

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-363500
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141003
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Diamond Foods Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001320947
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				941365192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51439
		FILM NUMBER:		141140886
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 SOUTH DIAMOND STREET
		CITY:			STOCKTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95205 7087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		209 467 6000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 SOUTH DIAMOND STREET
		CITY:			STOCKTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95205 7087












 



 D.C. 20549 





For the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014 
 




For the transition period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 














600 Montgomery Street
 13th Floor
San Francisco
 California








the Act: 










Common Stock
 $0.001 par value








Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Exchange
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule
12b-2).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
As of January&nbsp;31
 2014
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#146;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
$556
721
276 based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market. As of September&nbsp;22
 2014
 there were 31
378


Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 




 












































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 













 



 
This 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements
 including statements about our future operating performance and
results
 business strategy
 commodity prices
 liquidity position and sufficiency
 brand portfolio and performance
 availability of raw materials
 our position in the walnut industry
 the effectiveness of internal controls and remediating material
weaknesses. These forward-looking statements are based on our assumptions
 expectations and projections about future events only as of the date of this report. Many of our forward-looking statements include discussions of trends and anticipated
developments under the &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; sections of the periodic reports that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &#147;SEC&#148;). We use the words &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148; &#147;may&#148; and other similar expressions to identify
forward-looking statements that discuss our future expectations
 contain projections of our results of operations or financial condition or state other &#147;forward-looking&#148; information. You also should carefully consider other cautionary
statements elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report.
Actual results may differ materially from what we currently expect because of many risks and uncertainties
 such as: availability and cost of walnuts and other raw materials; ongoing litigation between the SEC and Diamond&#146;s former CFO;
inability to enact price increases for our products if commodity prices rise; unexpected delays or increased costs in implementing our business strategies; changes in consumer preferences for snack and nut products; risks relating to our leverage
including the cost of our debt and its effect on our ability to respond to changes in our business
 markets and industry; the dilutive impact of equity issuances; risks relating to litigation and regulatory factors including changes in food safety
advertising and labeling laws and regulations; uncertainties relating to our relations with growers; increasing competition and possible loss of key customers; and general economic and capital markets conditions. 
As used in this Annual Report
 the terms &#147;Diamond Foods
&#148; &#147;Diamond
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;registrant
&#148;
&#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean Diamond Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 



 







 marketing and distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In
2004
 brand by
 brand. In 2008


 which provided us with increased scale in the snack market. In 2010
 we
acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 adding the complementary premium Kettle


 we changed our operating and reportable segments. We previously had one operating and reportable segment; we now aggregate our operating segments into two
reportable segments
 Snacks and Nuts. 







Microwave popcorn products are offered in a variety of traditional flavors
 as well as a &#147;better-for-you&#148; product offering featuring 100-calorie packs. In March&nbsp;2010
 we complemented our snack portfolio with the acquisition of Kettle
Foods

<SUP

 natural and produce aisles
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 convenience stores
 drug
stores
 natural food stores and other places where snacks are sold. 







 brand in grocery store baking aisles and produce aisles and through mass merchandisers and club
stores. Culinary nuts are marketed to individuals who prepare meals or baked goods at home and who value fresh


 primarily during the winter holiday season. Our non-retail nut business includes international markets and North American ingredient customers. We market
 brand to food processors
 restaurants
 bakeries
and food service companies and their suppliers. Diamond&#146;s institutional and industrial customers use our standard or customer-specified products to add flavor and texture in their product offerings. We also sell in-shell nuts to international
markets. Emerald products include roasted
 glazed and flavored nuts
 trail mixes and similar offerings in a wide assortment of packaging formats that are sold where snack nuts and convenient breakfast items are sold. 
 



We evaluate the performance of our segments based on net sales and gross profit for each of
the segments. Our chief operating decision maker (&#147;CODM&#148;) does not receive or utilize asset information to evaluate performance of operating segments
 so asset-related information has not been presented. Gross profit is calculated as net
sales less cost of sales. Our fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 net sales and gross profit were as follows (in millions): 


















Year ended July&nbsp;31































473
736



437
955



425
175





391
471



426
057



556
243



















865
207



864
012



981
418

































168
568



152
133



128
122





39
678



53
390



51
599



















208
246



205
523



179
721















We sell our products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store
chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 Stores
 Inc. (which includes sales to both Sam&#146;s Club and Wal-Mart)
 accounted for
approximately 16%
 16%
 and 18% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to Costco Wholesale Corporation accounted for 9%
 9%
 and 12% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. No other single
customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 or 2012. 
We believe that our marketing efforts are fundamental to the success of our business. Advertising expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal
2014
 $41.5 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012. The objective of our marketing efforts is to build brand equity and awareness and grow household penetration for our brands. 
Our consumer-targeted advertising campaigns may include
 print and digital advertisements
 field marketing events
 social media including
Facebook
 Twitter
 and YouTube
 coupons
 co-marketing arrangements with complementary consumer product companies and cooperative advertising with select retail customers. We design and provide point-of-purchase displays for use by our retail
customers. These displays help to merchandize our products and make our products available for sale in multiple locations in a store
 which increases purchase opportunities. Our public relations and event sponsorship efforts are an important
component of our overall marketing and brand awareness strategy. We sample our products at events attended by our consumers including music and sporting events. Promotional activities associated with our ingredient/food service products include
attending regional and national trade shows
 and customer-specific marketing efforts. 
In North America
 we sell our consumer products through our sales force directly to large national grocery
 mass
merchandiser
 club




 convenience and natural food stores in various parts of the United&nbsp;States and Canada. In the United Kingdom
 we sell our potato chip
products through our sales personnel directly to national grocery
We distribute our products
from our production facilities in California
 Indiana
 Oregon
 Wisconsin and Norwich
 England
 and from leased warehouse and distribution facilities in California
 Colorado
 Georgia
 
 



 
Illinois
 Indiana
 New Jersey
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
 Ontario
 Canada and Snetterton
 England. Our sales administration and logistics departments manage the administration and fulfillment of customer
orders. The majority of our products are shipped from our production
 warehouse and distribution facilities by contract and common carriers. 


 high quality and safe products that exceed consumer expectations. A team of professional product developers
 including innovation marketers
 product developers
and trained chefs work to develop products. In addition to developing new products
 the research and development staff reformulates existing products from time to time based on advances in ingredients
 packaging and technology
 and conducts value
engineering to maintain competitive price points. Once new products have been identified
 an internal
 cross-functional commercialization team manages the process through large-scale production and is responsible for consistently delivering
high-quality products to market. We process and package most of our nut products at the Stockton
 California facility; our popcorn products are primarily processed and packaged at the Van Buren
 Indiana facility under a third-party co-pack
arrangement; and our potato chips are processed and packaged at the Salem
 Oregon
 Beloit
 Wisconsin and Norwich
 England facilities. Periodically
 we may use third parties to process and package a portion of our products when warranted by demand
and specific technical requirements. Research and development related costs recorded in Selling


compete against food products sold by many regional and national companies
 some of which are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. We believe that additional competitors will enter all of the markets in which we operate. We
also compete for the shelf space of retail grocers
 convenience stores
 drug stores
 mass merchandisers
 natural food and club stores. As these retailers consolidate
 the number of customers and potential customers declines and their purchasing
power increases. As a result
 there is greater pressure to manage distribution capabilities in ways that increase efficiency for these large retailers
 especially on a national scale. In general
 competition in our markets is based on product value
price
 brand recognition and loyalty. The combination of the strength of our brands
 our product quality and differentiation
 as well as our broad channel distribution
 helps us to compete effectively in each of these categories. Our principal
competitors are regional and national walnut handlers and nut manufacturers
 national popcorn manufacturers
 regional and national potato chip manufacturers
 and regional
 national and international food suppliers. 


also purchase walnuts from time to time from other growers and walnut processors on the open market. We purchase other nuts from domestic and international processors on the open market. For example
 during fiscal 2014
 all of the walnuts
 peanuts
and almonds we obtained were grown in the United States
 most of our supply of hazelnuts came from the United States
 and our supply of pecans was sourced from the United States and Mexico. With respect to nut types sourced primarily from abroad
 we
import Brazil nuts from the Amazon Basin
 cashew nuts from India
 Africa
 Brazil and Southeast Asia
 macadamia nuts from Australia and South Africa
 and pine nuts from China and Turkey. The popcorn we source comes from our primary third party
co-packer in the United&nbsp;States
 with additional sourcing capabilities
 if needed
 from Argentina. We obtain potatoes from the United States and the United Kingdom
 with additional sourcing capabilities
 if needed
 from Europe. 
The availability and cost of walnut raw materials are subject to supply contract renewals
 crop size
 quality
 yield fluctuations and
changes in governmental regulation
 as well as other factors. We purchase all other 
 



 
supplies used in our business from third parties. Those supplies include
 for example
 roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic containers
 flexible packaging
 labels and other packaging materials. We


products primarily under the Diamond




 each of which are protected with trademark registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 as well
brand
in connection with our marketing of snack nut products
 but preserves our exclusive use of our Diamond brand for all culinary and in-shell nut products. We own two nut-related patents and have two nut-related patents pending
 a number of U.S.
patents acquired from General Mills related to popcorn pouches
 flavoring and microwave technologies and patents acquired through the acquisition of Kettle Foods related to the manufacturing of potato chips and tortillas chips. While these patents
which have various durations
 are an important element of our success
 our business as a whole is not materially dependent on them. We expect to continue to renew trademarks that are important to our business. 
Our
business is seasonal. We source walnuts directly from growers
 and make supplemental walnut purchases from a number of handlers. We typically receive walnuts during the period from September to November
 and we pay for the crop throughout the year
in accordance with our walnut purchase agreements with the growers. We typically receive in-shell pecans during the period from October to March. Shelled pecans are received throughout the fiscal year and we pay for them over those periods on
receipt. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel along with walnut and pecan inventories peak during the last four months of the calendar year. We experience seasonality in capacity utilization at our Stockton
 California facility associated
with the annual walnut harvest and seasonal in-shell and culinary product demand. Generally
 we receive and pay for approximately 50% of the corn for popcorn in November
 and approximately 50% in April. We contract for potatoes and oil annually and
at other times throughout the year and receive and pay for them throughout the&nbsp;year. 
As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had 1
731 full-time employees consisting of 1
299 production and distribution employees
 340 administrative
and corporate employees and 92 sales and marketing employees in the United&nbsp;States and United Kingdom. Our labor requirements typically peak during the last quarter of the calendar year
 when we generally use temporary labor to supplement our
full-time work force. Our production and distribution employees in the Stockton
 California plant are members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters
 with whom we have a collective bargaining agreement that expires in March 2015. We consider
relations with our employees to be good. 
On the Investor Relations page of our Internet website at http://www.diamondfoods.com
 we make available
 free of charge
 our Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information on our website
is not incorporated into this report and is not a part of this report. 
 








to such risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause such a difference include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed below in the section entitled &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations
&#148; and elsewhere in this report. 
Raw materials that are key ingredients to our products are subject to fluctuations in availability and price that could adversely
The availability
 size
 quality and cost of raw materials for the
production and packaging of our products
 including nuts
 potatoes
 corn and corn products
 cooking and vegetable oils
 corrugate
 resins and other commodities
 are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by changes in
global supply and demand
 weather conditions
 governmental agricultural and energy programs
 exchange rates for foreign currencies and consumer demand. In particular
 the availability and cost of walnuts and other nuts are subject to supply contract
renewals
 crop size
 quality
 yield fluctuations
 and changes in governmental regulation as well as other factors. Additionally
 we rely on raw materials that come from regions that suffer from severe water scarcity or yearly fluctuations
 such as
California


walnut purchase agreements or enter into such agreements with new growers in any particular year
 we may not have sufficient walnut supply under contract to satisfy our business requirements
 which could have an adverse effect on our sales and our
results of operations. To obtain sufficient walnut supply
 which represents a significant portion of our cost of goods sold
 we may be required to purchase walnuts from third parties at substantially higher prices or forgo sales to some market
segments
 which would reduce our profitability. If we forgo sales to such market segments
 we may lose customers and may not be able to replace them later. Given our fixed costs from our manufacturing facilities
 if we have a lower supply of walnuts
or other raw materials
We make estimates of the price we
will pay for walnuts to growers under contract starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year and
 pursuant to our accounting policies
 finalize the price to be paid to growers by the end of the fiscal year. The selling price to customers for
walnuts fluctuates throughout the year depending on market forces. To the extent that we underestimate the price to be paid for walnuts and enter into contracts with our customers for products including walnuts at prices prevailing at the market at
that time and based on walnut cost estimates that ultimately prove to be below the final price we determine to pay to growers
 our business and results of operations could be harmed. Each year some of our walnut supply agreements are up for renewal
and competition among walnut handlers makes renewal with us uncertain. Disruption in our walnut supply and inability to secure walnuts cost effectively may adversely impact our business and our financial results. 
Our potato chip products are dependent on suppliers providing us with an adequate supply of quality potatoes on a timely basis. The
failure of our suppliers to meet our specifications
 quality standards or delivery schedules could have an adverse effect on our potato chip operations. In particular
 a sudden scarcity
 substantial price increase
 quality issues or unavailability
of ingredients could adversely affect our operating results. There can be no assurance that alternative ingredients would be available when needed on commercially attractive terms
 if at all. In addition
 high commodity prices could lead to
unexpected costs and price increases of our products which might dampen growth of consumer demand for our products. If we are unable to increase productivity to offset these increased costs or increase our prices
 this could substantially harm our
business and results of operations. 
 



Continuing litigation between the SEC and our former CFO may require significant
management time and attention
 resulting in significant legal expenses
 and could cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows to suffer. The unfavorable resolution of one or more matters could adversely impact
On December&nbsp;14
 2011
 we received a formal order of investigation from the Division of Enforcement of
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) regarding matters associated with the accounting for payments to walnut growers that resulted in the restatement of fiscal 2010 and 2011 financial results. On January&nbsp;9
2014
 the SEC authorized a settlement
 pursuant to which
 and without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC&#146;s complaint
 we agreed to pay $5 million to resolve the matter. The U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California approved the settlement on January&nbsp;10
 2014 and entered judgment on January&nbsp;21
 2014. The SEC also entered into a settlement with our former CEO
 but remains in litigation with our former CFO. Subject to certain limitations
 we
are obligated to indemnify our current and former directors
 officers and employees
 including our former CFO
 in connection with the ongoing SEC litigation and any future government inquiries
 investigations or actions. These matters have required
us to expend significant management time
 incur legal and other expenses and will require us to continue to do so. We have exhausted available coverage under applicable insurance policies
 and therefore we would need to pay for future expenses
related to these matters ourselves
 including in connection with the pending litigation between the SEC and our former CFO. Additionally
 an adverse judgment against our former CFO could result in claims by our insurance carriers to recover sums
previously paid in defense of various related lawsuits and investigative matters. Such claims
 if asserted and successful
 may have a material effect on our financial condition
 business
 results of operations and cash flow. 
If we are unable to compete effectively in the markets in which we operate
 our sales and profitability would be negatively
In general our markets are highly competitive and are based on product quality
 price
 brand recognition and
loyalty. As a result
 there are ongoing competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets in which we operate
 as well as challenges in establishing and maintaining profit margins. Our products compete against food and snack products sold by
many regional and national companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than we have. The greater scale and resources that may be available to our competitors could provide them with the ability to lower prices or
increase their promotional or marketing spending to compete more effectively. To address these challenges
 we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors
 including pricing
 promotional incentives and trade terms. We may need to
reduce our prices or increase promotional incentives in response to competition or to grow or maintain our market share. If we decide to reduce or eliminate promotional incentives to improve our profitability
 we may not be able to compete
effectively and we may lose distribution and market share
Competition and
customer pressures may restrict our ability to increase prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase spending on marketing
 advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase our market share. If
we are unable to compete effectively
 we could be unable to increase the breadth of the distribution of our products or lose customers or distribution of products
 which could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability. In addition
 if we
are required to maintain high levels of promotional incentives or trade terms with respect to particular product lines
 our margins and profitability would be adversely effected. 
If the parties we depend upon for raw material supplies do not perform adequately
 our ability to manufacture our products may be
impaired
We rely on third-party suppliers for the raw
materials we use to manufacture our products
 and our ability to manufacture our products depends on receiving adequate supplies on a timely basis
 which may be difficult or uneconomical to procure. If we do not maintain good relationships with
suppliers that are important to us or are unable to identify a replacement supplier or develop our own sourcing capabilities
 our ability to manufacture our 
 



 
products may be harmed
 which would result in interruptions in our business. In addition
 even if we are able to find replacement suppliers when needed
 we may not be able to enter into
agreements with them on favorable terms and conditions
 which could increase our costs of production. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
We may be required to conduct product recalls
 potentially triggering concerns with the safety and quality of our products
 which
The sale of food products for human
consumption involves risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product recalls and liability claims if our products become adulterated
 mislabeled or misbranded
 or cause injury
 illness
 or death. Our products may be subject to
product tampering and to contamination and spoilage risks
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects and other pests
 shell fragments
 cross-contamination and off-flavor contamination. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or otherwise tainted and
we were unable to detect it prior to shipment
 our products could be subject to a recall. Recalls might also be required due to usage of raw materials provided by third-party ingredient suppliers.&nbsp;Such suppliers are required to supply material
free of contamination
 but may
 on occasion
 identify issues after selling material to Diamond manufacturing locations. Our ability to sell products could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our products have been tampered with
 or
that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents. A significant product recall could cause our products to
be unavailable for a period of time and reduce our sales. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products
 damage to our reputation and also reduce our sales for an extended period. Product recalls and product
liability claims could increase our expenses and have an adverse effect on demand for our products and
 consequently
 reduce our sales


 which could have a material impact on our business. 
Our ability to implement our business plan and comply with regulations requires an effective planning and management process. We expect
that we will need to improve existing operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
 and implement new ones
 to manage our future business effectively. Any implementation delays
 or disruption in the transition to new or enhanced
systems
 procedures or controls
 could harm our ability to forecast sales
 manage our supply chain
 and record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. 
Furthermore
 we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In connection with the restatement of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 we determined that we had a material weakness as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 namely that our controls over the evaluation and review of complex and non-routine transactions were not effective. In addition
 we had
determined that we had a material weakness as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 relating to our controls over journal entries. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the material weakness related to our controls over journal entries has been remediated. The material
weakness related to the evaluation and review of complex and non-routine transactions
 however
 has not been remediated. 
Because the material weakness over the evaluation and review of complex and non-routine transactions has not been remediated
 we have
concluded that as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. Until the evaluation and review of complex and non-routine transactions material weakness is fully remediated
 it may be difficult for us to
manage our business
 our results of operations could be harmed
 our ability to report results accurately and on time could be impaired
 investors may lose faith in the reliability of our statements
 and the price of our securities may be materially
impacted. We cannot assure you whether
 or when
 the remaining control deficiency that has been identified as a material weakness will be fully remediated. 
 



We do not expect that our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the
controls. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. As a result
 we cannot assure you that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. A
material weakness means a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting exists such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant&#146;s annual or interim financial
Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved
controls
 or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation
 could result in additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses
 cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations
 or result in material misstatements
in our consolidated financial statements. Any such failure could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting
 cause us to incur unforeseen costs
 negatively impact our results of operations
 or cause the market price of our common stock and/or the notes to decline. 
Diamond and some of our current and former officers and directors remain parties to lawsuits arising out of or related to
Diamond&#146;s restatement of its fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 consolidated financial statements
 primarily resulting from our accounting for payments to walnut growers related to fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 and could result in additional legal
expenses and damages
 and cause our business
 financial condition
In
fiscal 2012
 putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond and naming certain executive officers and the members of our board of
directors as individual defendants. These lawsuits
 which related principally to our accounting for certain payments to walnut growers in fiscal 2010 and 2011

 Inc. Shareholder Derivative
Litigation
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement. Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a proposed settlement and the court entered an
order granting final approval of the settlement on August&nbsp;19
 2013. On September&nbsp;23
 2013
 a Notice of Appeal from the order granting final approval was filed by a single stockholder. No date for this hearing on this appeal has been
scheduled. In addition
 the SEC currently is in litigation with Diamond&#146;s former CFO with respect to claims arising from the same circumstances. Former executive officers and members of our board of directors as individual defendants have been
the subject of government investigations and lawsuits. Under Delaware law
 our bylaws and certain indemnification agreements
 we may have an obligation to indemnify former officers and directors in relation to these matters. Insurance funds from our
director and officer liability policies were used in connection with the settlements of the shareholder derivative litigation and securities class action litigation and as a result
 we will be required to fund indemnity obligations from claims
resulting from any claims remaining in this matter. For example
 if the litigation between our former CFO and the SEC continues or appeals proceed in the shareholder derivative action
 or our indemnity obligations could result in significant legal
expenses or damages and cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flow to suffer. 

As a food company
 we are subject to extensive government regulation
 including regulation of the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
product quality
 packaging
 storage
 distribution and labeling of our 
 



 
products. Furthermore
 there may be changes in the legal and regulatory environment
 and governmental entities or agencies in jurisdictions where we operate may impose new manufacturing
importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 labeling or other restrictions
 which could increase our costs and affect our profitability. For example
 various regulatory authorities and others have paid increasing attention to the
effect on humans due to the consumption of acrylamide&#151;a naturally-occurring chemical compound that is formed in the process of cooking many foods
 including potato chips
 and a potential carcinogen&#151;and have imposed additional regulatory
requirements. In the State of California
 we are required to warn about the presence of acrylamide and other potential carcinogens in our products. In addition
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is currently evaluating banning the use of
partially hydrogenated oils in food
 which some of our products contain. If consumer concerns about acrylamide or partially hydrogenated oils increase or these substances are regulated further or not allowed in food products
 demand for affected
products could decline and our revenues and business could be harmed. Our manufacturing operations are subject to various national
 regional or state and local laws and regulations that require us to obtain licenses relating to customs
 health and
safety
 building and land use and environmental protection. We are also subject to environmental regulations governing the discharge into the air
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. New
or amended statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities and our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and permits
 and could require us to change our methods of operations
which could be costly. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 all of which could have an adverse effect on
A disruption at any of our production facilities would significantly decrease production
 which could
We process and package our products in
 agreements and co-pack arrangements with third parties. A temporary or extended interruption in operations at any of our facilities
whether due to technical or labor difficulties
 destruction or damage from fire
 flood or earthquake
 infrastructure failures such as power or water shortages
 raw material shortage or any other reason
 whether or not covered by insurance
 could
interrupt our manufacturing operations
 disrupt communications with our customers and suppliers and cause us to lose sales and write off inventory. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facilities would have a significant negative impact
on our ability to manufacture and package our products on our own and may cause us to seek additional third-party arrangements
 thereby increasing production costs. These third parties may not be as efficient as we are and may not have the
capabilities to process and package some of our products
 which could adversely affect sales or operating income. Further
 current and potential customers might not purchase our products if they perceive our lack of alternate manufacturing
Changes in the food industry
 including changing


 including shifting consumer preferences
 dietary trends and purchasing patterns. To address consumer preferences
 we invest significant
resources in research and development of new products. Dietary trends
 such as the consumption of food in low carbohydrate content
 have in the past
 and may in the future
 harm our sales. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react to consumer
trends
 or if new products we develop do not achieve acceptance by retailers or consumers
 demand for our products could decline
 which would in turn cause our revenue and profitability to be lower. 
In addition
 some of our products contain sodium
 preservatives and other ingredients
 the health effects of which are the subject of
increasing public scrutiny
 including the suggestion that excessive consumption of these ingredients can lead to a variety of adverse health effects. In the United States and other countries
 there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks
including obesity
 associated with consumption of these ingredients
 as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of 
 



 
various food products. A continuing global focus on health and wellness
 including weight management
 and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing
 could adversely affect our
sales or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices. For example
 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is currently evaluating banning the use of partially hydrogenated oils in food
 which certain of our products
contain. Additionally
 we believe consumers are looking increasingly for all natural products. From time to time we have been subject to lawsuits challenging our product labeling practices
 including with respect to natural claims
 and may be sued
for such practices in the future. Moreover
 adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image
 undermine consumer confidence or customer relations
 and reduce demand for our products
 even if
Increased costs associated with product
processing and transportation
 such as water
 electricity
 natural gas and fuel costs


 including fuel and labor
 also represent a significant portion of the cost of our products
 because we use
third party truck and rail companies to collect our raw materials and deliver our products to our distributors and customers. These costs fluctuate significantly over time due to factors that may be beyond our control
 including increased fuel
prices
 adverse weather conditions or natural disasters
 employee strikes and increased export and import restrictions. We may not be able to pass on increased costs of production or transportation to our customers. In addition
 from time to time
transportation service providers have a backlog of shipping requests
 which could impact our ability to ship products in a timely fashion. Increases in the cost of water
 electricity
 natural gas
 fuel or labor and failure to ship products on time
The loss of any major customer could
We depend on a few significant customers for a large proportion of
our net sales. This concentration has become more pronounced with the trend toward consolidation in the retail grocery store industry. Sales to our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. (which includes sales to both Sam&#146;s Club and Wal-Mart)
represented approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of our total net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012 respectively. Sales to our second largest customer
 Costco Wholesale Corporation
 represented approximately 9%
 9%
 and 12% of our total net sales in
fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The success of our business is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with these customers
 or any other significant customer. Further
 there is a continuing trend towards retail
trade consolidation
 which can create significant cost and margin pressure on our business. The loss of any major customers
 or any other significant customer
 or a material decrease in their purchases from us
 could result in decreased sales and
adversely impact our net income. 
Retail customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 continue to consolidate
 resulting in fewer customers on
which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces larger
 more sophisticated retail customers that can resist price increases and demand lower pricing
 increased promotional programs or specifically tailored products. In addition
 larger
retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. Further retail consolidation and increasing retail power could materially and adversely affect
our product sales
If we need to compete with other manufacturers or
with retailer brands on the basis of price
Our
branded products face competition from private label products that at times may be sold at lower price points. The impact of price gaps between our products and private label products may result in share erosion and

 



 
harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed
in developing new or enhanced products that are more attractive to customers or consumers than ours. These competitors may also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products than we are; and may be better able to increase
prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing
 commodity costs
 or promotional activities of our competitors or
whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share
 decline in sales
or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material effect on our business


 and the inability to protect
 and costs associated with protecting
 our intellectual property could harm the
Our success depends significantly on
our know-how and other intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks
 service marks
 trade secrets
 patents
 copyrights and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. Our success also depends in large part on our continued


patents expire over time and third parties may use such previously patented technology to compete against us
 and our third-party manufacturers and partners may also disclose our trade secrets. From time to time
 we engage in litigation to protect
our intellectual property
 which could result in substantial costs as well as diversion of management attention. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
We depend on our key personnel and if we lose the services of any of these individuals
 or fail to attract and retain additional
key personnel
Our future
success largely depends on the contributions of our senior management team. We believe that these individuals&#146; expertise and knowledge about our industry
 their respective fields and their relationships with other individuals in our industry
are critical factors to our continued growth and success. We do not carry key person insurance. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management team and the failure to hire and retain qualified management and other key personnel
could have an adverse effect on our business and prospects. Our success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain additional qualified sales
 marketing and other personnel
Economic downturns may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
Unfavorable economic conditions may negatively affect our business and financial results. Poor economic conditions could negatively impact
consumer demand for our products
 the mix of our products&#146; sales
 our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
 the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations
 and our ability to obtain financing or
to otherwise access the capital markets. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely affect our business


We may review acquisition prospects that we believe could complement our existing business. There is no assurance that we will be
successful in identifying
 negotiating or consummating any future acquisitions. Any such future acquisitions could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive issuances of stock and increased

 



 
debt and contingent liabilities
 any of which could have a material effect on our business and the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions entail many financial
 managerial and operational
risks
 including difficulties integrating the acquired operations
 effective and immediate implementation of internal control over financial reporting
 diversion of management attention during the negotiation and integration phases
 uncertainty
entering markets in which we have limited prior experience
 and potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations. We may be unable to integrate product lines or businesses that we acquire
 which could have a material effect on our business
and on the market price of our common stock. We may evaluate the various components of our portfolio of businesses and may
 as a result
 explore divesting such products or businesses. Divestitures have inherent risks
 including possible delays in
closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals)
 the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses
 unexpected costs associated with the separation of the business to be sold from
our integrated information technology systems and other operating systems and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition
 adverse economic or market conditions may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful divestiture
efforts. Transaction costs may be high
 and expected cost savings
 which are offset by revenue losses from divested businesses
 may be difficult to achieve
 and we may experience varying success in reducing costs or transferring liabilities
previously associated with the divested businesses. In addition
 acquisitions or divestitures may result in litigation that can be expensive and divert management&#146;s attention and resources from our core business. 

The success of our business depends substantially upon our ability to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees. Our production
workforce in one of our facilities is covered by a collective bargaining agreement which expires in March 2015. Strikes or work stoppages and interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew this agreement on satisfactory terms. If a work
stoppage or slow down were to occur
 it could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements also could increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement
Our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be


 fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012
 sales outside the United States
 primarily in
the United&nbsp;Kingdom
 Canada
 South Korea
 Japan
 Germany
 Netherlands
 Turkey
 China and Spain accounted for approximately 25%
 24% and 23% of our net sales
 respectively. Many factors relating to our international operations and to particular
countries in which we operate could have a material negative impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: 





negative economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments
 including the threat of war
 terrorist attacks
epidemic or civil unrest; 





pandemics
 such as the flu
 which may adversely affect our workforce as well as our local suppliers and customers; 






earthquakes
 tsunamis
 floods or other major disasters that may limit the supply of nuts or other products that we purchase abroad;






tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers
 other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements imposed by governments;












increased costs
 disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; 







 















difficulties and costs associated with complying with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to entities with overseas operations;













varying regulatory
 tax
 judicial and administrative practices in the jurisdictions where we operate; 






difficulties associated with operating under a wide variety of complex foreign laws
 treaties and regulations; and 










 other intangible assets or tangible assets could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth.
A significant portion of our assets are goodwill and other intangible assets
 the majority of which are not amortized
but are reviewed at least annually for impairment. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current fair value
 the asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value resulting in a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions
that could result in impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common stock
 increased competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or obsolescence
 or product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or
profitability over the product life. To the extent our market capitalization (increased by a reasonable control premium) results in a fair value of our common stock that is below our net book value
 or if other indicators of potential impairment are
present
 then we will be required to take further steps to determine if an impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets has occurred and to calculate an impairment loss. If there are future changes in our stock price
 or significant changes in
the business climate or operating results of our reporting units
 we may incur additional impairment charges related to the Kettle U.S. trade name or our other intangible assets and goodwill which would negatively impact our consolidated operating
results and further reduce our stock price. At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $803.1 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
192.8 million and total
shareholders&#146; equity of approximately $283.8 million. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $789.2 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
172.3 million and total
Unauthorized access to confidential information and data on
our information technology systems and security and data breaches could materially adversely affect our business


 we rely on our computer systems to manage inventory
 process transactions
 communicate with our suppliers and other third parties
 and on continued and unimpeded access to
secure network connections to use our computer systems. We have physical
 technical and procedural safeguards in place that are designed to protect information and protect against security and data breaches as well as fraudulent transactions and
other activities. Despite these safeguards and our other security processes and protections
 we cannot be assured that all of our systems and processes are free from vulnerability to security breaches (through cyberattacks
 which are evolving and
becoming increasingly sophisticated
 physical breach or other means) or inadvertent data disclosure by third parties or by us. A significant data security breach
 including misappropriation of customer
 distributor or employee confidential
information
 could cause us to incur significant costs
 which may include potential cost of investigations
 legal
 forensic and consulting fees and expenses
 costs and diversion of management attention required for investigation
 remediation and
litigation
 substantial repair or replacement costs. We could also experience data losses that would impair our ability to 
 



 
manage inventories or process transactions and the negative impact on our reputation and loss of confidence of our customers
 distributors
 suppliers and others
 any of which could have a
material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and operating results. 
We are highly leveraged and have substantial debt service requirements that could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our debt
obligations


 and might limit our ability
to take advantage of potential business opportunities.&nbsp;Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our financial and operating performance
 which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive
conditions and to financial
 business and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of
 or interest on
 our indebtedness
 or to fund our other liquidity needs
including working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development efforts and other general corporate requirements. We may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures
 sell assets
 seek additional capital
 or restructure or refinance our
indebtedness. This high degree of leverage could have other important consequences
 including: 





making it more difficult to satisfy obligations with respect to the 7.000% Notes due 2019
 (the &#147;Notes&#148;) and our other indebtedness
including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions
 which could result in an event of default under the indenture governing the Notes or the agreements governing our other indebtedness; 






increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic
 industry or competitive developments; 




















limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 





placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who are less highly leveraged and who therefore
 may be able to take advantage of
Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations
including our obligations under the Notes
 will depend upon
 among other things
 our future operating performance and our ability to refinance indebtedness when necessary. Each of these factors is
 to a large extent
 dependent on economic
financial
 competitive and other factors beyond our control. If
 in the future
 we cannot generate sufficient cash from operations to make scheduled payments on our debt obligations
 we will need to refinance our debt
 obtain additional financing
issue additional equity or sell assets. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow or that we will be able to obtain funding sufficient to satisfy our debt service requirements. 
Despite current indebtedness levels
 we may still be able to incur substantially more debt
 including secured debt. This could
We may be able to incur additional
substantial indebtedness in the future. Although the terms of the agreements governing our existing indebtedness
 the terms of our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility and our senior secured term loan facility and the indenture
governing the Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness
 indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could make it more likely that we will
experience some or all of the risks associated with substantial indebtedness. 
 



Our other debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in
The indenture governing our debt arrangements contain various covenants that may limit our
ability or the ability of our domestic subsidiaries to engage in specified types of transactions that may be in our long-term best interests. These covenants limit our ability
 among other things to: 














































agreements could result in an event of default that
 if not cured or waived
 could result in such debt becoming immediately due and payable. This
 in turn
 could cause our other debt to become due and payable as a result of cross-default or
cross-acceleration provisions contained in the agreements governing such other debt. In the event that some or all of our debt is accelerated and becomes immediately due and payable
 we may not have the funds to repay
 or the ability to refinance


The trading price of our common stock is volatile and subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors
 many of which are
beyond our control
 including: 












changes in our revenues
 earnings
 prospects or recommendations of securities analysts who follow our stock or our industry;

























general market conditions
 including economic factors unrelated to our performance; and 








 securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation against us could result in
We issued a
substantial number of shares in connection with our securities litigation settlement and pursuant to the exercise of an outstanding warrant issued to Oaktree
 and the trading of these shares in the open market could cause the market price of our
In connection with an agreement that we entered into to settle a private securities class
action against us and two of our former officers
 we agreed to pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue approximately 4.45&nbsp;million 
 



 
shares of our common stock to a settlement fund. On February&nbsp;21
 2014
 we issued the 4.45&nbsp;million shares to a settlement fund. The timing of the distribution of the shares to class
members has not yet been determined
 and we have the ability to privately place
 or conduct a public offering of
 the shares or substitute shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel prior to distribution of the shares in the
settlement fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement shares. Any such distribution of shares
 when and if it occurs
 may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. In
addition
 on February&nbsp;19
 2014 Oaktree exercised a warrant to purchase 4
420
859&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. As a result of the warrant exercise
 the volatility in the trading price of our common stock may increase if and when
Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited
 and our failure to raise
The timing and amount of our working capital and
capital expenditure requirements may vary significantly as a result of many factors
 including: 
























access to and availability of sufficient management
 technical
 marketing and financial personnel. 
If our capital resources are not sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs
 we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or
obtain other debt financing. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Additional debt would result in increased expenses and could result in covenants that would restrict
our operations. With the exception of the secured credit facility
 we have not made arrangements to obtain additional financing. We may not be able to obtain additional financing
 if required
 in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.

We have adopted a stockholder rights plan and will issue one preferred stock purchase right with each share of our common stock that we
issue. Each right will entitle the holder to purchase one one-hundredth of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Under certain circumstances
 if a person or group acquires 15% or more of our outstanding common stock
 holders
of the rights (other than the person or group triggering their exercise) will be able to purchase
 in exchange for the $60.00 exercise price
 shares of our common stock or of any company into which we are merged having a value of $120.00. The rights
expire in March 2015 unless extended by our board of directors. Because the rights may substantially dilute the stock ownership of a person or group attempting to acquire us without the approval of our board of directors
 our rights plan could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire us (or a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock) without first negotiating with our board of directors regarding such acquisition. 
In addition
 our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock (of which 500
000 shares have
been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) and to determine the price
 rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions
 including voting rights
 of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The
rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. 
Further
 some provisions of our charter documents
 including provisions establishing a classified board of directors
 eliminating the
ability of stockholders to take action by written consent and limiting the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice
 may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or our
management
 which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. Further
 we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware General 
 



 
Corporation Law
 which will prohibit an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; from engaging in a &#147;business combination&#148; with us for a period of three years after the date of the
transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder
 even if such combination is favored by a majority of stockholders
 unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. All of the foregoing could have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change in control or management. 










 California. This facility consists of approximately 635
000 square feet of office and production space and 120
000 square feet of refrigerated storage
space. We own three production facilities associated with our potato chip products consisting of approximately 70
000 square feet of office and production space in Salem
 Oregon
 approximately 123
000 square feet of office and production space in
Norwich
 England
 and 140
000 square feet of office and production space in Beloit
 Wisconsin. We lease office space in San Francisco
 California. We also own a production facility in Van Buren
 Indiana
 in which a co-packer manufactures some of our
popcorn products
 which is approximately 40
000 square feet and is located on the co-packer&#146;s manufacturing campus. We lease a production facility in Fishers
 Indiana which is currently not used by us for manufacturing. The Fishers facility
consists of approximately 117
000 square feet of office and production space and 60
000 square feet of warehouse/storage space. The leases on the Fishers facility are non-cancellable operating leases which expire in 2015 and 2019. In the second
quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to sublease a portion of the Fishers facility. Refer to Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our consolidation of our manufacturing
operations and closure of our facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Finally
 we lease warehousing facilities in California
 Georgia
 Illinois
 Indiana
 New Jersey
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
 and the United Kingdom. 
We believe that our facilities are generally well maintained and are in good operating condition
 and will be adequate for our needs for
the foreseeable future. 



In
re Diamond Foods Inc.
In fiscal 2012
 putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were
filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond and naming certain executive officers and the members of our board of directors as individual defendants. These lawsuits
 which related
principally to our accounting for certain payments to walnut growers in fiscal 2010 and 2011

 Shareholder Derivative Litigation 
fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement. Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a proposed settlement and the court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement on
August&nbsp;19
 2013. On September&nbsp;23
 2013
 a Notice of Appeal from the order granting final approval was filed by a single stockholder. No date for this hearing on this appeal has been scheduled. The Company will continue to incur costs
associated with this action
 and
 depending on the ultimate outcome
 could continue to do so
 and management&#146;s attention may be diverted to this matter. This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results


 2014
 Deena Klacko first filed a putative class action against Diamond in the Southern District of Florida
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in our TIAS tortilla chip product
were not natural and seeking damages and injunctive relief. The lawsuit alleged five causes of actions alleging violations of Florida&#146;s Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act
 negligent misrepresentation
 breach of implied warranty for

 



 
particular purpose
 breach of express warranty and the Magnuson-Warranty Act. The complaint seeks to certify a class of Florida consumers who purchased TIAS tortilla chips since January&nbsp;3
2010. On January&nbsp;9
 2014
 Dominika Surzyn brought a similar class action against Diamond relating to our TIAS tortilla chips in federal court for the Northern District of California. Surzyn purports to represent a class of California consumers
who purchased said Kettle TIAS products since January&nbsp;9
On April&nbsp;2
 2014
 Richard Hall filed a putative
class action against the Company in San Francisco Superior Court
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in our Kettle Brand chips and TIAS Tortilla Chips are not natural and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Plaintiff purports to bring
this action on his own behalf
 as well as on behalf of all consumers in the United States
 or alternatively
 California
 within four years of the filing of the complaint who purchased certain of Diamond&#146;s Kettle Brand Chips or Kettle Brand TIAS
The Company denies all allegations in these cases. Following mediation and settlement discussions among
plaintiffs&#146; counsel in Klacko
 Surzyn and Hall
 the parties entered into a settlement agreement
 and it is expected to resolve all claims on a nationwide basis and include: Diamond to take certain injunctive relief measures to confirm labeling
 to a
charity as a food donation. The settlement is subject to court approval and the plaintiffs intend to file preliminary approval papers. The Company has recognized the related settlement charges within the consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2014. We cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits
 and an unfavorable outcome in excess of amounts recognized as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 with respect to one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations for the periods in which a loss is recognized. 
Diamond is involved in various legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or
determine the outcome or resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain.
The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
and cash flows. 





 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock trades under the symbol &#147;DMND&#148; as a Global Select security on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sales prices of our common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market and quarterly cash dividends declared on common shares: 




























Year Ended July&nbsp;31
 2014:





































































Year Ended July 31
 2013:




































































Certain of our credit agreements specify limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared or


 2014
 we had approximately 829 holders of record of our common stock
 although we believe that there are a larger number of beneficial owners. As of September&nbsp;22
 2014
 there
were 31
378
The following are details of repurchases of common stock during the three
months ended July&nbsp;31
 2014: 






















of
shares


paid
per






of
shares


Repurchases from May&nbsp;1 &#151; May&nbsp;31
 2014


11
497














Repurchases from June&nbsp;1 &#151; June&nbsp;30
 2014


4
200














Repurchases from July&nbsp;1&#151; July&nbsp;31
 2014






































16
417



































All of the shares in the table above were originally granted to employees as restricted stock pursuant to our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;EIP&#148;). Pursuant to
the EIP
 all of the shares reflected above were relinquished by employees in exchange for Diamond&#146;s agreement to pay federal and state withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of the restricted stock. The repurchases reflected above
were not made pursuant to a publicly announced plan. 
 








 2014: 












































(In thousands
 except per share information)





865
207



864
012



981
418



966
688



682
326





656
961



658
489



801
697



750
209



537
484



























208
246



205
523



179
721



216
479



144
842
























Selling
 general and administrative (b)


151
315



233
373



130
599



97
506



64
551





43
336



41
528



37
933



45
035



33
726













41
334



20
350



11
328





25
933



11
326



10
360













15
000

























37
560



10
132



































235
584



323
787



230
358



162
891



109
605



























(27
338



(118
264



(50
637



53
588



35
237





83
004


















Interest expense
 net (f)


51
969



57
925



33
976



23
918



10
180


Other expenses
 net


















1
849



























(162
311



(176
189



(84
613



29
670



23
208





2
391



(16
278



1
723



3
103



7
532



























(164
702



(159
911



(86
336



26
567



15
676



















































































































26
033



21
813



21
692



21
577



18
313





26
033



21
813



21
692



22
233



18
843



























During the preparation of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 we determined that the statutory income tax rate used to value United
Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability
balance at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. We assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;99
 and concluded that
this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;108

Financial Statements

 we revised the 2013 consolidated financial statements. 



In fiscal 2014
 we recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a result of changes in the fair value of the stock portion of the Securities Settlement (see Note 2 to the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion) as compared to the $96.1 million we recorded in fiscal 2013. Additionally
 in fiscal 2014
 no costs were incurred related to the Audit Committee investigation and related legal
expenses and we incurred lower audit and consulting fees as compared to the prior year. We also recognized a $1.6 million gain relating to the shareholder derivative settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. These items were partially offset
by the $5.0 million we recorded related to the SEC investigation
 and an increase in stock compensation expense and research and development expense in fiscal 2014. 



The $15.0 million warrant exercise fee represents the contractual modification inducement fee paid to Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;) as a result
of our February&nbsp;19
 2014 debt refinancing. 
 






In fiscal 2013
 we recorded asset impairment charges of $36.0 million related to brand intangibles and $1.6&nbsp;million related to customer contracts and related
relationships. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers equipment. 



In fiscal 2014
 we refinanced our debt capital structure. We used the net proceeds of our debt refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree&#146;s warrant
exercise to (1)&nbsp;repay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate the Secured Credit Facility
 (2)&nbsp;repay approximately $276&nbsp;million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate the Oaktree Senior
Notes
 (3)&nbsp;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes resulting in a debt extinguishment loss of approximately $83.0 million.



In fiscal 2012
 we incurred $225 million in indebtedness at an interest rate of 12% and our interest rate on our secured credit facility increased. Please refer to the
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; for more information. This amount also includes third party costs related to the debt and our secured credit
agreement. 



On February&nbsp;21
 2014
 we issued 4.45&nbsp;million shares of our common stock to a settlement fund pursuant to the terms of the approved Securities Settlement. On
February&nbsp;19
 2014
 we entered into the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares. These shares were included in the computation of basic and diluted
loss per share calculation in fiscal 2014. 



Since March 2012
 we have ceased making dividend payments to stockholders. 








































































5
318



5
885



3
291



3
112



5
642





110
322



(59
540



61
587



52
446



62
608





1
192
834



1
172
315



1
299
349



1
322
907



1
236
072


Total debt
 including short-term debt


647
415



590
937



605
047



531
701



556
100





283
800



169
969



324
794



420
495



376
543





The effect of the revision on stockholders&#146; equity within the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 was an increase of $3.2 million.







 marketing and distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In
2004
 brand by
 brand. In 2008


 which provided us with increased scale in the snack market. In 2010
 we
acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom

<FONT

 we sell directly to retailers
 particularly larger national grocery store and drug store chains
 and indirectly through wholesale distributors to independent and small regional retail grocery
store chains and convenience stores. We sell our products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other retail channels and non-retail channels
 such as
Our business is seasonal. In sourcing walnuts
 we contract directly with growers for their
walnut crop. We typically receive walnuts during the period from September to November
 and we pay for the crop throughout the 
 



 
year in accordance with our walnut purchase agreements with the growers. We typically receive in-shell pecans during the period from October to March
 and shelled pecans throughout the fiscal
year
 and pay for them over those periods on receipt. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel and working capital requirements and walnut inventories peak during the last four months of the calendar year. We experience seasonality in capacity
utilization at our Stockton
 California facility associated with the annual walnut harvest and seasonal in-shell and culinary product demand. Refer to Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our
consolidation of our manufacturing operations and closure of our facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Generally
 we receive and pay for approximately 50% of the corn for popcorn in November
 and approximately 50% in April. We contract for potatoes and oil
During the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 we changed our operating
and reportable segments. We previously had one operating and reportable segment; we now aggregate our operating segments into two reportable segments
 which are Snacks and Nuts. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on net sales and
During the preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of
fiscal 2014
 we determined that the statutory income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 was not correct. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 and
resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability balance at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million understatement of the income tax benefit for fiscal year 2013. We assessed the materiality of the error in accordance
with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;99
 and concluded that this error was not material to the fiscal year 2013 consolidated financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;108

Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements

 on both prior and projected current year results we have revised the
July&nbsp;31
Diamond reports its operating results on
the basis of a fiscal year that starts August&nbsp;1 and ends July&nbsp;31. Diamond refers to the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31
 2011
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 as &#147;fiscal 2011
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2012
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2013&#148; and
&#147;fiscal 2014
&#148; respectively. 
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and
various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
Revenue Recognition and
Accounts Receivable. 
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of
rebates
 introductory or slotting payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount we accrue for promotion is based on an estimate of the level of performance of the trade promotion
 and is based upon factors such as historical
trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs. Customers have the right to return certain products. Product returns are estimated
based upon historical results and are reflected as a reduction in sales. Evaluating these estimates requires management judgment
 and changes in our assumptions could impact the amount recorded for our sales
 cost of sales and net income.

 



All inventories are accounted for on a lower of cost (first-in
first-out or weighted average) or market basis. We have entered into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to our walnut purchase agreements
 we
determine the price for this inventory after receipt and by the end of the fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut
varieties
 among other relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 we estimate the final purchase price for our interim financial statements. Those interim estimates may
subsequently change due to changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the
inventory is sold through. Changes in estimates may affect the ending inventory balances
 as well as gross profit. 
Property
 Plant and Equipment.
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and software. We perform impairment tests on our property
 plant
 and equipment when
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Indicators of impairment could include significant changes in business environment or planned closure of a facility. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate
the impact of operating changes and to estimate asset useful lives and future cash flows. If actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows
 we may be exposed to a significant
We periodically
review long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 360

 Plant
 and Equipment
finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 20 years. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350

Other

<FONT

 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth
rates for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and any impairment charge.
While the fair value of these assets exceeds their carrying value based on our current estimates and assumptions
 materially different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to changing economic conditions
 changes in our business or
For assets to be held and used
 including
identifiable intangible assets and long-lived assets subject to amortization
 we initiate our review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of a long-lived
asset subject to amortization is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
For brand intangible
assets not subject to amortization
 we test for impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In testing brand intangibles for impairment
 we compare the fair value
with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow
analysis uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate. If we 
 



 
were to experience a decrease in forecasted future revenues attributable to the brands
 this could indicate a potential impairment. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value
 the
brand intangible asset is considered impaired
 and an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the brand intangible asset. We performed our annual intangible asset impairment
analysis as of June&nbsp;30
 2014 and determined that we did not have any impairment. The fair value of the brand intangible assets were substantially in excess of their carrying values. 
We perform our annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC&nbsp;350 as of June&nbsp;30th of each year. During fiscal 2012
 we adopted
ASU No.&nbsp;2011-08
For both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 we elected to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
analysis. As a result of our segment reporting changes for the period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as our operating segments. In fiscal 2012
 we performed our goodwill
impairment test at our single reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is calculated using a blend of the income and the market approach. Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
in which case the goodwill is written down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include (i)&nbsp;forecasted sales growth rates and (ii)&nbsp;forecasted profitability
both of which are estimated based on consideration of historical performance and management&#146;s estimate of future performance
 and (iii)&nbsp;discount rates that are used to calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major assumptions in the market approach include the selected
multiples applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and business initiatives in order to
estimate future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change in promotional strategy
 a shortfall in contracted walnut supply or an increase in tree nut commodity costs
could have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which could have a direct impact on the profitability of the reporting units.&nbsp;Future business results could significantly impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a
material impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment existed
 and the size of any such impairment. At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $803.1&nbsp;million
compared to total assets of approximately $1
192.8&nbsp;million and total shareholders&#146; equity of approximately $283.8&nbsp;million. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately
$789.2&nbsp;million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
172.3&nbsp;million and total shareholders&#146; equity of approximately $170.0&nbsp;million. We performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of June&nbsp;30
 2014 using
We cannot guarantee that we will
not record a material impairment charge in the future. The margin by which the fair values of the Emerald and Diamond of California reporting units exceed carrying values is as low as 20% making the impairment assessment especially sensitive to
changes in forecasted revenue and margins. As a result
 changes in our results
 assumptions or estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a reporting unit and
 therefore
 could reduce the excess of fair value over the
carrying value of a reporting unit entirely and could result in goodwill impairment.&nbsp;Events and conditions that could indicate impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common stock
 increased competition or loss of market
share
 increases in our tree nut commodity costs
 lack of product innovation or obsolescence
 or product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over a period of time. For example
 an expected decline in long-term
forecasted cash flow projections
 such as net sales for a reporting unit
 could indicate a fair value which is lower than carrying value. To the extent calculated fair values decline to a level lower than reporting unit carrying values
 or if other
indicators of potential impairment are present
 we will be required to take further steps to determine if an impairment of goodwill has occurred and to calculate an impairment loss. 
 



We incur various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
qualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. We
review our assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends when it is deemed appropriate. The effect of any modification is generally recorded and amortized over future periods. Different
assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of expense over different periods of time. 
We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
Income
s.&#148; This guidance requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently
enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We evaluated our valuation allowance
for fiscal 2014 and increased the valuation allowance to $150.8 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 from $99.3 million as of July&nbsp;31


There are inherent uncertainties related to the
interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We may take tax positions that management believes are supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. We evaluate our
tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 and adjust them accordingly.
Differences between management&#146;s position and taxing authorities on issues could result in an increase or decrease to tax expense
 which could be material to our results of operations. 
We account for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718
.&#148; Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the fair value of equity
awards on the date of grant. The compensation cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
requires us to make assumptions such as expected term
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock options&#146; fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 we may be required to increase or decrease compensation expense
 which could be material to our results of operations.



 2013
 we reached a proposed agreement
 preliminary approval of which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013
 subject to final court approval
 to settle the private securities class
action pending against us and two of our former officers. A final approval hearing was held on January&nbsp;9
 2014. Under the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 we paid a total of $11.0 million in cash and issued 4.45&nbsp;million
shares of common stock to a settlement fund to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012
 inclusive. We recognized an aggregate
settlement liability of $96.1 million in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2013 which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August&nbsp;20
 2013 based on our closing
market price on the day before the preliminary approval motion. The value 
 



 
of the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock at July&nbsp;31
 2013 was $90.7 million. The court issued an order granting final approval of the stock settlement on January&nbsp;21
 2014
 and
the appeal period expired on February&nbsp;20
 2014
 at which time the stock settlement became effective. In fiscal 2014
 we recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement
 derecognized the
liability and insurance receivable associated with the Securities Settlement
 and on February&nbsp;21
 2014


 respectively. The slight increase in consolidated net sales was primarily due to an increase in Snacks sales
 which was
largely offset by a decrease in Nuts sales. 



















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



2014
to 2013




























473
736



437
955









391
471



426
057























865
207



864
012





































168
568



152
133









39
678



53
390























208
246



205
523



















Snacks segment net sales increased to $473.7 million in fiscal 2014 from $438.0 million in fiscal 2013
Nuts segment net sales decreased to $391.5 million in fiscal 2014 from $426.1
million in fiscal 2013 primarily driven by a decrease in volume of 12.5%. The decrease in volume was partially offset by product mix in our Emerald brand
 and increases in pricing in our Diamond of California brand. 
Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of snack net sales was 35.6% and 34.7% for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
respectively. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales is largely driven by increases in volume
 product mix and a reduction in certain ingredient costs for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. 
Nuts segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 10.1% and 12.5% for fiscal 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The decrease in gross
profit as a percentage of net sales was driven by decreases in volume and increases in tree nut costs for the Diamond of California and Emerald brands. As discussed in
 our commodity costs are subject to
Selling
 general
and administrative. 
 general and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and benefits for sales and administrative personnel
 brokerage
 professional services
 travel
 non-manufacturing depreciation and facility costs.
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $151.3 million and $233.4 million
 and 17.5% and 27.0% of net sales
 for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 respectively. Selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased from fiscal 2013 primarily
due to the Settlement of the Securities Litigation. In fiscal 2014
 we recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a result of changes in the fair value of the stock portion of the settlement as compared to the aggregate settlement expense of $96.1 million
we recorded in fiscal 2013. We also recognized a $1.6 million gain relating to the shareholder derivative settlement in the first quarter 
 



 
of fiscal 2014. Additionally
 no costs were incurred related to the Audit Committee investigation and related legal expenses and we incurred lower audit and consulting fees as compared to the
prior year. These decreases were partially offset by the $5.0 million we recorded related to the SEC investigation and an increase in stock compensation expense and research and development expense in fiscal 2014. 
Advertising expenses were $43.3 million and $41.5 million
 and 5.0% and 4.8% of net sales
 for fiscal 2014 and fiscal
2013


 and 3.0% and 1.3% of net sales for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 respectively. The loss on warrant liability
for fiscal 2014 was due to the change in the fair value of the warrant liability. As a result of the debt refinancing in the third quarter
 the warrant was exercised and we no longer have a liability associated with the warrant as of July&nbsp;31
. Warrant exercise fee was $15.0 million and 1.7% of net sales for fiscal 2014 and nil for
fiscal 2013. The $15.0 million warrant exercise fee represents the contractual modification inducement fee paid to Oaktree. See further discussion in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section under
 In fiscal 2014
 asset impairments were nil. In fiscal 2013
 asset impairments were $37.6&nbsp;million and 4.3%
of net sales. In the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we recorded an impairment charge of $1.6&nbsp;million associated with customer contacts and related relationships. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 we determined that the Kettle U.S. trade name
Loss on debt
extinguishment.
(&#147;ASC&#148;) Section&nbsp;470-50-40-2 &#150; Debt &#150; Modifications and Extinguishments including the differential between the repayment amount and carrying value of the senior notes (&#147;Oaktree Senior Notes&#148;) held by Oaktree
 a call
premium associated with senior notes held by Oaktree
 write-offs of unamortized debt issuance and transaction costs related to our five-year $600 million secured credit facility (the &#147;Secured Credit Facility&#148;) and Oaktree Senior Notes and
new debt issuance costs associated with the new refinancing that was expense as incurred. For additional description of our debt
 see Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Interest expense
 net. 
 and 6.0% and 6.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2014
and fiscal 2013
 respectively. Interest expense
 net decreased for fiscal 2014 primarily due to our refinanced capital debt structure which yields lower interest rates than our previously held debt obligations which included the election of the
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2014 and fiscal
2013 were (1.47%)&nbsp;and 9.2%
 respectively.&nbsp;The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35%
 in these periods
 is primarily due to the valuation allowance which was provided to reduce United States and
state deferred tax assets to amounts considered recoverable and United States and state deferred taxes from Diamond&#146;s long lived intangibles&#146; amortization. These tax expense impacts were offset by the benefits of income generated in the
United Kingdom at lower tax rates and the release of liabilities for uncertain tax positions in the United States. Our fiscal 2013 effective tax rate was also impacted by the write-down of intangibles related to the Kettle U.S. trade name.
In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 we regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for our
deferred tax assets based on the likelihood that the benefits of the deferred tax assets would or would not ultimately be realized in future periods. In making this assessment
 significant weight was given to

 



 
evidence that could be objectively verified such as recent operating results and less consideration was given to less objective indicators such as future earnings projections.&nbsp;As a result of
our most recent evaluation and after consideration of positive and negative evidence
 including the recent history of losses in the current fiscal year
 we evaluated our valuation allowance for fiscal 2014 and increased the revised valuation
allowance by $51.5&nbsp;million to $150.8 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 from $99.3 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. 


 respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to decreased Nuts sales partially offset by an increase in
Snacks sales. Sales incentives are recorded as a reduction of sales. 



















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



%&nbsp;Change&nbsp;
from




























437
955



425
175









426
057



556
243























864
012



981
418





































152
133



128
122









53
390



51
599























205
523



179
721



















Snacks segment net sales increased to $438.0 million in fiscal 2013 from $425.2 million in fiscal 2012
Nuts segment net sales decreased to $426.1 million in fiscal 2013
from $556.2 million in fiscal 2012 primarily driven by decreases in volume of 34%
 partially offset by an increase in net price realization. The decline in volume was primarily driven by lower walnut supply
 planned reductions in SKU&#146;s
 and a
Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of snack net sales was
34.7% and 30.1% for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in the Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 reflects an increase in net price realization and a reduction in
Nuts segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 12.5%
and 9.3% for fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The increase in Nuts segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2013 reflects a focus on increasing net price realization
 rationalization of lower performing SKU&#146;s
 and our
cost savings initiatives
Selling
 general and administrative.

 general and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and benefits for sales and administrative personnel
 brokerage
 professional services
 travel
 non-manufacturing depreciation and facility costs. Selling
 general and
administrative expenses were $233.4 million and $130.6 million
 and 27.0% and 13.3% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased for fiscal 2013
 over the prior year period
primarily due to the $96.1 million settlement of the private securities class action case. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 we recorded a $12.1&nbsp;million receivable from insurers which will be used for the cash payment and settlement of other legal
related expenses. The increase was also attributable to higher consulting services and restatement audit fees
 offset in part by lower costs incurred in connection with the audit committee investigation and reversal of previously recorded stock
compensation expenses associated with former executives as compared to prior year. 
 



Advertising expenses were $41.5 million and $37.9 million
 and 4.8% and
3.9% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in advertising expenses for fiscal 2013 was primarily due to increased spending related to the continued support of the Pop Secret and Kettle brands. 
. Acquisition and integration related expenses include items such as transaction
related legal and consulting fees
 as well as business and systems integration costs
 which were primarily associated with the proposed Pringles merger. In fiscal 2013
 there were no acquisition and integration related expenses. In fiscal 2012 we


 and was 1.3% and 1.1% of net sales for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in loss is


 asset impairments were $37.6 million and 4.3% of net sales. In the third fiscal quarter we recorded an impairment charge of $1.6 million associated with customer
contacts and related relationships. In the fourth fiscal quarter
 we determined that the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired and recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge. In fiscal 2012
 asset impairments were $10.1
million and 1.0% of net sales. We recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million in fiscal 2012 associated with Fishers equipment that either was not currently being utilized or was not going to be utilized for its remaining useful life.
Interest expense
 net. 
 and 6.7% and 3.5% of net sales
 for
fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increases were primarily due to higher interest rates and the Oaktree debt. Additionally
 under the Waiver and Third Amendment to our Secured Credit Facility
 (&#147;Third Amendment&#148;) described
below
 the interest rates applicable under the Secured Credit Facility
 defined below


 respectively.&nbsp;The difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate of 35%
in these periods
 is primarily due to the valuation allowance which was provided to reduce United States and state deferred tax assets to amounts considered recoverable and United States and state deferred taxes from Diamond&#146;s long lived
intangibles&#146; amortization. These tax expense impacts were offset by the benefits of income generated in the United Kingdom at lower tax rates and the release of liabilities for uncertain tax positions in the United States. Our fiscal 2013
Our fiscal 2012
effective tax rate was also impacted by discrete tax benefits
 and the conclusion of a tax ruling with the United Kingdom tax authorities. This resulted in a net tax benefit of $5.6 million
 attributable to the reversal of our unrecognized tax
During the three months ended April&nbsp;30
 2012
 we recorded a tax valuation allowance
charge of $27.6&nbsp;million. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 we regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets based on the likelihood that the benefits of the deferred tax assets
would or would not ultimately be realized in future periods. In making this assessment
 significant weight was given to evidence that could be objectively verified such as recent operating results and less consideration was given to less objective
indicators such as future earnings projections.&nbsp;As a result of our most recent evaluation and after consideration of positive and negative evidence
 including the recent history of losses in the current fiscal year
 we evaluated our valuation
allowance for fiscal 2013 and increased the valuation allowance to $99.3&nbsp;million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 from $44.6 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2012. 
 



 

Cash used in operating activities was $102.3 million during fiscal 2014 compared to cash provided by operating activities of $44.3
million during fiscal 2013. The change in cash provided by operating activities to cash used in operating activities is primarily due to the repayment of the Oaktree original issue discount of approximately $50.0 million and the repayment of
payment- in-kind interest on debt of approximately $44.1 million as a result of our third quarter refinancing. This cash change is also due to an increase in working capital primarily as a result of the extinguishment of the warrant liability and
Securities Litigation liability in fiscal 2014. The working capital increase is also attributable to a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and an increase in inventories
 specifically an increase of raw materials on hand as of the
balance sheet date. Cash used in investing activities was $19.1 million during fiscal 2014 compared to $1.9&nbsp;million during fiscal 2013. The increase in cash used in investing activities primarily related to machinery and equipment additions
associated with our standard business operations in the U.S. and U.K. and capitalizable costs associated with our financial system implementation. Cash provided by financing activities was $120.5 million during fiscal 2014 compared to $40.9 million
cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2013. The change to cash provided by financing activities from cash used in financing activities is due to proceeds received from refinanced debt and the Oaktree warrant exercise in fiscal 2014.
Cash provided by operating activities was $44.3 million during fiscal 2013 compared to $46.3 million of cash used in
operating activities during fiscal 2012. The change from cash used in operating activities to cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in inventory largely resulting from a lower walnut supply
 and an increase in
accounts payables and accrued liabilities as result of the settlement of the private securities class action. Additionally
 non-cash reconciling items such as an increase in payment-in-kind interest increased in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal
2012. Cash used in investing activities was $1.9 million during fiscal 2013 compared to cash used in investing activities of $33.9 million during fiscal 2012. The lower cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the completion of our
Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion at the end of fiscal 2012. Cash used in financing activities was $40.9 million during fiscal 2013 compared to $80.7&nbsp;million cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2012. The change from cash
provided by financing activities to cash used in financing activities was primarily due to increased borrowings from the Oaktree investment in fiscal 2012 and net of payments on long-term debt obligations and notes payables. 
At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million was held in the United
Kingdom in foreign currencies.&nbsp;It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working capital and expand operations. Applicable U.S. income taxes have not
been provided on approximately $80.3 million of undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 because these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax liability that would arise if
these earnings were not indefinitely reinvested is approximately $28.1 million. Applicable U.S. income taxes are provided on these earnings in the periods in which they are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. In the event that management
elects for any reason in the future to repatriate some or all of the foreign earnings that were previously deemed to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States
 we would incur additional tax expense upon such repatriation. 


 2014
 we refinanced our debt capital structure.&nbsp;We entered into a 4.5 year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the &#147;ABL Facility&#148;) in an aggregate
principal amount of $125 million
 the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of $415 million
 and issued $230 million in 7.000% Senior Notes due March 2019 (the &#147;Notes&#148;). Pursuant to an agreement dated February&nbsp;9
 2014
(the &#147;Warrant Exercise Agreement&#148;)
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. (a subsidiary of Oaktree) exercised its warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of our common stock at the $10 exercise price per share for $44.2 million
 less a warrant
cash exercise and contractual modification inducement fee of $15 million (the &#147;Warrant Exercise Transaction&#148;). The 
 



 
Warrant Exercise Transaction closed on February&nbsp;19
 2014
 concurrent with the refinancing transactions and we derecognized the warrant liability of approximately $84.1 million on that date.
We used the net proceeds of the Term Loan Facility
 the Notes and the Warrant Exercise Transaction to (1)&nbsp;prepay
approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate the Secured Credit Facility
 (2)&nbsp;prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior Notes
 (3)&nbsp;pay
approximately $32.3 million of prepayment premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 and (4)&nbsp;pay fees related to the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of the definitive documentation for the Term Loan Facility
 the


financing charges. Certain debt issuance costs incurred were expensed to Loss on debt extinguishment based on the portion of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification that arose from certain lenders continued participation in our
refinanced debt structure. Debt issuance costs largely included arrangement fees paid to underwriters
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 consulting fees
 and printing fees. We recorded the current portion of these costs in Prepaid expenses and other
current assets and the non-current portion was recorded in Other long-term assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These amounts will be amortized over the life of the respective new debt agreements. 
We recorded a Loss on debt extinguishment of $83.0 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Of the $83.0&nbsp;million
 we recorded
approximately $70.3 million associated with the Oaktree Senior Notes
 non-cash charges of $10.6 million resulting from the write-off of unamortized Oaktree and Secured Credit Facility transaction costs and fees and $2.1 million in new third party


 which was a portion of the $32.3 million call premium we paid to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes and approximately $41.6 million related to the excess
payout of the Oaktree Senior Notes to account for the difference in the carrying value and actual payout
 which was based on the Oaktree Senior Notes fair value as of the date of refinancing. Of the $32.3 million call premium
 the remaining $3.6


 Kettle Foods obtained
 and we
guaranteed
 a 10-year fixed rate loan (the &#147;Guaranteed Loan&#148;) in the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $8.3 million was outstanding as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. Principal and interest payments are due monthly throughout the term of
the loan. The Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for our Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds were placed in an interest-bearing escrow account and made available as expenditures were approved for reimbursement. As the
cash was used to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash was classified as non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to the lender and was used to pay down the
outstanding loan balance. Also
 as part of the paydown
 we paid a 4% prepayment penalty
 which was recorded in Interest expense


 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured Credit Facility as defined below. The financial covenants within the
Guaranteed Loan were reset to match those in the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility


 on February&nbsp;9
 2014
 we entered into
 and on February&nbsp;19
 2014
 we closed the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its warrant to
purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of our common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification inducement fee of $15.0 million. The warrant was issued to Oaktree
in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;22
 2012 (&#147;Securities Purchase Agreement&#148;)
 
 



 
under which we issued the Oaktree Senior Notes. The $15.0 million inducement fee is included within Warrant exercise fee on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
The Warrant Exercise Agreement provided that so long as Oaktree and/or its affiliates hold at least 10% of our outstanding common stock
Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of our Board of Directors. In addition
 until the later of (a)&nbsp;twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to nominate a member of our Board of Directors or (b)&nbsp;twelve months after
any director nominated by Oaktree under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30% of the outstanding common
stock of Diamond; commence or support any tender offer for our common stock; make or participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce a proposal or
offer concerning any extraordinary transaction with us; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any our securities; take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require us to make a
public announcement regarding the possibility of such an acquisition
 tender offer or proxy solicitation; enter into any agreements with a third party regarding any such prohibited actions; or request us to amend or waive such provisions. Upon the
closing of the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 the Securities Purchase Agreement
 and our obligations thereunder
 terminated. The common stock issued upon exercise of the warrant will be issued in a private placement
pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are covered by a Registration Rights Agreement entered into on May&nbsp;29
 2012 in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
The Term Loan Facility will mature in 4.5 years and will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to
1.0% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility will permit us to increase the term loans
 or add a separate tranche of term loans
 by an
amount not to exceed $100 million plus the maximum amount of additional term loans that we could incur without our senior secured leverage ratio exceeding 4.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such increase or addition. Amounts
 equal to: (i)&nbsp;the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility and subject to a &#147;floor&#148; of 1.00%) plus the applicable margin or (ii)&nbsp;the Base Rate (as
defined in the Term Loan Facility)
 which is the greatest of (a)&nbsp;Credit Suisse&#146;s prime rate
 (b)&nbsp;the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (c)&nbsp;the Eurodollar Rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%
 plus
 in
each case
Loans under the ABL facility would be available
up to a maximum amount outstanding at any one time equal to the lesser of (a)&nbsp;$125 million and (b)&nbsp;the amount of the Borrowing Base
 in each case
 less customary reserves. Under the ABL Facility
 we have a $20 million sublimit for the
issuance of letters of credit
 and a Swing Line Facility of up to $12.5 million for same day borrowings. Borrowing Base is defined as (a)&nbsp;85% of the amount of our eligible accounts receivable; plus (b)&nbsp;the lesser of (i)&nbsp;70% of the
book value of eligible inventory in the US and (ii)&nbsp;85% times the net orderly liquidation value of our eligible inventory in the US; less (c)&nbsp;in each case
 customary reserves. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 there were $6.0 million loans
outstanding under the ABL Facility
 the amount of letters of credit issued under the ABL Facility was $4.9 million and the net availability under the ABL Facility was $92.0 million. 
Under the ABL Facility
 equal to: (i)&nbsp;the Base Rate plus the
applicable margin; or (ii)&nbsp;the LIBOR Rate plus the applicable margin. &#147;Base Rate&#148; means the greatest of (a)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%
 (b)&nbsp;the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an interest period
of 1 month and shall be determined on a daily basis)
 plus 1.00%
 and (c)&nbsp;the rate of interest announced
 from time to time
 by Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its &#147;prime rate.&#148; The LIBOR Rate shall be
available for interest periods of one week or
 one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree
The
Term Loan Facility and ABL Facility provide for customary affirmative and negative covenants. The Term Loan Facility has customary cross default provisions and the ABL Facility contains cross-acceleration

 



 
provisions
 in each case that may be triggered if we fail to comply with obligations under our other credit facilities or indebtedness. The Term Loan Facility has a first priority perfected lien
on substantially all property
 plant and equipment
 capital stock
 intangibles and second priority lien on the ABL Priority Collateral
 subject to customary exceptions. The ABL Facility requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
of 1.1:1 if at any time excess availability is less than 10% of maximum availability; and requires us to apply substantially all cash collections to reduce outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility if excess availability falls below 12.5% of
maximum availability for a period of 5 business days. The ABL Facility is secured by a first-priority lien on accounts receivable
 inventory
 cash and deposit accounts and a second-priority lien on all real estate
 equipment and equity interests of
the Company under
 and guarantors of
The Notes
 which will mature on March&nbsp;15
 2019
 were offered
only to (i)&nbsp;qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&#147;Securities Act&#148;)
 and (ii)&nbsp;to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S of the
Securities Act. The initial issuance and sale of the Notes were not registered under the Securities Act
 and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and the registration or qualification requirements of other applicable securities laws. The terms of the Notes do not provide for registration rights. Interest on the Notes will be payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15
of each year
 commencing September&nbsp;15
 2014. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2016
 we may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a price equal to 103.500% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 with such optional
redemption prices decreasing to 101.750% on and after March&nbsp;15
 2017 and 100.000% on and after March&nbsp;15
 2018. Before March&nbsp;15
 2016
 we may redeem some or all of the Notes at a price equal to 100.000% of the principal amount of the
Notes redeemed
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and the make-whole premium. Before March&nbsp;15
 2016
 we may redeem up to 35% of the Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal
to 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. If we experience a change of control
 we must offer to purchase for cash all or any part of each holder&#146;s Notes at a purchase
price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. The indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued contains customary covenants that
 among other things
 limit our ability and our restricted
subsidiaries&#146; ability to incur additional indebtedness
 make restricted payments
 enter into transactions with affiliates
 create liens
 pay dividends on or repurchase stock
 make specified types of investments
 and sell all or substantially


 the blended interest rate for our consolidated borrowings
 including obligations under our refinanced debt capital structure and excluding the Oaktree Senior Notes
 was 5.43%. For fiscal
2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s consolidated long-term borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt was 6.73%. For fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s short term borrowings was 6.07% and
6.69%
 respectively. As of July
 31




 we entered into an agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600 million secured credit facility (the &#147;Secured Credit Facility&#148;). Our Secured Credit Facility
initially consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved our request for a $35 million increase in the revolving credit facility to $235 million
 under the same
terms. In August 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved our request for a $50 million increase in the revolving credit facility to $285 million
 under the same terms. 
 



The Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement provided for customary
affirmative and negative covenants
 and cross default provisions that could be triggered if we failed to comply with obligations under the other credit facilities or indebtedness. The Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement
included a covenant that restricted the amount of other indebtedness (including capital leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets)
 to no more than $25 million.&nbsp;The accounting treatment for the seven-year equipment lease
for our Salem
 Oregon plant (the &#147;Kettle U.S. Lease&#148;) and the five-year equipment lease for our Norfolk
 United Kingdom plant (the &#147;Kettle U.K. Lease&#148;) caused us to be in default of the covenants limiting other indebtedness.
These defaults were waived
 with respect to the Kettle U.K. Lease on July&nbsp;27
 2012 (&#147;Fourth Amendment&#148;) and with respect to the Kettle U.S. Lease on August&nbsp;23
 2012 (&#147;Fifth Amendment&#148;). Additionally
 the Secured Credit
Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement were each amended to allow us to incur up to $31 million of capital leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets
 which amount was reduced from and after December&nbsp;31
 2013
(a)&nbsp;to $25 million under the Secured Credit Facility and (b)&nbsp;to $27.5 million under the Securities Purchase Agreement. As a result of the refinancing
 as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 we no longer had outstanding obligations under the Secured
In March 2012
 we reached an agreement with our lenders to forbear from seeking any remedies under the
Secured Credit Facility with respect to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with the credit agreement and to amend the credit agreement (&#147;Second Amendment&#148;). Under the amended credit agreement
 we had continued access to our
existing revolving credit facility through a forbearance period (initially through June&nbsp;18
 2012) subject to our compliance with the terms and conditions of the amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the interest rate on
borrowings increased
 which under the credit agreement
 required us to suspend dividend payments to stockholders.&nbsp;In addition
 we paid a forbearance fee of 25 basis points to our lenders. The forbearance period concluded on May&nbsp;29
 2012
In May 2012
 we entered into the
Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&#147;Third Amendment&#148;)
 pursuant to which the revolving credit facility initially was reduced from $285 million to $255&nbsp;million. The Third Amendment provided for subsequent
further reductions in the revolving line of credit in July 2013 and on January&nbsp;31
 2014. In May 2012
 we made a $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the Third Amendment. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on the
term loan facility were $0.9&nbsp;million (due quarterly)
 with the remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility to be repaid on February&nbsp;25
 2015. Substantially all of our tangible and intangible
assets were considered collateral security under the Secured Credit Facility. Additionally
 the Third Amendment which provided for a lower level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with substantial covenant relief. In the second
quarter of fiscal 2013
 these covenants reset from the levels set forth in the Third Amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 declining each quarter ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ended July&nbsp;31
2014
 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included a covenant requiring us to have at least $20 million of cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all times beginning
February&nbsp;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments from $10 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amended the
definition of &#147;Applicable Rate&#148; under the Secured Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the London Interbank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) and the base rate at which loans under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under
the Third Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50% plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and base rate loans bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis
points
 (ii)&nbsp;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&nbsp;Eurodollar Rate plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate was subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the &#147;LIBOR Floor&#148;). The applicable rate would decline
 if and when we were to
achieve reductions in our senior debt to EBITDA ratio
 as defined in the Third Amendment. The Third Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans and waived certain covenants
in connection with our restatement of our consolidated financial statements. As a result of the refinancing noted above
 we have no indebtedness outstanding under the Secured Credit Facility as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. 
 



On May&nbsp;29
 2012
 we received an investment from Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
(&#147;Oaktree&#148;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued Oaktree Senior Notes and a warrant to purchase approximately 4.4&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. The Oaktree Senior Notes would have matured
in 2020 and bore interest at 12%&nbsp;per year that would have been paid-in-kind at our option for the first two years.&nbsp;Oaktree&#146;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&nbsp;1
 2013. On February&nbsp;19
 2014
The Secured Credit Facility provided for customary affirmative and negative covenants and
cross default provisions that would be triggered
 if we failed to comply with obligations under our other credit facilities or indebtedness. As a result of the February&nbsp;19
 2014 debt refinancing
 we no longer have indebtedness outstanding under
the Secured Credit Facility as of July&nbsp;31
Working capital and stockholders&#146; equity were $110.3 million and
$283.8 million at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 compared to ($59.5) million and $170.0 million at July&nbsp;31
 2013. The increase in working capital as compared to prior year was primarily due to the extinguishment of the warrant liability and Securities
Litigation liability in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Additionally
 the increase in working capital is attributable to an increase in inventories. The inventory increase was driven by tree nut cost inflation
 and increases in inventory costs
We believe our cash and cash equivalents
 cash generated from operations
and borrowings available under our ABL Facility will be sufficient to fund our contractual commitments


commitments at July&nbsp;31
 2014 were as follows (in millions): 



































































































































































































































































































1
047.7











































Amounts represent the expected cash interest payments on our long-term debt. Interest on our variable rate debt was forecasted using a LIBOR forward curve analysis as
of July&nbsp;31
 2014. 



Commitments to purchase inventory and equipment. Excludes purchase commitments under Walnut Purchase Agreements due to uncertainty of pricing and quantity
 but includes
payments due for prior year crop deliveries. 







Excludes $0.4 million in deferred rent liabilities. Additionally
 the liability for uncertain tax positions ($1.2&nbsp;million at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 excluding
associated interest and penalties) has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future tax settlements cannot be determined. 
 



 
As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
 as defined in Item&nbsp;303(a) (4) (ii) of SEC Regulation


 corn
 potatoes
 oils and other ingredients. The prices of these
commodities are affected by U.S. and world market conditions and are volatile in response to supply and demand
 as well as political and economic events. The price fluctuations of these commodities do not necessarily correlate with the general
inflation rate. Inflation is likely to however
 adversely affect operating costs such as labor
Recent Accounting
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02

Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#148;
items in net income if the amount being reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity is
required to cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual



 &#147;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward
Exists.&#148; 
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance states
that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early
adoption is permitted. We do not expect to early adopt this guidance and do not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In January 2014

 &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and
Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an entity.&#148;
component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company&#146;s operations and financial results. The
new guidance also requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2014. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect to


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#148; The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of
goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue
that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management
made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be 
 



 
effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently assessing the provisions of the
In
June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 The new guidance provides new criteria for accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a
performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A
as it relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be
achieved. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect to early adopt this guidance and do not believe that the
In August 2014
 the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15
&#148; The new guidance addresses management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an
entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial
statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect to early adopt this guidance and do not believe
that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 





 interest rates on borrowings and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The availability
 size
 quality
 and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including
walnuts
 pecans
 peanuts
 cashews
 almonds
 other nuts
 corn
 potatoes and oils are subject to risks inherent to farming
 such as crop size and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions
 pest and disease problems
 and other
factors beyond our control. Additionally
 our supply of raw materials could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our products have been tampered with
 or that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left
Interest
Rate Risk. 
 which are primarily affected by credit quality and the type of cash equivalents we hold. These
guidelines focus on managing liquidity and preserving principal. Our cash equivalents are primarily held for liquidity purposes and are comprised of high quality investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. With such a short
maturity
The sensitivity of our cash
and cash equivalent portfolio as of July&nbsp;31


 as well as the interest rate we pay on future borrowings under our ABL Facility and Term Loan
Amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility
are expected to bear interest at a rate per annum equal to: (i)&nbsp;the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Term Loan 
 



 
Facility and subject to a &#147;floor&#148; of 1.00%) plus the applicable margin or (ii)&nbsp;the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility). 
The Notes bear fixed rate interest of 7.00%&nbsp;per annum. Interest payments on the Notes are due semi-annually each March&nbsp;15 and
September&nbsp;15. The maturity date of the Notes is March&nbsp;15
 2019. We believe a 100 basis point increase or decrease on our variable interest rates would not be significant. 
We have operations outside the U.S. with foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities
primarily in the United Kingdom. Because we have foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities
 financial exposure may result
 primarily from the timing of transactions and the movement of exchange rates. 
For the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2014 and July&nbsp;31
 2013 due to fluctuations in the British pound
 there was a significant impact on
The foreign currency
balance sheet exposures as of July&nbsp;31


 certain revenues and expenses have been
 and are expected to
be
 subject to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations
 and these fluctuations may have an impact on operating results. 




 



 

Diamond Foods
In our opinion
 the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended present fairly
 in all
material respects
 the financial position of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company did not maintain
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31
 2014

Control&nbsp;&#151; Integrated Framework 
and non-routine transactions existed as of that date. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness referred to above is described in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under
Item&nbsp;9A. We considered this material weakness in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the July&nbsp;31
 2014 consolidated financial statements
 and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in management&#146;s report referred to above. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on
the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits
of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may


October&nbsp;3
 2014 
 



 

Diamond Foods
San Francisco
 California
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash
flows of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in
all material respects
 the results of operations and cash flows of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
San
Francisco
December&nbsp;6


 2013 as to the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012 and the retrospective adjustment to the financial statement disclosures in Note 12
&#150; Segment Reporting for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012). 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 














July&nbsp;31













(In thousands
 except share





















5
318



5
885


Trade receivables
 net


95
505



97
202


Inventories
 net


124
273



115
456





4
154









5
196









9
425



12
562















243
871



231
105


Property
 plant and equipment
 net


131
891



132
225





410
720



401
125


Other intangible assets
 net


392
358



388
084





13
994



19
776















1
192
834



1
172
315




































Current portion of long-term debt
 net


10
088



5
860









58
147





117
677



220
542





5
784



6
096















133
549



290
645


Long-term obligations
 net


637
327



585
077





115
902



103
518





22
256



23
106






















Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5
000
000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding









Common stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100
000
000 shares; 31
824
701 and 22
766
759 shares issued
 31
380
758 and
22
376
406 shares outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively









Treasury stock
 at cost: 443
943 and 390
353 shares at July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013


(12
418



(11
019





594
608



334
310





23
633



4
007





(322
054



(157
352















283
800



169
969















1
192
834



1
172
315












 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended July&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except






865
207



864
012



981
418





656
961



658
489



801
697



















208
246



205
523



179
721
















Selling
 general and administrative


151
315



233
373



130
599





43
336



41
528



37
933













41
334





25
933



11
326



10
360





15
000

















37
560



10
132



















235
584



323
787



230
358



















(27
338



(118
264



(50
637





83
004










Interest expense
 net


51
969



57
925



33
976



















(162
311



(176
189



(84
613





2
391



(16
278



1
723



















(164
702



(159
911



(86
336











































































26
033



21
813



21
692





26
033



21
813



21
692
















 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year ended July&nbsp;31

















(164
702



(159
911



(86
336
















Foreign currency translation adjustments




22
116



(5
878



(11
345


Change in pension liabilities


















(2
122



5
310



(3
018






























Gains and losses on&nbsp;derivatives














































19
626







(13
684



















(145
076



(159
948



(100
020
















 



Net of tax expense of nil and tax benefit of $0.2 million for fiscal 2014 and net of tax expense and tax benefit of nil for fiscal 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.




Net of tax expense and tax benefit of nil for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 



Net of tax expense and tax benefit of nil
 for fiscal 2014
 and 2013
 respectively. Net of tax benefit of $5 thousand and net of tax expense of nil for fiscal 2012.

 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 








































Capital



(accumulated







Equity
















Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2011


22
049
636







(6
867



318
734



90
878



17
728



420
495





1
554





























111
947











9
206











9
206



































(48
896







(2
948















(2
948





















(1
983







(1
983



















































(86
336







(86
336

























(2
920



(2
920

























(11
345



(11
345

























































































(100
020
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2012


22
114
241







(9
815



327
984



2
559



4
044



324
794





125
231











2
097











2
097





209
011











4
229











4
230



































(72
077







(1
204















(1
204

















































































(159
911







(159
911

























5
841



5
841

























(5
878



(5
878

























































































(159
948
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2013


22
376
406







(11
019



334
310



(157
352



4
007



169
969





72
837











1
268











1
268





114
246











7
484











7
484



































(53
590







(1
399















(1
399




































8
870
859











251
546











251
554



















































(164
702







(164
702

























(2
490



(2
490

























22
116



22
116

























































































(145
076
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2014


31
380
758







(12
418



594
608



(322
054



23
633



283
800
































 



Activity represents issuance of 4.45&nbsp;million shares in connection with our securities litigation settlement and the issuance of approximately 4.4&nbsp;million
See notes to
consolidated financial statements. 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended July&nbsp;31




































(164
702



(159
911



(86
336



















31
506



33
525



28
347





2
024



(14
733



8
661





7
484



4
229



9
206





25
933



11
326



10
360





38
136



96
129









52
295













(44
110

















(3
173

















6
406





(3
600













(50
016













2
284













3
403



3
393



6
437





16
906



24
526



3
134













10
132









37
560






Other
 net






1
869




















Trade receivables
 net


5
126



(13
077



12
034


Inventories
 net


(8
268



50
123



(12
330





(1
888



7
929



8
499





5
627



2
821



(9
338





(19
343



(10
091



8
652









(27
620



(42
984













(8
123



















(102
260



44
261



(46
291






























Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


(19
381



(9
352



(44
962


Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment






1
254



1
466









6
091



9
409


Other
 net






























(19
055



(1
870



(33
919






























Borrowings (repayment) of revolving line of credit under the ABL Facility
 net


6
000










Borrowings (repayment) of revolving line of credit under the Secured Credit Facility
 net


(154
000



(28
300



21
000





(8
519



(11
755



(133
160





(181
789













(213
636










Proceeds from Term Loan Facility
 net of original issue discount


412
925













230
000





















218
250





(14
499







(19
279





44
209





















(1
983





(1
399



(1
115



(2
948


Other
 net


1
230







(1
153



















120
522



(40
881



80
727























1
084













2
594























5
885



3
291



3
112



















5
318



5
885



3
291















































21
327



28
789



25
912









(5
863



7
702



















1
413







1
506









4
441



6
441



























6
750


 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 


 2014
(In thousands
 except share and per
share information unless otherwise noted) 
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;Diamond&#148;) is an innovative packaged food company focused on building and energizing brands. Diamond specializes in processing
 marketing and
distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In 2004

<SUP

 Diamond acquired the Pop
 brand of microwave popcorn products
 which provided the Company with increased scale in the snack
market
 significant supply chain economies of scale and cross promotional opportunities with its existing brands. In March 2010
 Diamond acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip markets in the
world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 to
Diamond&#146;s existing portfolio of leading brands in the snack industry. Diamond sells its products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other
Diamond reports its operating results on the basis of a fiscal year that starts
August&nbsp;1 and ends July&nbsp;31. Diamond refers to the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 as &#147;fiscal 2012
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2013&#148; and &#147;fiscal 2014&#148;
 respectively. 


conform to the current period presentation. 
During the preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the
statutory income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million
overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability balance at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. The Company assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with Securities and
Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&nbsp;99
 and concluded that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
No.&nbsp;108


 the Company revised the 2013 consolidated financial statements.

 



The effect of the revision on the line items within the Company&#146;s consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 is as follows: 


















July&nbsp;31
 2013
















(12
957



(3
321



(16
278





(163
232



3
321



(159
911





























































21
813







21
813





21
813







21
813

The effect of the revision on the line items within the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet as of
July&nbsp;31
 2013 is as follows: 


















July&nbsp;31
 2013
















106
767



(3
249



103
518





(160
673



3
321



(157
352





4
079







4
007





166
720



3
249



169
969





1
172
315







1
172
315

The effect of the revision on the line items within the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of cash
flows for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 is as follows: 


















July&nbsp;31
 2013
















(163
232



3
321



(159
911



















(11
412



3
321



(14
733





44
261







44
261

The effect of the revision on the line items within the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of
comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 is as follows: 


















July&nbsp;31
 2013
















(163
232



3
321



(159
911
















Foreign currency translation adjustments




(5
806







(5
878



















(163
197



3
249



(159
948



financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. 
 



On an ongoing basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related to revenue
recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for management&#146;s judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 


 in-shell and ingredient nuts. Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely affect the
Company&#146;s operating results. Sales to the Company&#146;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for approximately
9%
 9% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014




Company&#146;s foreign operations is the applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date and for
revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange rate in effect during the applicable period. The translation adjustments are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#146; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Translation
adjustments recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were $22.1 million and ($5.9) million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and July&nbsp;31
 2013


investment of surplus cash in securities (primarily money market funds) with maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less. Cash equivalents are recognized at fair value. At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3 million in cash and
cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working


 first-out or weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver
their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us
based on our discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will be determined subsequent to
receiving the walnut crop
 the Company estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change could be
significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the inventory is sold through. 
 



Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery


the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements. Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If
no arrangement exists
Research and Development
We expense research and development costs as incurred. Such costs include materials
 equipment
 facilities
personnel
 In fiscal 2014
 we recorded approximately $4.0 million of research and development costs within Selling
 general and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
Management reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 360

 Plant
 and Equipment

The
analysis to determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant judgment that is dependent on internal forecasts
 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates for our business
 the expected life over
which cash flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of these assets exceeds
their carrying value based on management&#146;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased competition or loss of
market share
 product innovation or obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons could result in the recognition of impairment losses. 
For assets to be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates
a review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows
that the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required in this process. 
The Company tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is based on the relief from royalty
method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the brand
 assumed
royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount 
 



 
rate that approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is considered impaired and an impairment loss will be
The
Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as of June&nbsp;30th of each year. As a result of the segment reporting changes in fiscal 2013
 goodwill impairment is now tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as
the operating segments (See Note 12 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail regarding the Company&#146;s reportable segments). The fair value of each reporting unit will be calculated using a blend of the income and
market approach. Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an income approach
 using a
discounted cash flow analysis
 include (i)&nbsp;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&nbsp;forecasted profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration of historical performance and management&#146;s estimate of future performance
 and
(iii)&nbsp;discount rates that are used to calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of
market and capital structure assumptions. The major assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant
change in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the reporting units.&nbsp;Future business results
could significantly impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment existed
 and the size of any such impairment. 

The Company incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions
are made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different assumptions could result in the recognition of differing
amounts of expense over different periods of time. 
The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount the Company accrues for promotion is based on an
estimate of the level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and sales and payment trends with similar


 customer
rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50
 &#147;
 



 
expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $41.5 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012. Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising expenses were $3.1 million
$3.5 million
 and $5.8 million for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. 
Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of


s
&#148; which requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary
differences between the consolidated financial statement and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed periodically to determine if any additional
There are inherent
uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the
applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them accordingly. 
In the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction. Diamond accounted for the
warrant as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records derivative financial instruments at fair value in the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
reporting periods. On a quarterly basis


financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial instruments.
The fair value of the Company&#146;s notes payable and long-term obligations except its Notes at the end of each fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to current
interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments. 
The Company accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance
with ASC 718
.&#148; Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation cost is then amortized on a straight-line
basis over the vesting period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and
forfeiture rates that determine the stock options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical information and judgment regarding 
 



 
market factors and trends. If actual results are not consistent with the Company&#146;s assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the Company may be required to increase or
decrease compensation expense
 which could be material to its results of operations. 
In fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 three members of the Diamond Board of Directors were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond
purchased walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&nbsp;In fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 costs associated with the acquisition of walnuts from these related parties were approximately $18.7 million for the 2013 crop
 $15.5
million for the 2012 crop and $4.7 million for the 2011 crop respectively
 of which $3.5 million and $4.4 million were included in payables as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013


 the FASB issued
ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02
 The new guidance requires an entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out
of accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items in net income if the amount being reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their
entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company adopted this guidance in fiscal 2014 and the adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
In July 2013

 &#147;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss
Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#148; 
 a similar tax
loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated
In January 2014

 &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205)
and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an entity.&#148;
indicates a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company&#146;s operations
and financial results. The new guidance also requires expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2014. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#148; The new guidance provides
new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires
expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the
significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be 
 



 
effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions
of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 
In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 The new
guidance provides new criteria for accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects
vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost
should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &#147;
&#148; The new guidance addresses management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.
Management&#146;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual
reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 
 
In May 2012
 Diamond closed an agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree Capital
Management
 L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes (&#147;Oaktree Senior Notes&#148;) and a warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of Diamond common stock (the &#147;Warrant
Shares&#148;). The warrant was issued to Oaktree in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May&nbsp;22
 2012 (&#147;Securities Purchase Agreement&#148;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior Notes. The warrant was accounted
for as a derivative liability and was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and losses recorded in net income. On February&nbsp;9
 2014
 Diamond entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Oaktree (the &#147;Warrant Exercise
Agreement&#148;)
 which closed on February&nbsp;19
 2014
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise the warrant to purchase the Warrant Shares
 by paying
 in cash
 the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash exercise and
contractual modification inducement fee of $15 million (the &#147;Warrant Exercise Transaction&#148;). The Company re-measured the warrant at fair value on February&nbsp;18
 2014
 the day prior to the completion of the refinancing transaction
 and
recorded a loss of $2.0 million on the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. For fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a total loss of $25.9 million associated with the changes in fair value of the
warrant liability. As a result of the warrant exercise
 the Company no longer has a liability associated with the warrant as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. See Note 4 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact to the Company&#146;s
In July 2012
 the Company entered into an
interest rate cap agreement
 in accordance with Company policy
 to mitigate the impact of LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability. This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and was entered into to
mitigate the interest rate impact of the Company&#146;s variable rate bank debt. The Company accounts for the interest rate cap as a non-hedging derivative. On July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the interest rate cap agreement expired. 
In February 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company policy to
mitigate the market price risk associated with the anticipated raw material purchase requirements
 specifically to mitigate the market price risk of future corn purchases expected to be 
 



 
made by the Company. This agreement had a total notional amount of approximately $0.3 million. These corn call options were sold as of the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company accounts for
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn call options
In January 2014
the Company purchased an additional 164 corn call option commodity derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the anticipated raw material purchase requirements. Specifically to
mitigate the market price risk of future corn purchases expected to be made by the Company. This agreement had a total notional amount of approximately $0.3 million. The Company accounts for commodity derivatives as non-hedging derivatives. In the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company sold 64 corn call option commodity derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income associated with this sale was $0.1 million. As of July
 31
 2014
 the Company had 100 corn call option commodity
The fair values of the Company&#146;s derivative instruments for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 were as
follows: 












































































(58
147























(58
118























(58
118













The effects of the Company&#146;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for
fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were as follows: 










































Selling
&nbsp;general&nbsp;and&nbsp;administrative


















































(25
933



(11
326



(10
360























(26
658



(11
570



(10
221

















ASC 820 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be measured using the following three
levels of inputs: 



July&nbsp;31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. The Company&#146;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring basis was $11 thousand as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 and $29 thousand as of July&nbsp;31
 2013.

 



 
The Company values the commodity derivatives using Level 2 inputs. The notional amount of commodity contracts is calculated utilizing the number of contracts
 as measured in bushels
 multiplied
In August 2013
 the Company obtained

 Securities Litigation
 the Company agreed to pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and
issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased the Company&#146;s stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February 2012. The stock portion of the Securities Settlement was recorded
within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 as a liability and was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and losses recorded in net income until the settlement became effective. The stock portion of the Company&#146;s
Securities Settlement was measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The Company had elected to use the market approach to value the stock portion of the Securities Settlement. The valuation was considered Level 1 due to the use of quoted prices
in an active market for identical assets at the measurement date. The court issued an order granting final approval of the Securities Settlement on January&nbsp;21
 2014
 and the appeal period expired on February&nbsp;20
 2014
 at which time the
Securities Settlement became effective. The value of the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock as of February&nbsp;20
 2014 was $123.3 million
 $85.1 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 and was recorded in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement
 derecognized the liability and insurance receivable associated with the Securities
Settlement
 and on February&nbsp;21
 2014
 issued the 4.45&nbsp;million shares to a settlement fund. See Note 4 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact to the Company&#146;s calculation of earnings per share as a result
The Company performed a final re-measurement of its warrant liability on
February&nbsp;18
 2014 as result of the Warrant Exercise Transaction. The warrant liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis was nil as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 $84.1 million as of February&nbsp;18
 2014
 and $58.1 million as of
July&nbsp;31
 2013. The Company had elected to use the income approach to value the warrant liability and used the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This valuation was considered Level 3 due to the use of certain unobservable inputs. Inputs into
the Black-Scholes model included: remaining term
 stock price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected volatility. The significant Level 3 unobservable inputs previously used in the valuation were expected volatility and the
probability to exchange $75 million of the senior notes for convertible preferred stock upon achievement of certain profitability targets (the &#147;Special Redemption&#148;). The expected volatility used to measure the warrant liability at fair
value was 45.0% and 45.6% as of February&nbsp;18
 2014 and July&nbsp;31
 2013
 respectively. As provided in the Oaktree agreements
 based on the Company&#146;s operating results for the six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption
did not occur. As such
 the probability of Special Redemption was not applicable for the warrant liability valuations performed as of February&nbsp;18
 2014 and July&nbsp;31
 2013. 
The following is a reconciliation of the warrant liability activity
 measured at fair value based on Level 3 inputs in fiscal year 2014
and 2013: 




























(58
147



(46
821















(25
933



(11
326


Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements Settlements


84
080























(58
147












Total amount of gains or (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or (losses)
relating to assets still held at the reporting date






(11
326


 



 
The fair value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet because of the relatively short term nature of these financial instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the 7.000% Senior Notes (the &#147;Notes&#148;) issued during the third
quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company measured the $230.0 million Notes based on level 3 inputs
 and determined the fair value was $228.8&nbsp;million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. The fair value was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology with
unobservable inputs including the market yield and redemption date. The discounted cash flow used a risk adjusted yield to present value the contractual cash flows. Refer to Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
As a result of the refinancing
 the total indebtedness outstanding under the Oaktree Senior Notes
was paid in full in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. See Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the refinancing transaction. 
The following table presents the carrying value and fair value of outstanding Oaktree Senior Notes as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 and
July&nbsp;31
 2013: 






















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



Year Ended July&nbsp;31




































121
266



150
295













89
660



75
147

The fair value of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach. The discounted cash flow
approach used a risk adjusted yield to present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The fair value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. 
 
The Company uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help align employee and director incentives with
stockholders&#146; interests. The 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;) was approved in March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options
 restricted stock
 stock bonuses
 restricted stock units
 and stock appreciation rights. The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers the Plan. A total of 2
500
000 shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan
 and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan is increased by an
In 2005
 the Company began
granting shares of restricted stock and stock options under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest over three
 four or five-year periods. The stock options expire in ten years and vest over three
 four or five years. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
options to purchase 1
495
791 shares of common stock were outstanding
 of which 835
518 were exercisable. At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company had 1
514
563 shares available for future grant under the Plan. 
ASC 718


to the fair value of share-based awards. Beginning with the Company&#146;s adoption of ASC 718 in August 2005
 the fair value of all stock options granted subsequent to August&nbsp;1
 2005 is recognized as an expense in the Company&#146;s statement
of operations
 typically over the related vesting period of the options. The guidance requires use of fair value computed at the date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value of restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based
compensation expense over the vesting period
 generally 
 



 
three
 four or five years from date of grant or award. The Company recorded total stock-based compensation expense of $7.5 million
 $4.1 million
 and $9.2 million for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant
using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected stock price volatilities were estimated based on the Company&#146;s implied historical volatility. The expected term of options granted is based on the simplified method due to the lack of
historical Company information. Forfeiture rates were based on assumptions and historical data to the extent it is available. The risk-free rates were based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes of this valuation
model
Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below for
fiscal: 





















Average expected life
 in years






































The following table summarizes stock option activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012: 

















































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2011


1
771











78
551










































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2012


2
079







































































(1
235
































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013


1
457











4
757




























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2014


1
496











11
078




















Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2012


1
448














Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2013














1
220


Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2014














5
674

The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 was
$12.29
 $7.81
 and $28.50
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $0.6 million
 $0.3 million and $0.1 million
 respectively. The total fair value of options vested during fiscal 2014
 2013
and 2012 was $3.6 million
 $5.4 million and $4.8 million
 respectively. 
 



Changes in the Company&#146;s nonvested options during fiscal 2014 are summarized as
follows: 




























Nonvested at July 31
 2013

















































Nonvested at July 31
 2014


















As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 there was $6.0 million of total unrecognized compensation cost net of
forfeitures related to nonvested stock options
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.2&nbsp;years. Cash received from option exercises was $1.3 million
 $2.0 million and $43 thousand for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 Restricted stock activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is
summarized as follows: 
























































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2011

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2012

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2014


































The total intrinsic value of restricted stock vested in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $2.7 million
 $3.0
million and $7.6 million
As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 there was $5.3 million of unrecognized compensation cost
net of forfeitures related to non-vested restricted stock awards
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4&nbsp;years. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 there was $4.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost net of
forfeitures related to non-vested restricted stock units
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years. Cash received to settle stock awards were $100
 $400
 $100 for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

 



 
ASC 260

&#148;
requiring the inclusion of participating securities
 which have the right to share in dividends
 if declared
 equally with common shareholders. Participating securities are allocated a proportional share of net income determined by dividing total
weighted average participating securities by the sum of total weighted average common shares and participating securities (&#147;the two-class method&#148;). ASC 260 also impacts the determination and reporting of earnings (loss) per share by
requiring inclusion of the impact of changes in fair value of warrant liabilities
 such as the Oaktree warrant liability described in Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Including these participating securities and changes
in warrant liability in the Company&#146;s earnings per share calculation has the effect of reducing earnings and increasing losses on both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. 




















Year Ended July&nbsp;31































(164
702



(159
911



(86
336

































(164
702



(159
911



(86
336















































(164
702



(159
911



(86
336

































26
033



21
813



21
692

































26
033



21
813



21
692































































495
791
 1
457
076
 and 2
079
535 shares of common stock were outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Because the Company was in a loss position for fiscal
2014
 2013 and 2012
 stock options and restricted stock units outstanding were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per share because their effect would be antidilutive. Additionally
 as the Company was in a loss position and the change in
the fair value of the warrant liability resulted in a loss for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012


685
 978
024
 and 776
184
 shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 because their


 2014 the court issued an order granting final approval of the Securities Settlement and the appeal period expired on February&nbsp;20
 2014
 at which time the Securities Settlement
became effective. On February&nbsp;21
 2014 the Company issued the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund pursuant to the terms of the approved Securities Settlement. Accordingly
 the 4.45&nbsp;million shares were included in
the computation of basic and diluted loss per share calculation beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. 
 



On February&nbsp;19
 2014
 the Company closed the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 pursuant to
which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification
inducement fee of $15.0 million. Accordingly
 the 4
420
859 shares were included in the computation of basic and diluted loss per share calculation beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. 
 
 




























Balance as of August&nbsp;1
 2012
























403
158



























403
158















































(2
033







(2
033
















Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
















328
490



72
635



401
125



















328
490



72
635



401
125
















Balance as of August&nbsp;1
 2013
















328
490



72
635



401
125



















328
490



72
635



401
125















































9
595







9
595






























Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
















338
085



72
635



410
720



















338
085



72
635



410
720








































266
603



297
577















163
600



157
838












Total other intangible assets
 gross


430
203



455
415

























(37
845



(29
771



















(36
000









(1
560












Total other intangible assets
 net


392
358



388
084












 



Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense in each of the five succeeding years will
amount to approximately $8.2 million. For fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the amortization period for identifiable intangible assets was approximately 20 years with amortization expense of approximately $8.1 million
 $8.0 million and $8.0 million
recognized
The Company also performed its 2014 annual impairment test of goodwill and non-amortizing
intangible assets required by ASC 350 as of June&nbsp;30
 2014. There was no goodwill impaired during fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012. In fiscal 2013
 the Company determined that the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired based on
a decrease in forecasted future revenues. The Company recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset impairment line on the consolidated statement of operations. The inputs used to measure the fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
were largely unobservable
 and accordingly
 this measure was classified as Level 3. The fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name was estimated based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming
royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates the
estimated cost of capital. The unobservable inputs used in this valuation included projected revenue growth rates
 royalty rates
 and the discount rate. The Company used a discount rate of 11%. 
In fiscal 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of $1.6 million
 within Asset impairments
 associated
with customer contacts and related relationships. This impairment charge represents a write down of the total net book value of the intangible asset as of April&nbsp;30
 2013
 and is included within the Nuts reportable segment. This impairment
charge was recognized as a result of management&#146;s decision to cease production and shipment of products with the brand associated with these customer contracts and related relationships. 
 
 




























369
454









210
926





8
333



10
557





6
000









230
000






Term Loan Facility
 net


403
082



















647
415



590
937





(10
088



(5
860















637
327



585
077











The Company determined that the Guaranteed Loan line item was understated by $2.2 million and the Secured
Credit Facility line item was overstated by the same amount in the above disclosure as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. Total long-term debt
 total outstanding debt and the total current portion of debt were presented correctly. The Company assessed the
materiality of this correction
 concluded that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements and revised the July&nbsp;31
 2013 balances to correct the presentation. 
As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is presented net of an unamortized discount of $0.5 million related to
the Term Loan Facility&#146;s stated original issue discount of $2.0 million. The non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of an unamortized discount of $1.4 million. 
Additionally


lenders that participated in the Company&#146;s refinanced debt structure both prior to and after the 
 



 
restructuring
 it was determined that a portion of the debt refinancing was considered to be a debt modification. Accordingly
 the Company recorded approximately $3.6 million
 of the Oaktree call
premium that is associated with the modified debt (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is presented net of these unamortized creditor fees of $0.8 million and the
In accordance with
the guidance
 approximately $5.2 million related the Company&#146;s previous original issue discount on the Oaktree Notes was also determined to be associated with the modified debt (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As of
July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is presented net of this unamortized discount of $1.1 million and the non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of $3.6 million. 
These balances are presented on the Company&#146;s Consolidated Balance Sheets as a contra-debt liability and will be amortized within
Interest expense
Net
interest expense for fiscal 2014
 2013
&nbsp;&amp; 2012: 






























14
455



29
811



27
857





18
510



26
375



6
163

































7
672













9
897



































(1
673









1
452




















Interest expense
 net


51
969



57
925



33
976















Annual maturities of long-term debt as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 are as follows: 












6
486





6
604





6
729





5
114





626
325

















651
258














 2014
 the Company refinanced its debt capital structure.&nbsp;The Company entered into a 4.5&nbsp;year senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the &#147;ABL
Facility&#148;) in an aggregate principal amount of $125 million
 a 4.5 year senior secured term loan facility (the &#147;Term Loan Facility&#148;) in an aggregate principal amount of $415 million
 and issued $230 million in 7.000% Senior Notes due
March 2019 (the &#147;Notes&#148;). Pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. (a subsidiary of Oaktree) exercised its warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of Diamond&#146;s common stock at the $10 exercise price
per share for $44.2 million
 less a warrant cash exercise and contractual modification inducement fee of 
 



 
$15&nbsp;million. The Warrant Exercise Transaction closed on February&nbsp;19
 2014
 concurrent with the refinancing transactions and the Company derecognized the warrant liability of
Diamond used the net proceeds of the Term Loan Facility
 the Notes and the Warrant
Exercise Transaction to (1)&nbsp;prepay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit Facility
 (2)&nbsp;prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the
Oaktree Senior Notes
 (3)&nbsp;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 and (4)&nbsp;pay fees related to the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of the definitive documentation
for the Term Loan Facility


2014 debt refinancing. $2.1 million of these debt issuance costs were expensed to Loss on debt extinguishment based on the portion of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification for those lenders that had continued participation in the
Company&#146;s refinanced debt structure. The remaining $14.5 million debt issuance costs were recorded as deferred financing charges and will be amortized over the life of the respective new debt agreements into Interest expense
 net. Debt issuance
costs largely included arrangement fees paid to underwriters
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 consulting fees
 and printing fees. The Company recorded the current portion of these costs in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and the non-current
In accordance with ASC
470-50-40-2
 the Company recorded a Loss on debt extinguishment of $83.0 million in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Of the $83.0 million
approximately $70.3 million related to the extinguishment of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 $10.6 million related to non-cash charges resulting from write-offs of unamortized transaction costs and fees
 and $2.1 million related to new third party debt
The $70.3 million included $28.7 million related to the prepayment premium associated with the extinguished
debt that the Company paid to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes and approximately $41.6&nbsp;million related to the difference between the net carrying value and the repayment price of the Oaktree Senior Notes. The Company originally recorded
the Oaktree Senior Notes at an amount that was $43.2 million lower than the contractual repayment amount due to the allocation of proceeds of $36.5 million to the Oaktree warrant and an original issue discount of $6.7&nbsp;million. Subsequently
additional discount of $6.8&nbsp;million was created related to the paid-in-kind interest that was added to the debt. The Company also paid a total call premium of $32.3 million of which $3.6 million related to the portion of the refinancing that
was considered a debt modification and accordingly the Company recorded a contra-debt liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining call premium of $28.7 million was recorded as a Loss on debt extinguishment in the third quarter of
fiscal 2014. 

















28
660





41
631





8
635





2
011


New transaction costs &#151; Term Loan
 ABL
High Yield Notes


2
067











83
004









 Kettle Foods entered into
 and Diamond guaranteed
 a 10-year fixed rate guaranteed loan (the &#147;Guaranteed Loan&#148;) in the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $8.3 million
was outstanding as 
 



 
of July&nbsp;31
 2014. Principal and interest payments were due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for the Beloit
 Wisconsin plant
expansion. Borrowed funds were placed in an interest-bearing escrow account and were made available as expenditures were approved for reimbursement. As the cash was used to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash was classified as
non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan balance. Also
 as part of the paydown
 the Company paid a 4% prepayment
penalty
 which was recorded in Interest expense
The Guaranteed Loan provides for customary affirmative and negative
covenants
 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured Credit Facility
 as defined below. The financial covenants within the Guaranteed Loan were reset to match those in the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility
 as
Additionally
 on February&nbsp;19
 2014
 Diamond closed the Warrant Exercise Agreement
pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual
modification inducement fee of $15.0 million. The warrant was issued to Oaktree in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;22
 2012 (&#147;Securities Purchase Agreement&#148;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior


 Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of
Diamond&#146;s Board of Directors. In addition
 until the later of (a)&nbsp;twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to nominate a member of Diamond&#146;s Board of Directors or (b)&nbsp;twelve months after any director nominated by
Oaktree under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30% of the outstanding common stock of Diamond; commence
or support any tender offer for Diamond common stock; make or participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce a proposal or offer concerning any
extraordinary transaction with Diamond; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any Diamond securities; take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require Diamond to make a public
announcement regarding the possibility of such an acquisition
 tender offer or proxy solicitation; enter into any agreements with a third party regarding any such prohibited actions; or request Diamond to amend or waive such provisions. Upon the
closing of the transactions contemplated by the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 the Securities Purchase Agreement
 and Diamond&#146;s obligations thereunder
 terminated. The common stock issued upon exercise of the warrant will be issued in a private
placement pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are covered by a Registration Rights Agreement entered into on May&nbsp;29
 2012 in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement. 
The Term Loan Facility will mature in 4.5 years and will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to
1.0% of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility will permit the Company to increase the term loans
 or add a separate tranche of term
loans
 by an amount not to exceed $100&nbsp;million plus the maximum amount of additional term loans that the Company could incur without its senior secured leverage ratio exceeding 4.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such
 equal to: (i)&nbsp;the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility and subject to a &#147;floor&#148; of 1.00%) plus the applicable margin
or (ii)&nbsp;the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility)
 which is the greatest of (a)&nbsp;Credit Suisse&#146;s prime rate
 (b)&nbsp;the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and (c)&nbsp;the Eurodollar Rate for an interest period of one
month plus 1.00%
 plus
 in each case
 the applicable margin to be agreed with the lenders party thereto. 
 



Loans under the ABL facility would be available up to a maximum amount outstanding at any
one time equal to the lesser of (a)&nbsp;$125 million and (b)&nbsp;the amount of the Borrowing Base
 in each case
 less customary reserves. Under the ABL Facility
 the Company has a $20 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit
 and a
Swing Line Facility of up to $12.5 million for same day borrowings. Borrowing Base is defined as (a)&nbsp;85% of the amount of the Company&#146;s eligible accounts receivable; plus (b)&nbsp;the lesser of (i)&nbsp;70% of the book value of eligible
inventory in the US and (ii)&nbsp;85% times the net orderly liquidation value of Diamond&#146;s eligible inventory in the US; less (c)&nbsp;in each case


 equal to: (i)the LIBOR Rate plus the applicable margin;&nbsp;or (ii)&nbsp;the Base rate plus applicable
margin. &#147;LIBOR Rate&#148; means the rate per annum equal to (i)&nbsp;the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration Ltd. LIBOR Rate (&#147;ICE LIBOR&#148;)
 at approximately 11:00 a.m.
 London time
 two Business Days prior to the
commencement of the requested Interest Period.&#147;Base Rate&#148; means the greatest of (a)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%
 (b)&nbsp;the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an interest period of 1 month and shall be
determined on a daily basis)
 plus 1.00%
 and (c)&nbsp;the rate of interest announced
 from time to time
 by Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its &#147;prime rate&#148;. The LIBOR Rate shall be available for interest periods
of one week or
 one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree
 twelve months. &#147;Applicable Margin&#148; means
 as of any date of determination and with respect to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate Loans
 as applicable
 the applicable


cross-acceleration provisions
 in each case that may be triggered if Diamond fails to comply with obligations under its other credit facilities or indebtedness. The Term Loan Facility has a first priority perfected lien on substantially all
property
 plant and equipment
 capital stock
 intangibles and second priority lien on the ABL Priority Collateral
 subject to customary exceptions. The ABL Facility requires Diamond to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.1:1 if at
any time excess availability is less than 10% of maximum availability; and requires Diamond to apply substantially all cash collections to reduce outstanding borrowings under the ABL Facility if excess availability falls below 12.5% of maximum
availability for a period of five business days. The ABL Facility is secured by a first-priority lien on accounts receivable
 inventory
 cash and deposit accounts and a second-priority lien on all real estate
 equipment and equity interests of the
Company under
 and guarantors of
The Notes
 which will mature on March&nbsp;15
 2019
 were offered only to
(i)&nbsp;qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&#147;Securities Act&#148;)
 and (ii)&nbsp;to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S of the Securities
Act. The initial issuance and sale of the Notes were not registered under the Securities Act
 and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act and the registration or qualification requirements of other applicable securities laws. The terms of the Notes do not provide for registration rights. Interest on the Notes will be payable on March&nbsp;15 and September&nbsp;15 of
each year
 commencing September&nbsp;15
 2014. On or after March&nbsp;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a price equal to 103.500% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 with such optional
redemption prices decreasing to 101.750% on and after March&nbsp;15
 2017 and 100.000% on and after March&nbsp;15
 2018. Before March&nbsp;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem some or all of the Notes at a price equal to 100.000% of the principal amount of
the Notes redeemed
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date and the make-whole premium. Before March&nbsp;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem up to 35% of the Notes with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption
price equal to 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. If Diamond experiences a change of control
 Diamond must offer to purchase for cash all or any part of each holder&#146;s
Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. The indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued contains customary covenants that
 among other things
 limit Diamond&#146;s
ability and Diamond&#146;s restricted subsidiaries&#146; ability to incur additional indebtedness
 make restricted payments
 
 



 
enter into transactions with affiliates
 create liens
 pay dividends on or repurchase stock
 make specified types of investments
 and sell all or substantially all of their assets or merge with
For fiscal 2014
the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s consolidated long-term borrowings; including obligations under the Company&#146;s refinanced debt capital structure was 5.43%. For fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s
consolidated long-term borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt was 6.73%. For fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s short-term borrowings was 6.07% and 6.69%
 respectively. As of July&nbsp;31 2014
 the Company
Debt Before Refinancing
The following is a description of the Company&#146;s debt outstanding before the refinancing described above in
In February 2010
 Diamond entered into an
agreement (the &#147;Secured Credit Agreement&#148;) with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600 million secured credit facility (the &#147;Secured Credit Facility&#148;). Diamond&#146;s Secured Credit Facility initially consisted of a $200
million revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&#146;s request for a $35 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August
2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&#146;s request for a $50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285 million


 and cross default provisions that could be triggered if we failed to comply
with obligations under the other credit facilities or indebtedness. The Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement included a covenant that restricted the amount of other indebtedness (including capital leases and purchase money
obligations for fixed or capital assets)
 to no more than $25 million.&nbsp;The accounting treatment for the seven-year equipment lease for our Salem
 Oregon plant (the &#147;Kettle U.S. Lease&#148;) and the five-year equipment lease for our
Norfolk
 United Kingdom plant (the &#147;Kettle U.K. Lease&#148;) caused us to be in default of the covenants limiting other indebtedness. These defaults were waived
 with respect to the Kettle U.K. Lease on July&nbsp;27
 2012 (&#147;Fourth
Amendment&#148;) and with respect to the Kettle U.S. Lease on August 23
 2012 (&#147;Fifth Amendment&#148;). Additionally
 the Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement were each amended to allow us to incur up to $31 million of
capital leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets
 which amount was reduced from and after December&nbsp;31
 2013 (a)&nbsp;to $25 million under the Secured Credit Facility and (b)&nbsp;to $27.5 million under the Securities
Purchase Agreement. As a result of the refinancing
 as of July&nbsp;31


 Diamond reached an agreement with its lenders to forbear from seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with respect to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with
the credit agreement and to amend the credit agreement (&#147;Second Amendment&#148;). Under the amended credit agreement
 Diamond had continued access to its existing revolving credit facility through a forbearance period (initially through
June&nbsp;18
 2012) subject to Diamond&#146;s compliance with the terms and conditions of the amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the interest rate on borrowings increased.&nbsp;The credit agreement required Diamond to suspend
dividend payments to stockholders.&nbsp;In addition
 Diamond paid a forbearance fee of 25 basis points to its lenders. The forbearance period concluded on May&nbsp;29
 2012
 when Diamond closed agreements to recapitalize its balance sheet with an
In May 2012
 Diamond entered into the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (the
&#147;Third Amendment&#148;)
 pursuant to which the revolving credit facility initially was reduced from $285 million to $255 million. The Third Amendment provided for subsequent further reductions in the revolving line of credit in

 



 
July 2013 and on January&nbsp;31
 2014. In May 2012
 Diamond made a $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the Third Amendment. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on
the term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with the remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the revolving credit facility to be repaid on February&nbsp;25
 2015. Substantially all of the Company&#146;s tangible and
intangible assets were considered collateral security under the Secured Credit Facility. Additionally
 the Third Amendment provided for a lower level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with substantial covenant relief. In the
second quarter of fiscal 2013
 these covenants reset from the levels set forth in the Third Amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio declining each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 
1.00 in the quarter ended July&nbsp;31
 2014
 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included a
covenant requiring that Diamond have at least $20 million of cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all times beginning February&nbsp;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan
facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments from $10 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amended the definition of &#147;Applicable Rate&#148; under the Secured Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the
London Interbank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) and the base rate at which loans under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under the Third Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50% plus the LIBOR for the
applicable loan period
 and base rate loans bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points
 (ii)&nbsp;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&nbsp;Eurodollar Rates plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate was
subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the &#147;LIBOR Floor&#148;). The applicable rate would decline
 if and when Diamond was to achieve reductions in its ratio of senior debt to EBITDA
 as defined in the Third Amendment. The Third
Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans
 and waived certain covenants in connection with Diamond&#146;s restatement of its consolidated financial statements. As a
result of the refinancing noted above
 the Company had no indebtedness outstanding under the Secured Credit Facility as of July&nbsp;31


 2012
 Diamond received an investment from Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued Oaktree Senior
Notes and a warrant to purchase approximately 4.4&nbsp;million shares of Diamond common stock. The Oaktree Senior Notes would have matured in 2020 and bore interest at 12%&nbsp;per year that would have been paid-in-kind at Diamond&#146;s option for
the first two years.&nbsp;Oaktree&#146;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&nbsp;1
 2013. On February&nbsp;19
 2014


credit facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company&#146;s senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio (&#147;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&#148;)
 as defined in the Third Amendment
 will be limited to no more than
4.70 to 1.00 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00. The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ended July&nbsp;31
 2014. 
 
 
























40
503



30
918





24
946



28
058





61
117



58
577















126
566



117
553





(2
293



(2
097












Inventories
 net


124
273



115
456












 



Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of July&nbsp;31:
























64
673



75
833









96
129





13
364



16
087





22
638



18
883





4
706



9
160





7
336









2
620



2
306





2
340



2
035















117
677



220
542
















(8) Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following as of July&nbsp;31: 
























11
622



9
823





59
260



56
745


Machinery
 equipment and software


217
159



214
294





16
368



2
024





16
678



14
420















321
087



297
306





(184
088



(163
145





(5
108



(1
936












Property
 plant and equipment
 net


131
891



132
225















Gross amounts of assets recorded under capital leases represent machinery
 equipment and software as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and July&nbsp;31
 2013.
For fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 depreciation expense was $23.4 million
 $25.6 million and $20.3 million
During fiscal 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold and building improvement
assets at the Fishers facility. Refer to Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility closure. 
 
On October&nbsp;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its manufacturing operations within the Nuts
reportable segment
 and to close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&#146;s facility in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset impairment charges of
$10.1 million associated with Fishers equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis. Within selling
general and administrative expenses
 the Company recorded severance expenses of $1.2 million related to Fishers employees in fiscal 2013 and made payments of $1.0&nbsp;million related to severance expenses in fiscal 2013. 
 



In fiscal 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold and building
improvement assets at the Fishers facility to correspond with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded additional depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses. In the third quarter of
fiscal 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of $1.6 million
 within asset impairments in the Company&#146;s Consolidated Statement of Operations
 associated with customer contracts and related relationships. This
impairment charge represented a write down of the total net book value of the intangible asset as of April&nbsp;30
 2013
 within the Nuts reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized in conjunction with the Fishers facility closure
because certain products were no longer being produced and therefore would not generate future cash flows after the closure of this facility. In fiscal 2013
 the Company also classified approximately $0.7 million of assets as held for sale. The
In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company
recorded an additional charge of $4.9 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease obligations in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 when the cease-use date occurred
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses. This charge
included an estimate of sublease rental income. The future cash lease and maintenance related payments made by the Company will reduce this liability. In the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to sublease a portion
of the Fishers facility. Accordingly
 the Company updated the assumptions used to arrive at the Fishers facility future lease obligation for the sublease rental income and determined no adjustment was considered necessary to the liability that was
As of July 31
 2014 the Company has outstanding $3.4 million associated with the Fishers
facility future lease obligation. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers facility was complete. 
 
The components of loss before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows for the fiscal years ended
July&nbsp;31: 






























(142
026



(152
337



(65
182





(20
285



(23
852



(19
431



















(162
311



(176
189



(84
613















Income tax expense/(benefit) consisted of the following for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31:

















































(1
379



(2
388



























(5
363























(1
545



(6
938

































2
843



(9
231

















13
624





(1
258



(4
762



(4
195



















2
024



(14
733



8
661



















2
391



(16
278



1
723















 



A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to Diamond&#146;s effective
income tax rate is as follows for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31: 






























(56
809



(61
666



(29
615


State tax
 net of federal benefit










9
580





(9
756



(9
106



(9
727









(1
458



(6
382



















1
729













17
955



7
610



7
582









(3
321



(2
453



















47
682



52
124



31
937

































2
391



(16
278



1
723















Applicable U.S. income taxes have not been provided on approximately $80.3&nbsp;million of undistributed
earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 because these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax liability that would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely reinvested is approximately


 realized tax benefits in excess of tax benefits recognized in net earnings are recorded as increases to additional paid-in capital. Excess tax
benefits realized and recorded to additional paid-in capital was nil for fiscal 2014 and 2013. The Company has unrecorded excess stock option tax benefits of $1.7 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 which will be credited to additional paid-in-capital
when such amounts reduce cash taxes payable. 
 



The tax effect of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise to deferred
tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as of July&nbsp;31: 

































2
103



















5
053



1
952





2
629



2
085



















36
654





2
381



2
222





5
934



5
194





1
563









7
865



8
346





148
401



72
044





1
914



1
136















178
125



130
985





(150
845



(99
306












Deferred tax assets
 net of valuation allowance


27
280



31
679

























(2
875



(2
541





(116
867



(111
259









(3
813





(8
822



(7
602





(9
337



(12
365





(1
630



















(139
531



(138
328















(112
251



(106
649

























20
467



5
285





(16
313



(8
416















4
154



(3
131















1
947









(2
451

















































16
179



(12
628





(132
081



(90
890















(115
902



(103
518











Valuation allowances have been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts considered recoverable.
The Company&#146;s valuation allowance was $150.8 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and $99.3 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. In third quarter of fiscal 2012
 as a result of cumulative losses
 the Company concluded that a valuation allowance was
required on certain US and state deferred tax assets (principally NOL&#146;s and California Enterprise 
 



 
Zone credits) because it was management&#146;s assessment that it was no longer more likely than not that those assets could be realized. The valuation allowances may be reversed in a future


 2014
 the Company had $384.4 million of cumulative federal tax loss carryforwards and $315.7 million of cumulative state tax loss carryforwards. The federal loss carry forward will
expire in fiscal 2032 if not used prior to that time. The state tax loss carryforwards will expire beginning fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2034. As a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718
 the table of deferred tax asset and deferred
tax liabilities shown above does not include certain deferred tax assets as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 that arose directly from tax deductions related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized for financial reporting.
Stockholders&#146; equity will be increased by $1.7 million if and when such deferred tax assets are ultimately realized. The Company uses tax ordering rules for purposes of determining when excess tax benefits have been realized. 
Additionally
 at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company had state tax credit carryforwards consisting of $13.1 million of California Enterprise
Zone Credits which begin to expire in fiscal 2023
 and $0.2 million of California Research and Development Credits





























Balance
 beginning of year


3
544



3
927



14
260



















































1
125









(1
080



(2
392



(11
210












































Balance
 end of year


2
960



3
544



3
927















Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at July&nbsp;31
 2014
 July&nbsp;31
 2013 and
July&nbsp;31
 2012
 respectively
 are potential benefits of $0.6 million
 $0.7 million
 and $0.6 million respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate on earnings. 
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company
recognized $0.1 million
 $(0.1) million
 and $(34) thousand
 net of federal benefit
 in interest and $2 thousand
 in penalties associated with uncertain tax positions for each fiscal year 2014
 2013
 and 2012. The Company has accrued approximately
$0.2 million
 $0.2 million
 and $0.2 million in interest and $0.1 million
 $0.1 million
 and $0.1 million in penalties for each fiscal year 2014
 2013


 2014
 audit resolutions
 expirations of statute of limitations
 and filing the amended returns could potentially reduce total unrecognized tax benefits by up
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various states
 local and foreign
jurisdictions
 primarily in the United Kingdom. The Company&#146;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2013 and the Company&#146;s United Kingdom tax returns for fiscal 2011 through 2013 remain open to
examination. 
 



 
In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation 
In fiscal 2012
 putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
 San Francisco
County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond and naming certain executive officers and the members of Diamond&#146;s board of directors as individual defendants. These lawsuits
 which related principally to the Company&#146;s accounting for certain
payments to walnut growers in fiscal 2010 and 2011

 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of
control and gross mismanagement. Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a proposed settlement and the court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement on August&nbsp;19
 2013. On&nbsp;September&nbsp;23
 2013
 a
Notice of Appeal from the order granting final approval was filed by a single stockholder. No date for this hearing on this appeal has been scheduled. The Company will continue to incur costs associated with this action
 and
 depending on the
ultimate outcome
 could continue to do so
 and management&#146;s attention may be diverted to this matter. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 2014
 Deena Klacko first filed a putative class action against Diamond in the Southern District of Florida
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in the Company&#146;s TIAS
tortilla chip product were not natural and seeking damages and injunctive relief. The lawsuit alleged five causes of actions alleging violations of Florida&#146;s Deceptive and Unfair Trade Practices Act
 negligent misrepresentation
 breach of
implied warranty for particular purpose
 breach of express warranty and the Magnuson-Warranty Act. The complaint seeks to certify a class of Florida consumers who purchased TIAS tortilla chips since January&nbsp;3
 2010. On January&nbsp;9
 2014
Dominika Surzyn brought a similar class action against Diamond relating to our TIAS tortilla chips in federal court for the Northern District of California. Surzyn purports to represent a class of California consumers who purchased said Kettle TIAS
products since January&nbsp;9
On April&nbsp;2
 2014
 Richard Hall filed a putative class action against the Company in
San Francisco Superior Court
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in the Company&#146;s Kettle Brand chips and TIAS Tortilla Chips are not natural and seeking damages and injunctive relief. The complaint purports to assert seven causes of
action for alleged violations of California&#146;s Business and Profession&#146;s Code
 California&#146;s Consumer Legal Remedies Act and for restitution based on quasi-contract/unjust enrichment. Plaintiff purports to bring this action on his own
behalf
 as well as on behalf of all consumers in the United States
 or alternatively
 California
 within four years of the filing of the complaint who purchased certain of Diamond&#146;s Kettle Brand Chips or Kettle Brand TIAS tortilla chips.
The Company denies all allegations in these cases. Following mediation and settlement discussions among plaintiffs&#146;
counsel in Klacko
 Surzyn and Hall
 the parties entered into a settlement agreement
 and it is expected that they will resolve all claims on a nationwide basis and include: Diamond to take certain injunctive relief measures to confirm labeling
 to a
charity as a food donation. The settlement is subject to court approval and the plaintiffs intend to file preliminary approval papers. The Company has recognized the related settlement charges within the consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2014. The Company cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits
 and an unfavorable outcome in excess of amounts recognized as of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 with respect to one or more of these proceedings could have a material
Other

 



The Company does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or
resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible
resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&#146;s financial position
 results of operations and
At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company had $4.9 million of letters of credit outstanding related to normal business
Operating lease expense for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and
2012 were $5.4 million
 $5.3 million and $5.5 million
At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under
non-cancelable operating leases (primarily for real property) were as follows: 
















4
683





4
054





3
730





3
597





3
518





8
508











28
090







At July&nbsp;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable capital leases (primarily for real
property) were as follows: 
















3
195





3
195





3
108





1
503























12
466





(1
540











10
926








 
The Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker (&#147;CODM&#148;) changed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
and in the second quarter of fiscal 2013 there was a change in the information used by the CODM to make decisions about the allocation of resources and the assessment of performance. As a result
 during the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company
changed its operating and reportable segments. The Company previously had one operating segment and one reportable segment; it now aggregates its five operating segments into two reportable segments based on similarities between: economic
characteristics
 nature of the products
 production process
 type of customer
 methods of distribution
 and regulatory environment. The Company&#146;s two reportable segments are Snacks and Nuts. The Snacks reportable segment predominately includes
products sold under Kettle U.S.
 Kettle U.K. and Pop Secret. The Nuts reportable segment predominantly includes products sold under Emerald and Diamond of California. 
 



The Company evaluates the performance of its segments based on net sales and gross profit.
Gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of sales. The Company&#146;s CODM does not receive or utilize asset information to evaluate performance of operating segments
 so asset-related information has not been presented. The accounting
policies of the Company&#146;s segments are the same as those described in the summary of critical accounting policies set forth in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations.&#148; 
The Company&#146;s net sales and gross profit by segment for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: 



















Year ended July&nbsp;31































473
736



437
955



425
175





391
471



426
057



556
243



















865
207



864
012



981
418

































168
568



152
133



128
122





39
678



53
390



51
599



















208
246



205
523



179
721















Net sales by channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows: 



















Year Ended July&nbsp;31

















473
736



437
955



425
175





331
074



365
178



473
402



















804
810



803
133



898
577



















38
558



37
993



51
208





21
839



22
886



31
633



















60
397



60
879



82
841



















865
207



864
012



981
418















The geographic distributions of the Company&#146;s net sales for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31 were
as follows: 






























648
664



659
110



754
966





150
767



134
557



141
670





65
776



70
345



84
782



















865
207



864
012



981
418















Europe sales primarily include sales of Kettle Brand chip products produced in the United Kingdom and
The geographic distributions
of the Company&#146;s long-lived assets as of July&nbsp;31 were as follows: 























99
677



103
364





32
214



28
861















131
891



132
225












 



 
 




















































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012

















Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013

















Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014



































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012






44
632







44
632


Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013


44
632



54
674







99
306


Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014


99
306



51
539







150
845






 
Diamond provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors one defined benefit pension plan. The defined benefit plan is a
qualified plan covering all bargaining unit employees. Diamond uses a July&nbsp;31 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are held in trust and primarily include mutual funds and money market accounts. Any employee who joined the Company after
January&nbsp;15
 1999 is not entitled to retiree medical benefits. The nonqualified plan was terminated in fiscal 2013 and all benefits were distributed in December 2012. There are no obligations as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. 
In March 2010
 the Company determined that the defined benefit pension plan for the bargaining unit employees would be frozen at
July&nbsp;31
 2010 in conjunction with the execution of a new union contract. This amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 715
 &#147;















































21
203



30
637



1
758



1
996



























































2
590



(4
366

















(5
976































24
147



21
203



1
922



1
758

































































15
787



14
671













1
661



1
652

















5
440



































(5
976































16
817



15
787































(7
330



(5
416



(1
922



(1
758




















 



Assets (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at July&nbsp;31 consisted
of: 































































(7
330



(5
416



(1
786



(1
612























(7
330



(5
416



(1
922



(1
758



















Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as of July&nbsp;31 consisted of:














































7
444



5
771



(3
454



(4
270









































7
444



5
771



(3
454



(4
270



















The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $24.1 million and $21.2
million at July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013. Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as of July&nbsp;31 was as follows: 
























24
147



21
203





24
147



21
203





16
817



15
787

Components of net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31 were as follows:






























































































1
323

















(1
082



(1
006



(1
134























































































































































1
145



1
155







































The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $0.5&nbsp;million and nil
 respectively. The estimated net gain and prior service cost for the other defined benefit post-retirement
plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $0.5 million and nil


 prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service to full eligibility for benefits of the active plan
participants. For calculation of net periodic pension cost
 prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service of the active plan participants. 
 


















































































Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the fiscal years ended
July&nbsp;31 were as follows: 





































































































































The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the established asset allocation.






































































Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care
plans. A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 








































 





 2010
 Diamond adopted the provisions of ASU No.&nbsp;2010-06 on employer&#146;s disclosures about plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plan. The fair
values of the Company&#146;s pension plan assets by asset category were as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for description of levels): 























Fair Value Measurements at July&nbsp;31
 2014









































































6
632



6
632













2
516



2
516































1
699



1
699













5
159



5
159

















































16
817



16
519

















































Fair Value Measurements at July 31
 2013









































































5
793



5
793













2
185



2
185































1
626



1
626













5
402



5
402

















































15
787



15
506



























Pension obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the expected return on pension plan assets and


 and then using a single rate that produces the same present


 in part
 on the actual
returns achieved by the Company&#146;s pension plan in prior periods. The Company also considers the weighted average historical rates of return on securities with similar characteristics to those in which the Company&#146;s pension assets are
The investment objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize total returns within reasonable and prudent levels
of risk. The plan asset allocation is a key element in achieving the expected investment returns on plan assets. The current asset allocation strategy targets an allocation of 60% for equity securities and 40% for

 



 
debt securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected cash flow needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within acceptable ranges due to market value variability. If fluctuations cause an
asset class to fall outside its strategic asset allocation range
Cash Flows
The company expects to contribute $0.5 million to its pension plan and $0.1 million to its other postretirement
benefit plan in fiscal 2015. Estimated future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows: 









































































5
369





On November&nbsp;19
 2012
 Michael Mendes
 our former chief executive officer
 formally resigned from the
Company. The Company and Mr.&nbsp;Mendes entered into a Separation and Clawback Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr.&nbsp;Mendes agreed to deliver to the Company a cash payment of $2.7 million (&#147;Cash Clawback&#148;)
 representing the total value of
his fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 bonuses
 and 6
665 shares of Diamond common stock
 representing the vested shares awarded to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes after fiscal 2010. The Cash Clawback was deducted from the amount Diamond owed to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes pursuant
to the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan (&#147;SERP&#148;). Mr.&nbsp;Mendes and Diamond have determined that prior to giving effect to the Cash Clawback; the retirement benefit due to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes in a lump sum under the SERP was
approximately $5.4 million. The SERP amount
 subject to applicable withholding taxes and after giving effect to the Cash Clawback
 was paid in early December 2012. Expenses associated with the payout in the second quarter of fiscal 2013 are included
in Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the returned shares were classified as treasury stock


contribution plan expenses of $1.1 million
 $1.8 million and $1.8&nbsp;million for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
 
The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company are foreign currency
translation adjustments and changes in pension liabilities. Approximately a $0.4 million loss
 $0.5&nbsp;million gain
 and $0.7 million gain was reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and into income for fiscal 2014
fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. These amounts were reclassified into Selling
 general and administrative expenses and Costs of goods sold in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 



Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income for fiscal 2014 by component was as
follows: 



























Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2013






3
485



4
007





(2
122



22
116



19
994















































(2
490



22
116



19
626
















Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2014


(1
968



25
601



23
633
















 
 


































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014




















234
668



220
577



190
892



219
070





57
933



55
928



45
096



49
289





84
190



53
913



56
320



41
161





(42
153



(15
060



(105
633



(1
856























21
954



22
052



29
119



30
993























21
954



22
052



29
119



30
993



































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013




















258
462



220
844



184
905



199
801





58
546



50
569



43
350



53
058





54
742



25
935



45
230



197
880





(10
729



10
141



(15
582



(143
741























21
753



21
781



21
819



21
905























21
753



23
215



21
819



21
905





In the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013 to settle the private securities class
action pending against the Company and two of the Company&#146;s former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a
stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August&nbsp;20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement in Selling
general and administrative expenses. 



In the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company refinanced its debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt refinancing
transaction including proceeds from Oaktree&#146;s warrant exercise to (1)&nbsp;prepay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit

 







Facility
 (2)&nbsp;prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior Notes
 (3)&nbsp;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment premiums to
the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes resulting in a debt extinguishment loss of approximately $83.0 million.



In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1
million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand intangibles and customer contracts and related
relationships. Refer to Note 5 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



During the preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate used to
value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income
tax liability balance at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. Refer to Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 





 as
amended
 (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and that information relating to the Company is accumulated
and communicated to management
 including our principal officers as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that
 due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below
 the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. 


 there were changes in our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the previously reported material weakness related to journal entries
that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended July 31


Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as is defined in
the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in
 (1992)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(&#147;COSO&#148;) to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. Based on that evaluation
 our management determined that a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
existed as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. 
We previously identified and disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting over complex and non-routine 
 



 
transactions that still exists as of July&nbsp;31
 2014. As a result
 management has concluded that the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of July 31
2014. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#146;s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2014 is: 





 We did not maintain effective controls over the accounting for complex and non-routine transactions.
Specifically


resulting from a change in segments
 impairment of a long-lived intangible asset resulting from facility closure
 classification of restricted cash on the consolidated statement of cash flows and the restatement of the Company&#146;s condensed
consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013 to correct diluted earnings (loss) per share. Additionally
 this material weakness could result in misstatements of the consolidated financial statements that


 which audited our consolidated financial statements
 has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of July 31
 2014
REMEDIATION EFFORTS


 2013
 a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to journal
entries. We noted that some key accounting personnel had the ability to both prepare and post manual journal entries without an independent review by someone without the ability to prepare and post journal entries. As of July&nbsp;31
 2014
 we have
removed the ability for certain key accounting personnel with journal entry review authority to both prepare and post journal entries. We also implemented a monthly control in the fourth quarter to determine that all manual journal entries are
subject to review and approval by someone other than the preparer. We tested the newly implemented controls and found them to be effective and have concluded as of July 31
 2014
 this material weakness has been remediated. 


the control and integrity of the Company&#146;s financial statements seriously and believe that the remediation steps described below are essential to maintaining a strong internal control environment. The following remediation steps are among the
measures that will be implemented by the Company as soon as practicable: 






Continued evaluation and enhancement of internal technical accounting capabilities
 augmented by the use of third-party advisors and consultants to
assist with areas requiring specialized technical accounting expertise and reviewed by management. 





Develop and implement technical accounting training
 led by appropriate technical accounting experts
 to enhance awareness and understanding of
standards and principles related to relevant complex technical accounting topics.
 



We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment
 and believe that
these remediation actions will represent significant improvements in our controls. However
 the identified material weakness in internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until controls have been designed and/or
controls are in operation for a sufficient period of time for our management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. Additional remediation measures may be required
 which may require additional implementation time. We will
continue to assess the effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluations of internal control over financial reporting. 




















Date: October&nbsp;3

<FONT

 







 to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of fiscal 2014. 

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 to
 Security Ownership
The information required by this item is
incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders


 and Director Independence 
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 to
 Principal Accounting
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the
2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of fiscal 2014. 
 








(b) Consolidated Balance Sheets at July&nbsp;31
 2014 and 2013 
(c) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 
(d) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013
 2012 
(e) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 
(f) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 


Exhibits required by
The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are incorporated by reference
to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 


















This&nbsp;
Report
















Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended







July&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2005











March&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2005











July 18
 2005



Rights Agreement
 dated as of April 29
 2005
 by and between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company
 N.A







May 3
 2005



Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company
 N.A.
 dated April 5
 2011







April 5
 2011



Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement dated May 22
 2012 by and between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.







May 30
 2012



Senior Note issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May 29
 2012.







May 30
 2012



Redeemable Note issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May 29
 2012.







May 30
 2012
 





















This&nbsp;
Report
















Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May&nbsp;29
 2012.







May&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2012



2005 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of stock option agreement
 stock option exercise agreement and restricted stock purchase agreement







March&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2005











July 20
 2007











January&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2007











March 25
 2005



Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. 401(k) Plan







March 25
 2005



Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. Pension Plan
 as restated







March 25
 2005











June 9
 2014











May 3
 2005















Employment Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;4
 2012
 between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and Brian Driscoll







May 7
 2012



Offer Letter between Lloyd Johnson and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2008



Offer Letter between Linda Segre and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







September 30
 2009



Offer Letter between David Colo and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







December 17
 2012



Offer Letter between Raymond P. Silcock and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







June 10
 2013











May 3
 2005



Form of Walnut Purchase Agreement introduced on May 18
 2012







May 23
 2012



Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated May 29
 2012
 by and between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.







May 30
 2012



Registration Rights Agreement
 dated May 29
 2012
 by and among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. and the other Purchasers party to the Securities Purchase
Agreement
 dated May 22
 2012.







May 30
 2012



Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangements
 effective September 2013







October 9
 2013
 























This&nbsp;
Report

















Warrant Exercise Agreement
 dated February 9
 2014
 by and between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.









March 11
 2014



Purchase Agreement
 dated February 13
 2014
 between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and the purchasers thereto.









February 19
 2014



Indenture
 dated February 19
 2014
 between Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association.









February 19
 2014



Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;19
 2014
 by and among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 Sun Trust Bank and the lenders thereto.









February&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2014



Credit Agreement
 dated February 19
 2014
 among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch and the other lenders thereto.









February 19
 2014



List of Subsidiaries of Diamond Foods
 Inc.










































































































































































 which are included in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 are not required here because they are not applicable. 
 



 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 






DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 















Date: October&nbsp;3
 2014
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 






















October&nbsp;3
 2014















October&nbsp;3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October 3
 2014















October&nbsp;3
 2014















October&nbsp;3
 2014







 













 




is designed to reward Diamond Foods
&#148;) employees for their outstanding performance in support of Diamond&#146;s business objectives and to align variable compensation with the
The AIP is administered by the Committee. The Committee may prescribe
 amend
 or rescind rules
regulations
 policies
 interpretations
 and guides as deemed appropriate for the proper and effective administration of the AIP. All decisions
 determinations
 and interpretations of the Committee will be final and binding. If the Committee
determines that the established performance measures or objectives are no longer suitable because of a change in the Company&#146;s business
 operations
 corporate structure
 capital structure
 or other conditions the Committee may modify the
measures
 objectives
 or related awards as it deems appropriate in its discretion. 
Each year
&#148;) will be eligible to participate in the AIP if the employee (i)&nbsp;is employed as of
May&nbsp;1 in the fiscal year
 (ii)&nbsp;is employed continuously through and including the last day of the fiscal year
 except for an approved leave of absence and (iii)&nbsp;meets other eligibility criteria as may be established by the
&#148;) or CEO from time to time. Eligibility to participate in the AIP one year does not guarantee eligibility in any following year
 nor does participation in the AIP in any year guarantee payment
of any award in such year.




. Each Eligible Employee is assigned a target bonus
&#148;) of
base salary
 and a maximum bonus
&#148;) of base salary. The Target Bonus Percentage and Max Bonus Percentage each is subject to adjustment at the sole discretion of the Company or the
&#148;) is equal to the Target Bonus Percentage multiplied by such employee&#146;s base salary earned throughout the fiscal year
 and the maximum incentive
bonus (the &#147;
 



















 




equal to the Max Bonus Percentage multiplied by such employee&#146;s base salary earned throughout the fiscal year. The Target Bonus Percentages and Max Bonus Percentages for each category of
employee are subject to adjustment by the Company and the Committee. 




Each year

Metrics
 without limitation
 EBITDA
 revenues
 gross margin
 gross profit
 operating
margin
 operating profit
 earnings growth
 earnings per share
 and non-GAAP calculations of any such metrics
 at the sole discretion of the Committee. 










Target
Performance






&#148;) only if a threshold level of performance
&#148;) against the AIP Financial Metrics is achieved by the Company. The Threshold Funding amount will be a portion of the Target Funding amount and will be established by the Company and the Committee each year.






&#148;)
against the AIP Financial Metrics is achieved by the Company. The Max Funding amount is 200% of the Target Funding amount
 and the determination of what constitutes Max Performance will be established by the Company and the Committee each year.






In between the Threshold Performance
 Target Performance and Max Performance levels
 the level of funding increases as established by the Company and
the Committee each year. 
 



















 











. Once the aggregate amount of AIP pool funding is established
 the pool is allocated to each department of the Company based on the ratio
of (i)&nbsp;the total Target Bonus of the Eligible Employees in such department to (ii)&nbsp;the total Target Bonus of all Eligible Employees in the Company. 





&#148;). Each year
 the
Company and the Committee will determine the mix of corporate and/or individual or departmental objectives that must be achieved for an Eligible Employee to receive a bonus from the Departmental Pool. The Company may reallocate funds between
Departmental Pools. 




Each year
 the Company and Compensation Committee will determine the mix of employee bonus between Company performance against specific metrics and performance against
individual goals (e.g.
 80% weighting on Company performance and 20% weighting on individual performance). 




&#148;) based on the employee&#146;s contributions
toward overall company and individual or departmental objectives
 which will be used to determine the amount of such employee&#146;s bonus. The Performance Rating scale and associated level of bonus payment will be established by the Company each
year. 




The objectives against which an Eligible Employee may be measured may include
 without limitation
 corporate goals (such as revenues
 gross margin
 gross profit
operating margin
 earnings growth
 earnings per share
 and non-GAAP calculations of any such metrics)
 departmental goals (such as category business team or functional goals relating to accomplishment of strategic initiatives
 brand or category
financial performance
 market share
 revenue
 profitability
 cost efficiency
 products
 brand equity
 human capital or other goals) or individual goals as determined in conjunction with the Eligible Employee&#146;s manager. The company and
individual performance objectives are confidential information to be treated as such under company policies. 
 



















 


 unless otherwise determined by the Committee. Award payments are subject to withholding for all applicable taxes. Employee agrees to
pay any taxes owed on any benefits provided pursuant to the AIP. As outlined in the Company&#146;s Compensation Recovery Policy
 Executives may be required under certain circumstances to reimburse the Company for Incentive-Based Compensation. Please
refer to that policy for more details. 
 






























 Inc. 


























Kettle Foods Holdings
 Inc.







Kettle Foods
 Inc. (US operating company)


























 (No&#146;s. 333-191646
 333-185339
 333-177008
 333-169766
 333-162222
 333- 153672
 333-140066
 and 333-126743) Registration Statement on
Form S-3 (No. 333-195799 and 333-162221) of Diamond Foods
 Inc. of our report dated October&nbsp;3
 2014 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting

<FONT

October&nbsp;3
 2014 















by reference in Registration Statement Nos.&nbsp;333-185339
 333-177008
 333-169766
 333-162222
 333-153672
 333-140066
 333-126743
 and 333-191646 on Form S-8
 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-162221 and 333-195799 on Form S-3 of our report
dated December 6
 2012 (October 9
 2013 as to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended July 31
 2012 and the retrospective adjustment to the financial statement disclosures in Note 12 &#150; Segment Reporting for
the year ended July 31
 2012) relating to the consolidated financial statements of Diamond Foods
 Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Diamond Foods
 Inc. for the year ended July 31
 2014. 
San Francisco
October 3
 2014 















 Brian J. Driscoll
 certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamond Foods
 Inc.; 
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 





















Date: October&nbsp;3
 2014 















 Raymond P. Silcock
 certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamond Foods
 Inc.; 
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 





















Date: October&nbsp;3
 2014 

















 Brian
J. Driscoll
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 
(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014 (the &#147;Report&#148;)


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 





















Date: October&nbsp;3


 as Adopted 

I
 Raymond P. Silcock
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Diamond Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
(1) the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2014 (the &#147;Report&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and
(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 




















Date: October&nbsp;3
 2014 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of
 Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period
 presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11) Commitments and
 Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative
 Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2012
 putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior
 Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond and naming certain executive
 officers and the members of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board of directors as
 individual defendants. These lawsuits
 which related principally to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s accounting for certain payments to walnut
 growers in fiscal 2010 and 2011
 were subsequently consolidated as
 &lt;i&gt;In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation&lt;/i&gt;
 which purports to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement.
 Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a
 proposed settlement and the court entered an order granting final
 approval of the settlement on August&amp;#xA0;19
 2013.
 On&amp;#xA0;September&amp;#xA0;23
 2013
 a Notice of Appeal from the order
 granting final approval was filed by a single stockholder. No date
 for this hearing on this appeal has been scheduled. The Company
 will continue to incur costs associated with this action
 and
 depending on the ultimate outcome
 could continue to do so
 and
 management&amp;#x2019;s attention may be diverted to this matter. This
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 business
 financial condition and results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Labeling
 Class Action Cases&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2014
 Deena Klacko first filed a putative class
 action against Diamond in the Southern District of Florida
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 TIAS tortilla chip product were not natural and seeking damages and
 injunctive relief. The lawsuit alleged five causes of actions
 alleging violations of Florida&amp;#x2019;s Deceptive and Unfair Trade
 Practices Act
 negligent misrepresentation
 breach of implied
 warranty for particular purpose
 breach of express warranty and the
 Magnuson-Warranty Act. The complaint seeks to certify a class of
 Florida consumers who purchased TIAS tortilla chips since
 January&amp;#xA0;3
 2010. On January&amp;#xA0;9
 2014
 Dominika Surzyn
 brought a similar class action against Diamond relating to our TIAS
 tortilla chips in federal court for the Northern District of
 California. Surzyn purports to represent a class of California
 consumers who purchased said Kettle TIAS products since
 January&amp;#xA0;9
 2010.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 April&amp;#xA0;2
 2014
 Richard Hall filed a putative class action
 against the Company in San Francisco Superior Court
 alleging that
 certain ingredients contained in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Kettle Brand
 chips and TIAS Tortilla Chips are not natural and seeking damages
 and injunctive relief. The complaint purports to assert seven
 causes of action for alleged violations of California&amp;#x2019;s
 Business and Profession&amp;#x2019;s Code
 California&amp;#x2019;s Consumer
 Legal Remedies Act and for restitution based on
 quasi-contract/unjust enrichment. Plaintiff purports to bring this
 action on his own behalf
 as well as on behalf of all consumers in
 the United States
 or alternatively
 California
 within four years
 of the filing of the complaint who purchased certain of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s Kettle Brand Chips or Kettle Brand TIAS tortilla
 chips.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 denies all allegations in these cases. Following mediation and
 settlement discussions among plaintiffs&amp;#x2019; counsel in Klacko
 Surzyn and Hall
 the parties entered into a settlement agreement
 and it is expected that they will resolve all claims on a
 nationwide basis and include: Diamond to take certain injunctive
 relief measures to confirm labeling compliance matters;
 establishment of a $3.0 million common fund for claims made
 available to the class and for the payment of class administration
 and attorneys&amp;#x2019; fees; and any funds unclaimed by the class to
 be provided &lt;i&gt;cy pres&lt;/i&gt; to a charity as a food donation. The
 settlement is subject to court approval and the plaintiffs intend
 to file preliminary approval papers. The Company has recognized the
 related settlement charges within the consolidated financial
 statements for fiscal 2014. The Company cannot predict with
 certainty the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits
 and an
 unfavorable outcome in excess of amounts recognized as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 with respect to one or more of these
 proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s results of operations for the periods in which a
 loss is recognized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 4%; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond is
 involved in various legal actions in the ordinary course of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome
 or resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate
 the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those
 proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of
 these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions
 of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or
 settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&amp;#x2019;s financial
 position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had $4.9 million of letters of
 credit outstanding related to normal business transactions and
 commitments of $4.0 million to purchase new equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating lease
 expense for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $5.4 million
 $5.3
 million and $5.5 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total minimum
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less amount representing
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Present value of capital
 lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6) Notes
 Payable and Long-Term Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Long-term
 debt outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;369
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Oaktree Senior
 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;210
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;8
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;10
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;ABL Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;230
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Term Loan Facility
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;403
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;647
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;590
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Less: current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(10
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;637
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;585
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Company
 determined that the Guaranteed Loan line item was understated by
 $2.2 million and the Secured Credit Facility line item was
 overstated by the same amount in the above disclosure as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. Total long-term debt
 total outstanding debt
 and the total current portion of debt were presented correctly. The
 Company assessed the materiality of this correction
 concluded that
 this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 Consolidated
 Financial Statements and revised the July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 balances to
 correct the presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of an unamortized discount of $0.5 million related to
 the Term Loan Facility&amp;#x2019;s stated original issue discount of
 $2.0 million. The non-current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of an unamortized discount of $1.4
 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Additionally
 in accordance with ASC 470-50-40-2&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013; Debt &amp;#x2013;
 Modifications and Extinguishments
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;as a result of certain lenders
 that participated in the Company&amp;#x2019;s refinanced debt structure
 both prior to and after the restructuring
 it was determined that a
 portion of the debt refinancing was considered to be a debt
 modification. Accordingly
 the Company recorded approximately $3.6
 million
 of the Oaktree call premium that is associated with the
 modified debt (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As
 of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of these unamortized creditor fees of $0.8 million
 and the non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of
 these unamortized creditor fees of $2.5 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In accordance
 with the guidance
 approximately $5.2 million related the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s previous original issue discount on the Oaktree
 Notes was also determined to be associated with the modified debt
 (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of this unamortized discount of $1.1 million and the
 non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of $3.6
 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;These
 balances are presented on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as a contra-debt liability and will be amortized within
 Interest expense
 net on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations over the term of the Term Loan Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Net interest
 expense for fiscal 2014
 2013
&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;14
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;29
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;27
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;18
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;26
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;6
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;ABL Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;7
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Term Loan
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;9
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Interest
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Capitalized
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;57
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;33
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Annual
 maturities of long-term debt as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;6
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;6
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;6
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;5
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;626
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;651
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Balance represents
 principal maturities and does not include contra-debt liabilities
 associated with the Term Loan Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 56px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Description of Refinancing&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;On
 February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 the Company refinanced its debt capital
 structure.&amp;#xA0;The Company entered into a 4.5&amp;#xA0;year senior
 secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;ABL
 Facility&amp;#x201D;) in an aggregate principal amount of $125 million
 a 4.5 year senior secured term loan facility (the &amp;#x201C;Term Loan
 Facility&amp;#x201D;) in an aggregate principal amount of $415 million
 and issued $230 million in 7.000% Senior Notes due March 2019 (the
 &amp;#x201C;Notes&amp;#x201D;). Pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. (a subsidiary of Oaktree)
 exercised its warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock at the $10 exercise price per share
 for $44.2 million
 less a warrant cash exercise and contractual
 modification inducement fee of $15&amp;#xA0;million. The Warrant
 Exercise Transaction closed on February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 concurrent
 with the refinancing transactions and the Company derecognized the
 warrant liability of approximately $84.1 million on that
 date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Diamond used
 the net proceeds of the Term Loan Facility
 the Notes and the
 Warrant Exercise Transaction to (1)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $348
 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the
 Secured Credit Facility
 (2)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $276 million
 of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree
 Senior Notes
 (3)&amp;#xA0;pay approximately $32.3 million of
 prepayment premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 and
 (4)&amp;#xA0;pay fees related to the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of the definitive documentation for the Term
 Loan Facility
 the Notes and the ABL Facility. In accordance with
 ASC 835-30-45-3&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Imputation of
 Interest&amp;#x2014;Other Presentation Matters
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;the Company incurred $16.6
 million of new debt issuance costs associated with the February
 2014 debt refinancing. $2.1 million of these debt issuance costs
 were expensed to Loss on debt extinguishment based on the portion
 of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification for
 those lenders that had continued participation in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s refinanced debt structure. The remaining $14.5
 million debt issuance costs were recorded as deferred financing
 charges and will be amortized over the life of the respective new
 debt agreements into Interest expense
 net. Debt issuance costs
 largely included arrangement fees paid to underwriters
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 consulting fees
 and printing fees. The Company
 recorded the current portion of these costs in Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets and the non-current portion was recorded in
 Other long-term assets in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In accordance
 with ASC 470-50-40-2&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013; Debt &amp;#x2013;
 Modifications and Extinguishments&lt;/i&gt;
 the Company recorded a Loss
 on debt extinguishment of $83.0 million in the Consolidated
 Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Of the
 $83.0 million
 approximately $70.3 million related to the
 extinguishment of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 $10.6 million related
 to non-cash charges resulting from write-offs of unamortized
 transaction costs and fees
 and $2.1 million related to new third
 party debt issuance costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The $70.3
 million included $28.7 million related to the prepayment premium
 associated with the extinguished debt that the Company paid to the
 holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes and approximately
 $41.6&amp;#xA0;million related to the difference between the net
 carrying value and the repayment price of the Oaktree Senior Notes.
 The Company originally recorded the Oaktree Senior Notes at an
 amount that was $43.2 million lower than the contractual repayment
 amount due to the allocation of proceeds of $36.5 million to the
 Oaktree warrant and an original issue discount of
 $6.7&amp;#xA0;million. Subsequently
 additional discount of
 $6.8&amp;#xA0;million was created related to the paid-in-kind interest
 that was added to the debt. The Company also paid a total call
 premium of $32.3 million of which $3.6 million related to the
 portion of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification
 and accordingly the Company recorded a contra-debt liability on its
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining call premium of $28.7
 million was recorded as a Loss on debt extinguishment in the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Loss on debt
 extinguishment for fiscal 2014 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Call premium &amp;#x2014;
 Oaktree Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;28
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Difference between
 reacquisition price and carrying value&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Oaktree
 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;41
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Unamortized transaction
 costs &amp;#x2014; Oaktree&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;8
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Unamortized transaction
 costs &amp;#x2014; Secured Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;New transaction costs
 &amp;#x2014; Term Loan
 ABL
High Yield Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Loss on debt
 extinguishment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;83
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 56px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Debt After
 Refinancing&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In December
 2010
 Kettle Foods entered into
 and Diamond guaranteed
 a 10-year
 fixed rate guaranteed loan (the &amp;#x201C;Guaranteed Loan&amp;#x201D;) in
 the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $8.3 million was
 outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. Principal and interest
 payments were due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The
 Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for the
 Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds were placed in an
 interest-bearing escrow account and were made available as
 expenditures were approved for reimbursement. As the cash was used
 to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash was classified
 as non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the
 remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to
 the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan balance.
 Also
 as part of the paydown
 the Company paid a 4% prepayment
 penalty
 which was recorded in Interest expense
 net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 Guaranteed Loan provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants
 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured
 Credit Facility
 as defined below. The financial covenants within
 the Guaranteed Loan were reset to match those in the Waiver and
 Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility
 as described in
 more detail below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Additionally
 on February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 Diamond closed the Warrant Exercise
 Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its
 warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately
 $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification
 inducement fee of $15.0 million. The warrant was issued to Oaktree
 in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated
 May&amp;#xA0;22
 2012 (&amp;#x201C;Securities Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201D;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior Notes. The $15.0
 million inducement fee is included within Warrant exercise fee on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Warrant
 Exercise Agreement provided that so long as Oaktree and/or its
 affiliates hold at least 10% of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s outstanding common
 stock
 Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors. In addition
 until the later of
 (a)&amp;#xA0;twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to
 nominate a member of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors or
 (b)&amp;#xA0;twelve months after any director nominated by Oaktree
 under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase
 Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its
 affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30%
 of the outstanding common stock of Diamond; commence or support any
 tender offer for Diamond common stock; make or participate in any
 solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person
 with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce
 a proposal or offer concerning any extraordinary transaction with
 Diamond; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of
 acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any Diamond securities;
 take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require
 Diamond to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of
 such an acquisition
 tender offer or proxy solicitation; enter into
 any agreements with a third party regarding any such prohibited
 actions; or request Diamond to amend or waive such provisions. Upon
 the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Warrant
 Exercise Agreement
 the Securities Purchase Agreement
 and
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s obligations thereunder
 terminated. The common
 stock issued upon exercise of the warrant will be issued in a
 private placement pursuant to exemptions from the registration
 requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are covered by a
 Registration Rights Agreement entered into on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012 in
 connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Term Loan
 Facility will mature in 4.5 years and will amortize in equal
 quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to 1.0%
 of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the
 balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility. The
 Term Loan Facility will permit the Company to increase the term
 loans
 or add a separate tranche of term loans
 by an amount not to
 exceed $100&amp;#xA0;million plus the maximum amount of additional term
 loans that the Company could incur without its senior secured
 leverage ratio exceeding 4.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after
 giving effect to such increase or addition. Amounts outstanding are
 expected to bear interest at a rate&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;per annum&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;equal to: (i)&amp;#xA0;the
 Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility and subject
 to a &amp;#x201C;floor&amp;#x201D; of 1.00%) plus the applicable margin or
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility)
 which is the greatest of (a)&amp;#xA0;Credit Suisse&amp;#x2019;s prime rate
 (b)&amp;#xA0;the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and
 (c)&amp;#xA0;the Eurodollar Rate for an interest period of one month
 plus 1.00%
 plus
 in each case
 the applicable margin to be agreed
 with the lenders party thereto.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Loans under
 the ABL facility would be available up to a maximum amount
 outstanding at any one time equal to the lesser of (a)&amp;#xA0;$125
 million and (b)&amp;#xA0;the amount of the Borrowing Base
 in each
 case
 less customary reserves. Under the ABL Facility
 the Company
 has a $20 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit
 and a Swing Line Facility of up to $12.5 million for same day
 borrowings. Borrowing Base is defined as (a)&amp;#xA0;85% of the amount
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s eligible accounts receivable; plus
 (b)&amp;#xA0;the lesser of (i)&amp;#xA0;70% of the book value of eligible
 inventory in the US and (ii)&amp;#xA0;85% times the net orderly
 liquidation value of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s eligible inventory in the US;
 less (c)&amp;#xA0;in each case
 customary reserves.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Under the ABL
 Facility
 Diamond may elect that the loans bear interest at a
 rate&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;per
 annum&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;equal to:
 (i)the LIBOR Rate plus the applicable margin;&amp;#xA0;or (ii)&amp;#xA0;the
 Base rate plus applicable margin. &amp;#x201C;LIBOR Rate&amp;#x201D; means
 the rate per annum equal to (i)&amp;#xA0;the Intercontinental Exchange
 Benchmark Administration Ltd. LIBOR Rate (&amp;#x201C;ICE LIBOR&amp;#x201D;)
 at approximately 11:00 a.m.
 London time
 two Business Days prior
 to the commencement of the requested Interest Period.&amp;#x201C;Base
 Rate&amp;#x201D; means the greatest of (a)&amp;#xA0;the Federal Funds Rate
 plus 0.5%
 (b)&amp;#xA0;the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated
 based upon an interest period of 1 month and shall be determined on
 a daily basis)
 plus 1.00%
 and (c)&amp;#xA0;the rate of interest
 announced
 from time to time
 by Wells Fargo at its principal
 office in San Francisco as its &amp;#x201C;prime rate&amp;#x201D;. The LIBOR
 Rate shall be available for interest periods of one week or
 one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree
 twelve months.
 &amp;#x201C;Applicable Margin&amp;#x201D; means
 as of any date of
 determination and with respect to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate
 Loans
 as applicable
 the applicable margin set forth in the
 following table that corresponds to the Average Daily Net
 Availability of Borrower for the most recently completed fiscal
 quarter period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Term Loan
 Facility and ABL Facility provide for customary affirmative and
 negative covenants. The Term Loan Facility has customary cross
 default provisions and the ABL Facility contains cross-acceleration
 provisions
 in each case that may be triggered if Diamond fails to
 comply with obligations under its other credit facilities or
 indebtedness. The Term Loan Facility has a first priority perfected
 lien on substantially all property
 plant and equipment
 capital
 stock
 intangibles and second priority lien on the ABL Priority
 Collateral
 subject to customary exceptions. The ABL Facility
 requires Diamond to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 of 1.1:1 if at any time excess availability is less than 10% of
 maximum availability; and requires Diamond to apply substantially
 all cash collections to reduce outstanding borrowings under the ABL
 Facility if excess availability falls below 12.5% of maximum
 availability for a period of five business days. The ABL Facility
 is secured by a first-priority lien on accounts receivable
 inventory
 cash and deposit accounts and a second-priority lien on
 all real estate
 equipment and equity interests of the Company
 under
 and guarantors of
 the ABL Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Notes
 which will mature on March&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 were offered only to
 (i)&amp;#xA0;qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A of
 the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&amp;#x201C;Securities
 Act&amp;#x201D;)
 and (ii)&amp;#xA0;to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore
 transactions in reliance on Regulation S of the Securities Act. The
 initial issuance and sale of the Notes were not registered under
 the Securities Act
 and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the
 United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from
 the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the
 registration or qualification requirements of other applicable
 securities laws. The terms of the Notes do not provide for
 registration rights. Interest on the Notes will be payable on
 March&amp;#xA0;15 and September&amp;#xA0;15 of each year
 commencing
 September&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. On or after March&amp;#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond
 may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a price equal to 103.500%
 of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest
 with such optional redemption prices decreasing to
 101.750% on and after March&amp;#xA0;15
 2017 and 100.000% on and after
 March&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. Before March&amp;#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem
 some or all of the Notes at a price equal to 100.000% of the
 principal amount of the Notes redeemed
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest to the redemption date and the make-whole premium. Before
 March&amp;#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem up to 35% of the Notes with
 the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption
 price equal to 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. If
 Diamond experiences a change of control
 Diamond must offer to
 purchase for cash all or any part of each holder&amp;#x2019;s Notes at a
 purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. The indenture pursuant to
 which the Notes were issued contains customary covenants that
 among other things
 limit Diamond&amp;#x2019;s ability and
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s restricted subsidiaries&amp;#x2019; ability to incur
 additional indebtedness
 make restricted payments
 enter into
 transactions with affiliates
 create liens
 pay dividends on or
 repurchase stock
 make specified types of investments
 and sell all
 or substantially all of their assets or merge with other companies.
 Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important
 exceptions and qualifications.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;For fiscal
 2014
 the blended interest rate for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated long-term borrowings; including obligations under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s refinanced debt capital structure was 5.43%. For
 fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated long-term borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt was
 6.73%. For fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate
 for the Company&amp;#x2019;s short-term borrowings was 6.07% and 6.69%
 respectively. As of July&amp;#xA0;31 2014
 the Company was compliant
 with financial and reporting covenants under the new refinanced
 debt structure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-LEFT: 56px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Debt
 Before Refinancing&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The following
 is a description of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt outstanding before the
 refinancing described above in &amp;#x201C;Description of
 Refinancing&amp;#x201D; and &amp;#x201C;Debt After
 Refinancing.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In February
 2010
 Diamond entered into an agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Secured Credit
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600
 million secured credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Secured Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). Diamond&amp;#x2019;s Secured Credit Facility initially
 consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400
 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s request for a $35 million increase in our revolving
 credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August
 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&amp;#x2019;s request for
 a $50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285
 million
 under the same terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Secured
 Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement provided for
 customary affirmative and negative covenants
 and cross default
 provisions that could be triggered if we failed to comply with
 obligations under the other credit facilities or indebtedness. The
 Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement
 included a covenant that restricted the amount of other
 indebtedness (including capital leases and purchase money
 obligations for fixed or capital assets)
 to no more than $25
 million.&amp;#xA0;The accounting treatment for the seven-year equipment
 lease for our Salem
 Oregon plant (the &amp;#x201C;Kettle U.S.
 Lease&amp;#x201D;) and the five-year equipment lease for our Norfolk
 United Kingdom plant (the &amp;#x201C;Kettle U.K. Lease&amp;#x201D;) caused
 us to be in default of the covenants limiting other indebtedness.
 These defaults were waived
 with respect to the Kettle U.K. Lease
 on July&amp;#xA0;27
 2012 (&amp;#x201C;Fourth Amendment&amp;#x201D;) and with
 respect to the Kettle U.S. Lease on August 23
 2012 (&amp;#x201C;Fifth
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;). Additionally
 the Secured Credit Facility and
 the Securities Purchase Agreement were each amended to allow us to
 incur up to $31 million of capital leases and purchase money
 obligations for fixed or capital assets
 which amount was reduced
 from and after December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 (a)&amp;#xA0;to $25 million under
 the Secured Credit Facility and (b)&amp;#xA0;to $27.5 million under the
 Securities Purchase Agreement. As a result of the refinancing
 as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 we no longer had outstanding obligations
 under the Secured Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In March
 2012
 Diamond reached an agreement with its lenders to forbear from
 seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with respect
 to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with the
 credit agreement and to amend the credit agreement (&amp;#x201C;Second
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;). Under the amended credit agreement
 Diamond had
 continued access to its existing revolving credit facility through
 a forbearance period (initially through June&amp;#xA0;18
 2012) subject
 to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s compliance with the terms and conditions of the
 amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the
 interest rate on borrowings increased.&amp;#xA0;The credit agreement
 required Diamond to suspend dividend payments to
 stockholders.&amp;#xA0;In addition
 Diamond paid a forbearance fee of
 25 basis points to its lenders. The forbearance period concluded on
 May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 when Diamond closed agreements to recapitalize
 its balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;In May 2012
 Diamond entered into the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured
 Credit Facility (the &amp;#x201C;Third Amendment&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to
 which the revolving credit facility initially was reduced from $285
 million to $255 million. The Third Amendment provided for
 subsequent further reductions in the revolving line of credit in
 July 2013 and on January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. In May 2012
 Diamond made a
 $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the
 Third Amendment. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on the
 term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with the
 remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the
 revolving credit facility to be repaid on February&amp;#xA0;25
 2015.
 Substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tangible and intangible
 assets were considered collateral security under the Secured Credit
 Facility. Additionally
 the Third Amendment provided for a lower
 level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with
 substantial covenant relief. In the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 these covenants reset from the levels set forth in the Third
 Amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior
 Leverage Ratio declining each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25
 to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;1.00 in the
 quarter ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00
 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included
 a covenant requiring that Diamond have at least $20 million of
 cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all
 times beginning February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third
 Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan
 facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments
 from $10 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amended
 the definition of &amp;#x201C;Applicable Rate&amp;#x201D; under the Secured
 Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the London Interbank
 Offered Rate (&amp;#x201C;LIBOR&amp;#x201D;) and the base rate at which loans
 under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under the Third
 Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50%
 plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and base rate loans
 bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&amp;#xA0;the
 Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;Eurodollar Rates plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate
 was subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the
 &amp;#x201C;LIBOR Floor&amp;#x201D;). The applicable rate would decline
 if
 and when Diamond was to achieve reductions in its ratio of senior
 debt to EBITDA
 as defined in the Third Amendment. The Third
 Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future
 equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans
 and waived
 certain covenants in connection with Diamond&amp;#x2019;s restatement of
 its consolidated financial statements. As a result of the
 refinancing noted above
 the Company had no indebtedness
 outstanding under the Secured Credit Facility as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;On
 May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 Diamond received an investment from Oaktree
 Capital Management
 L.P. (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree&amp;#x201D;). The Oaktree
 investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued
 Oaktree Senior Notes and a warrant to purchase approximately
 4.4&amp;#xA0;million shares of Diamond common stock. The Oaktree Senior
 Notes would have matured in 2020 and bore interest at 12%&amp;#xA0;per
 year that would have been paid-in-kind at Diamond&amp;#x2019;s option
 for the first two years.&amp;#xA0;Oaktree&amp;#x2019;s warrant became
 exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. On
 February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Secured
 Credit Facility provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants and cross default provisions that may be triggered if
 Diamond fails to comply with obligations under their other credit
 facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio
 (&amp;#x201C;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&amp;#x201D;)
 as defined in
 the Third Amendment
 will be limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00
 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00.
 The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each
 quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2) Financial
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In May 2012
 Diamond closed an agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with
 an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
 (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree&amp;#x201D;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted
 of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree Senior
 Notes&amp;#x201D;) and a warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock (the &amp;#x201C;Warrant Shares&amp;#x201D;). The warrant was
 issued to Oaktree in connection with the Securities Purchase
 Agreement dated May&amp;#xA0;22
 2012 (&amp;#x201C;Securities Purchase
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior
 Notes. The warrant was accounted for as a derivative liability and
 was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and
 losses recorded in net income. On February&amp;#xA0;9
 2014
 Diamond
 entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Oaktree (the
 &amp;#x201C;Warrant Exercise Agreement&amp;#x201D;)
 which closed on
 February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to
 exercise the warrant to purchase the Warrant Shares
 by paying
 in
 cash
 the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash
 exercise and contractual modification inducement fee of $15 million
 (the &amp;#x201C;Warrant Exercise Transaction&amp;#x201D;). The Company
 re-measured the warrant at fair value on February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014
 the day prior to the completion of the refinancing transaction
 and
 recorded a loss of $2.0 million on the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated
 Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. For
 fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a total loss of $25.9 million
 associated with the changes in fair value of the warrant liability.
 As a result of the warrant exercise
 the Company no longer has a
 liability associated with the warrant as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. See
 Note 4 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 the impact to the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of earnings per share
 as a result of the issuance of these shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement
 in
 accordance with Company policy
 to mitigate the impact of
 LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability.
 This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and
 was entered into to mitigate the interest rate impact of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company accounts for
 the interest rate cap as a non-hedging derivative. On July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the interest rate cap agreement expired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity
 derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company policy to
 mitigate the market price risk associated with the anticipated raw
 material purchase requirements
 specifically to mitigate the market
 price risk of future corn purchases expected to be made by the
 Company. This agreement had a total notional amount of
 approximately $0.3 million. These corn call options were sold as of
 the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company accounts for
 commodity derivatives as non-hedging derivatives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the fourth
 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn call options
 commodity derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income
 associated with this sale was $0.1 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In January
 2014
 the Company purchased an additional 164 corn call option
 commodity derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company
 policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the
 anticipated raw material purchase requirements. Specifically to
 mitigate the market price risk of future corn purchases expected to
 be made by the Company. This agreement had a total notional amount
 of approximately $0.3 million. The Company accounts for commodity
 derivatives as non-hedging derivatives. In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2014
 the Company sold 64 corn call option commodity
 derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income associated
 with this sale was $0.1 million. As of July
 31
 2014
 the Company
 had 100 corn call option commodity derivatives
 outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair values
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments for fiscal 2014 and
 fiscal 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 61pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability
 Derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;Sheet&amp;#xA0;Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivatives not designated
 as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Prepaid&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;other&amp;#xA0;current&amp;#xA0;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Warrant liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effects of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=27%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives
 Not&lt;br /&gt;
 Designated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 81pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as Hedging Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss Recognized&lt;br /&gt;
 in Income on Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount of Income
 (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in Income on&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selling
&amp;#xA0;general&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss on warrant
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(26
658&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11
570&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
221&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;ASC 820
 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be
 measured using the following three levels of inputs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;:
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;:
 Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are
 corroborated by market data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;:
 Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market
 data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets and Liabilities
 Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis was $11 thousand as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and $29 thousand as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. The Company values
 the commodity derivatives using Level 2 inputs. The notional amount
 of commodity contracts is calculated utilizing the number of
 contracts
 as measured in bushels
 multiplied by the price of corn
 per bushel obtained from the Chicago Mercantile
 Exchange.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In August 2013
 the Company obtained preliminary approval to settle the action
 &lt;i&gt;In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Securities Litigation&lt;/i&gt;
 (&amp;#x201C;Securities Settlement&amp;#x201D;). Pursuant to the terms of the
 Securities Settlement
 the Company agreed to pay a total of $11.0
 million in cash and issue 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock
 to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock between October&amp;#xA0;5
 2010 and February
 2012. The stock portion of the Securities Settlement was recorded
 within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 as a liability and
 was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and
 losses recorded in net income until the settlement became
 effective. The stock portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Securities
 Settlement was measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The
 Company had elected to use the market approach to value the stock
 portion of the Securities Settlement. The valuation was considered
 Level 1 due to the use of quoted prices in an active market for
 identical assets at the measurement date. The court issued an order
 granting final approval of the Securities Settlement on
 January&amp;#xA0;21
 2014
 and the appeal period expired on
 February&amp;#xA0;20
 2014
 at which time the Securities Settlement
 became effective. The value of the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of
 common stock as of February&amp;#xA0;20
 2014 was $123.3 million
 $85.1
 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and was recorded in Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 In fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a
 result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement
 derecognized the liability and insurance receivable associated with
 the Securities Settlement
 and on February&amp;#xA0;21
 2014
 issued
 the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares to a settlement fund. See Note 4 to
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact
 to the Company&amp;#x2019;s calculation of earnings per share as a
 result of the issuance of these shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 performed a final re-measurement of its warrant liability on
 February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014 as result of the Warrant Exercise
 Transaction. The warrant liability measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis was nil as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 $84.1 million as
 of February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014
 and $58.1 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. The Company had elected to use the income approach to value
 the warrant liability and used the Black-Scholes option valuation
 model. This valuation was considered Level 3 due to the use of
 certain unobservable inputs. Inputs into the Black-Scholes model
 included: remaining term
 stock price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected volatility. The significant Level 3
 unobservable inputs previously used in the valuation were expected
 volatility and the probability to exchange $75 million of the
 senior notes for convertible preferred stock upon achievement of
 certain profitability targets (the &amp;#x201C;Special
 Redemption&amp;#x201D;). The expected volatility used to measure the
 warrant liability at fair value was 45.0% and 45.6% as of
 February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively. As
 provided in the Oaktree agreements
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 operating results for the six months ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption did not occur. As such
 the probability of
 Special Redemption was not applicable for the warrant liability
 valuations performed as of February&amp;#xA0;18
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of the warrant liability activity
 measured at
 fair value based on Level 3 inputs in fiscal year 2014 and
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrant
 Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Included in
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases
 issuances
 sales
 and settlements Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ending
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amount of gains or
 (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still
 held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets and Liabilities
 Disclosed at Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair value
 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the 7.000%
 Senior Notes (the &amp;#x201C;Notes&amp;#x201D;) issued during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company measured the $230.0 million
 Notes based on level 3 inputs
 and determined the fair value was
 $228.8&amp;#xA0;million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. The fair value was
 estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology with
 unobservable inputs including the market yield and redemption date.
 The discounted cash flow used a risk adjusted yield to present
 value the contractual cash flows. Refer to Note 6 to the Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the
 Notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As a result of
 the refinancing
 the total indebtedness outstanding under the
 Oaktree Senior Notes was paid in full in the third quarter of
 fiscal 2014. See Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information regarding the refinancing
 transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the carrying value and fair value of outstanding
 Oaktree Senior Notes as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Senior Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Redeemable Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;89
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair value
 of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach.
 The discounted cash flow approach used a risk adjusted yield to
 present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The fair
 value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the fair
 value measurement hierarchy.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4) Earnings Per
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;ASC 260
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Earnings Per Share
&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; impacts the determination
 and reporting of earnings (loss) per share by requiring the
 inclusion of participating securities
 which have the right to
 share in dividends
 if declared
 equally with common shareholders.
 Participating securities are allocated a proportional share of net
 income determined by dividing total weighted average participating
 securities by the sum of total weighted average common shares and
 participating securities (&amp;#x201C;the two-class method&amp;#x201D;). ASC
 260 also impacts the determination and reporting of earnings (loss)
 per share by requiring inclusion of the impact of changes in fair
 value of warrant liabilities
 such as the Oaktree warrant liability
 described in Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. Including these participating securities and changes in
 warrant liability in the Company&amp;#x2019;s earnings per share
 calculation has the effect of reducing earnings and increasing
 losses on both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
 share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: income allocated to
 participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: undistributed income
 reallocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dilutive shares &amp;#x2014;
 stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss per share attributable
 to common shareholders (1):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options to
 purchase 1
495
791
 1
457
076
 and 2
079
535 shares of common stock
 were outstanding at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Because the Company was in a loss position for fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 stock options and restricted stock units
 outstanding were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per
 share because their effect would be antidilutive. Additionally
 as
 the Company was in a loss position and the change in the fair value
 of the warrant liability resulted in a loss for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 a numerator adjustment was not made to the diluted loss
 per share calculation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Options to
 purchase 308
685
 978
024
 and 776
184
 shares of common stock were
 not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 because their exercise
 prices were greater than the average market price of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock and therefore their effect would be
 antidilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 January&amp;#xA0;21
 2014 the court issued an order granting final
 approval of the Securities Settlement and the appeal period expired
 on February&amp;#xA0;20
 2014
 at which time the Securities Settlement
 became effective. On February&amp;#xA0;21
 2014 the Company issued the
 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund
 pursuant to the terms of the approved Securities Settlement.
 Accordingly
 the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares were included in the
 computation of basic and diluted loss per share calculation
 beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 February&amp;#xA0;19
 2014
 the Company closed the Warrant Exercise
 Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its
 warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately
 $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification
 inducement fee of $15.0 million. Accordingly
 the 4
420
859 shares
 were included in the computation of basic and diluted loss per
 share calculation beginning in the third quarter of fiscal
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of the warrant liability activity
 measured at
 fair value based on Level 3 inputs in fiscal year 2014 and
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrant
 Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Included in
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases
 issuances
 sales
 and settlements Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ending
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amount of gains or
 (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still
 held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;All inventories
 are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or
 weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut
 purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their
 walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to
 the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price
 for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal
 year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;

 statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s
 effective income tax rate is as follows for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Federal tax at statutory
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(56
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(61
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(29
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;State tax
 net of federal
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;9
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Net tax benefit of
 earnings at lower rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(9
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(9
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(9
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(6
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Stock settlement of
 QSF&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Financing
 related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;17
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;7
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;7
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Impact of tax law
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Changes in
 estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Changes in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;47
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;52
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;31
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The geographic
 distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales for the fiscal years
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;648
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;659
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;754
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;134
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;141
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;70
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assumptions
 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below for
 fiscal:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Average expected life
 in
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;54.53%-55.84%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52.99%-55.48%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2.04%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;0.83%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dividend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(5) Intangible Assets
 and Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The changes in
 the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snacks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nuts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;410
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;410
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;266
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;297
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;157
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;430
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;455
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(29
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less asset
 impairments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand
 intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;392
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Identifiable
 intangible asset amortization expense in each of the five
 succeeding years will amount to approximately $8.2 million. For
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the amortization period for
 identifiable intangible assets was approximately 20 years with
 amortization expense of approximately $8.1 million
 $8.0 million
 and $8.0 million recognized
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 also performed its 2014 annual impairment test of goodwill and
 non-amortizing intangible assets required by ASC 350 as of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2014. There was no goodwill impaired during fiscal
 2014
 2013
 and 2012. In fiscal 2013
 the Company determined that
 the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired
 based on a decrease in forecasted future revenues. The Company
 recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset
 impairment line on the consolidated statement of operations. The
 inputs used to measure the fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 were largely unobservable
 and accordingly
 this measure was
 classified as Level 3. The fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 was estimated based on the relief from royalty method
 which models
 the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were
 received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow
 analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues
 attributable to the brand
 assumed royalty rates and a
 risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates the estimated cost of
 capital. The unobservable inputs used in this valuation included
 projected revenue growth rates
 royalty rates
 and the discount
 rate. The Company used a discount rate of 11%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of
 $1.6 million
 within Asset impairments
 associated with customer
 contacts and related relationships. This impairment charge
 represents a write down of the total net book value of the
 intangible asset as of April&amp;#xA0;30
 2013
 and is included within
 the Nuts reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized
 as a result of management&amp;#x2019;s decision to cease production and
 shipment of products with the brand associated with these customer
 contracts and related relationships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxe&lt;/i&gt;s
&amp;#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently
 enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax
 assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
 than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
 not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based
 on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation
 allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts
 will not be recovered.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There are
 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Information for
 pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of
 plan assets as of July&amp;#xA0;31 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair values
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments for fiscal 2014 and
 fiscal 2013 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 61pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability
 Derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;Sheet&amp;#xA0;Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Derivatives not designated
 as hedging instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Prepaid&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;other&amp;#xA0;current&amp;#xA0;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;Warrant liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The changes in
 the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snacks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nuts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;410
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;410
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components
 of loss before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows
 for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(142
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(152
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(65
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(20
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(23
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(19
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(162
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(176
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(84
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;61
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;126
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less inventory
 reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;124
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of
 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of net (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Settlement cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Curtailment cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit cost /
 (income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes stock option activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;78
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;68.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;57.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(12)
 Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s chief operating decision maker (&amp;#x201C;CODM&amp;#x201D;)
 changed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 and in the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013 there was a change in the information used
 by the CODM to make decisions about the allocation of resources and
 the assessment of performance. As a result
 during the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company changed its operating and
 reportable segments. The Company previously had one operating
 segment and one reportable segment; it now aggregates its five
 operating segments into two reportable segments based on
 similarities between: economic characteristics
 nature of the
 products
 production process
 type of customer
 methods of
 distribution
 and regulatory environment. The Company&amp;#x2019;s two
 reportable segments are Snacks and Nuts. The Snacks reportable
 segment predominately includes products sold under Kettle U.S.
 Kettle U.K. and Pop Secret. The Nuts reportable segment
 predominantly includes products sold under Emerald and Diamond of
 California.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The Company
 evaluates the performance of its segments based on net sales and
 gross profit. Gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of
 sales. The Company&amp;#x2019;s CODM does not receive or utilize asset
 information to evaluate performance of operating segments
 so
 asset-related information has not been presented. The accounting
 policies of the Company&amp;#x2019;s segments are the same as those
 described in the summary of critical accounting policies set forth
 in &amp;#x201C;Management&amp;#x2019;s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and gross profit by segment for fiscal
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
 sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;473
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;391
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;426
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;556
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross
 profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;168
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;152
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;128
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;39
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;53
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;208
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;205
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;179
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Net sales by
 channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;473
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Retail Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;331
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;365
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;473
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;804
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;803
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;898
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Non-Retail International
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;38
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;37
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;North American Ingredient
 Nuts/Food Service Nuts Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;21
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;22
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;31
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total
 Non-Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;60
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;60
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;82
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total Net
 Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;648
664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;659
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;754
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;150
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;134
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;141
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;65
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;70
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;84
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Europe sales
 primarily include sales of Kettle Brand chip products produced in
 the United Kingdom and also include export sales of Diamond of
 California brand products produced in the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s long-lived assets
 as of July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;99
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;103
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;32
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;28
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;131
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Obligations and
 funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&amp;#xA0;31
 were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 99pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Benefit Obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employer
 contribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the carrying value and fair value of outstanding
 Oaktree Senior Notes as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Senior Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;121
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Redeemable Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;89
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assumed trend
 rates for medical plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Health care cost trend rate
 assumed for next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Changes in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2014 are summarized
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrant issued as
 part of the Oaktree transaction. Diamond accounted for the warrant
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;64
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Securities litigation
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;96
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued salaries and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued
 promotion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued current lease
 obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term portion of
 capital lease obligations are reflected in Other liabilities on the
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense/(benefit) consisted of the following for the fiscal years
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total tax
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;3
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;3
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;3
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;1
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Total minimum
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;12
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Less amount representing
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1
540&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Present value of capital
 lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;10
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and gross profit by segment for fiscal
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;473
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;391
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;426
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;556
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross
 profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;168
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;152
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;128
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;51
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;208
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;205
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;179
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13)
 Valuation Reserves and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;br /&gt;
 charged&amp;#xA0;to&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;br /&gt;
 from&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;End of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;54
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;150
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts billed
 to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net
 sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales as
 incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation
 of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
 statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
 materially from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On an ongoing
 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&amp;#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash
 Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at the date of
 purchase of three months or less. Cash equivalents are recognized
 at fair value. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3
 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million
 was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our
 intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign
 earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working
 capital and expand operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
 lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and
 ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and
 software.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16) Quarterly Financial
 Information (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;234
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;190
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;219
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;57
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;55
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 (2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(42
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(105
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;258
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;184
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;199
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;197
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 (4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(143
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2014
 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which
 was granted on September&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 to settle the private
 securities class action pending against the Company and two of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of
 $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and
 a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the
 stock market on August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company
 recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the
 fair value of the stock settlement in Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company refinanced its
 debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt
 refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree&amp;#x2019;s
 warrant exercise to (1)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $348 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit
 Facility
 (2)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $276 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior
 Notes
 (3)&amp;#xA0;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment
 premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes resulting in a
 debt extinguishment loss of approximately $83.0 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 5 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the preparation of
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal
 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate
 used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax
 rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted
 in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax
 liability balance at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million
 understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. Refer to
 Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and
 Development Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We expense
 research and development costs as incurred. Such costs include
 materials
 equipment
 facilities
 personnel
 contract services and
 other indirect costs that are related to research and development
 activities&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt; In fiscal 2014
 we recorded approximately $4.0
 million of research and development costs within Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Changes in
 accumulated other comprehensive income for fiscal 2014 by component
 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Liability&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;3
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income (loss) before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;22
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;19
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 (gain)/loss included in net periodic pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Net other comprehensive
 income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(2
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;22
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;19
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;25
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;23
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair values
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets by asset category were
 as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for description of levels):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements
 at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements
 at July 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;106
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retained earnings
 (deficit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(160
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(157
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated other
 comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#x2019;
 equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by
 operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income
 (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss on debt
 extinguishment for fiscal 2014 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Call premium &amp;#x2014;
 Oaktree Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Difference between
 reacquisition price and carrying value&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Oaktree
 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unamortized transaction
 costs &amp;#x2014; Oaktree&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unamortized transaction
 costs &amp;#x2014; Secured Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;New transaction costs
 &amp;#x2014; Term Loan
 ABL
High Yield Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss on debt
 extinguishment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;83
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of
 Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency
 Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The functional
 currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is the
 applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 rate in effect during the applicable period. The translation
 adjustments are deferred as a separate component of
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive
 income. Translation adjustments recognized in accumulated other
 comprehensive income were $22.1 million and ($5.9) million as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of
 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Management
 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 360
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; Goodwill and
 intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles
 &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; or more often if there are
 indications of possible impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The analysis to
 determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant
 judgment that is dependent on internal forecasts
 including
 estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates
 for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be
 realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these
 estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination
 of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of
 these assets exceeds their carrying value based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For assets to
 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&amp;#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes in fiscal 2013
 goodwill impairment is now tested
 at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating
 segments (See Note 12 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further detail regarding the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 reportable segments). The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&amp;#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&amp;#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&amp;#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10) Income
 Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components
 of loss before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows
 for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(142
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(152
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(65
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(20
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(23
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(19
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(162
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(176
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(84
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense/(benefit) consisted of the following for the fiscal years
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total tax
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s effective income tax rate is as follows for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal tax at statutory
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(56
809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(61
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(29
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State tax
 net of federal
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net tax benefit of earnings
 at lower rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock settlement of
 QSF&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Financing
 related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Impact of tax law
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Changes in
 estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Changes in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;47
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Applicable U.S.
 income taxes have not been provided on approximately
 $80.3&amp;#xA0;million of undistributed earnings of certain foreign
 subsidiaries at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 because these earnings are
 considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax
 liability that would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely
 reinvested is approximately $28.1 million. Applicable U.S. income
 taxes are provided on these earnings in the periods in which they
 are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;With respect to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock option plans
 realized tax benefits in
 excess of tax benefits recognized in net earnings are recorded as
 increases to additional paid-in capital. Excess tax benefits
 realized and recorded to additional paid-in capital was nil for
 fiscal 2014 and 2013. The Company has unrecorded excess stock
 option tax benefits of $1.7 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 which
 will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when such amounts
 reduce cash taxes payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The tax effect
 of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise
 to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock Comp&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State Tax
 Credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net Operating
 Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;178
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;130
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(150
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets
 net of
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Transaction
 Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(116
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(111
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unremitted Foreign
 Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;PP&amp;amp;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(139
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(138
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(112
251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(106
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fed deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current net deferred
 tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current net deferred
 tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(132
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(90
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term net
 deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(115
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(103
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowances have been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to
 amounts considered recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s valuation
 allowance was $150.8 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and $99.3
 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. In third quarter of fiscal 2012
 as a result of cumulative losses
 the Company concluded that a
 valuation allowance was required on certain US and state deferred
 tax assets (principally NOL&amp;#x2019;s and California Enterprise Zone
 credits) because it was management&amp;#x2019;s assessment that it was
 no longer more likely than not that those assets could be realized.
 The valuation allowances may be reversed in a future period when
 facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not
 that the particular deferred tax asset can be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had $384.4 million of cumulative
 federal tax loss carryforwards and $315.7 million of cumulative
 state tax loss carryforwards. The federal loss carry forward will
 expire in fiscal 2032 if not used prior to that time. The state tax
 loss carryforwards will expire beginning fiscal 2017 through fiscal
 2034. As a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718
 the table of deferred tax asset and deferred tax liabilities shown
 above does not include certain deferred tax assets as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 that arose directly from tax deductions
 related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
 for financial reporting. Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity will be
 increased by $1.7 million if and when such deferred tax assets are
 ultimately realized. The Company uses tax ordering rules for
 purposes of determining when excess tax benefits have been
 realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Additionally
 at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had state tax credit
 carryforwards consisting of $13.1 million of California Enterprise
 Zone Credits which begin to expire in fiscal 2023
 and $0.2 million
 of California Research and Development Credits
 which have no
 expiration date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance
 beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax position related to
 current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax positions related to
 prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Statute of limitations
 closures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance
 end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Included in the
 balance of unrecognized tax benefits at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 respectively
 are
 potential benefits of $0.6 million
 $0.7 million
 and $0.6 million
 respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect the effective tax
 rate on earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
 positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company
 recognized $0.1 million
 $(0.1) million
 and $(34) thousand
 net of
 federal benefit
 in interest and $2 thousand
 in penalties
 associated with uncertain tax positions for each fiscal year 2014
 2013
 and 2012. The Company has accrued approximately $0.2 million
 $0.2 million
 and $0.2 million in interest and $0.1 million
 $0.1
 million
 and $0.1 million in penalties for each fiscal year 2014
 2013
 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the twelve
 months following July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 audit resolutions
 expirations
 of statute of limitations
 and filing the amended returns could
 potentially reduce total unrecognized tax benefits by up to $0.3
 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various states
 local and foreign jurisdictions
 primarily in the United Kingdom.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for
 fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2013 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s United
 Kingdom tax returns for fiscal 2011 through 2013 remain open to
 examination.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net interest
 expense for fiscal 2014
 2013
&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Guaranteed Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;ABL Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Term Loan
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest expense
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;51
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;57
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1) Organization and
 Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond Foods
 Inc. (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;Diamond&amp;#x201D;) is an
 innovative packaged food company focused on building and energizing
 brands. Diamond specializes in processing
 marketing and
 distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient
 nuts. In 2004
 Diamond complemented its strong heritage in the
 culinary nut market under the Diamond of California&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
 brand by launching a line of snack nuts under the
 Emerald&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
 brand. In 2008
 Diamond acquired the Pop Secret&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
 brand of microwave popcorn products
 which provided the Company
 with increased scale in the snack market
 significant supply chain
 economies of scale and cross promotional opportunities with its
 existing brands. In March 2010
 Diamond acquired Kettle Foods
 a
 leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip
 markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 which added the complementary premium Kettle Brand&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
 to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s existing portfolio of leading brands in the
 snack industry. Diamond sells its products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store
 chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other retail
 channels and non-retail channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond reports
 its operating results on the basis of a fiscal year that starts
 August&amp;#xA0;1 and ends July&amp;#xA0;31. Diamond refers to the fiscal
 years ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 as &amp;#x201C;fiscal
 2012
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;fiscal 2013&amp;#x201D; and &amp;#x201C;fiscal
 2014&amp;#x201D;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis of
 Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period
 presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revision of Financial
 Statements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the
 preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory
 income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not
 correct as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the
 statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred
 income tax liability balance at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3
 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. The
 Company assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with
 Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#x201C;SEC&amp;#x201D;) Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;99
 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; and concluded
 that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated
 financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects of Prior Year
 Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements
&lt;/i&gt; due to the immaterial nature of this
 error
 the Company revised the 2013 consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;106
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retained earnings
 (deficit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(160
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(157
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated other
 comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#x2019;
 equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by
 operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income
 (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation
 of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
 statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
 materially from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On an ongoing
 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&amp;#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Certain Risks and
 Concentrations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 9% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 or 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of
 Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency
 Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The functional
 currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is the
 applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 rate in effect during the applicable period. The translation
 adjustments are deferred as a separate component of
 Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive
 income. Translation adjustments recognized in accumulated other
 comprehensive income were $22.1 million and ($5.9) million as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash
 Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at the date of
 purchase of three months or less. Cash equivalents are recognized
 at fair value. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3
 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million
 was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our
 intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign
 earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working
 capital and expand operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;All inventories
 are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or
 weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut
 purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their
 walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to
 the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price
 for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal
 year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
 lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and
 ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and
 software.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Slotting and Other
 Contractual Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In certain
 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and
 Development Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We expense
 research and development costs as incurred. Such costs include
 materials
 equipment
 facilities
 personnel
 contract services and
 other indirect costs that are related to research and development
 activities&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt; In fiscal 2014
 we recorded approximately $4.0
 million of research and development costs within Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of
 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Management
 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 360
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; Goodwill and
 intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles
 &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; or more often if there are
 indications of possible impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The analysis to
 determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant
 judgment that is dependent on internal forecasts
 including
 estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates
 for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be
 realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these
 estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination
 of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of
 these assets exceeds their carrying value based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For assets to
 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&amp;#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes in fiscal 2013
 goodwill impairment is now tested
 at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating
 segments (See Note 12 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further detail regarding the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 reportable segments). The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&amp;#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&amp;#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&amp;#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee
 Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
 qualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are
 made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation
 increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different
 assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of
 expense over different periods of time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Promotion and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotional
 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Advertising expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $41.5
 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.1 million
 $3.5 million
 and $5.8 million for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts billed
 to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net
 sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales as
 incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxe&lt;/i&gt;s
&amp;#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently
 enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax
 assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
 than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
 not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based
 on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation
 allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts
 will not be recovered.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There are
 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial
 Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrant issued as
 part of the Oaktree transaction. Diamond accounted for the warrant
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair value
 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s notes payable
 and long-term obligations except its Notes at the end of each
 fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the balance
 sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to
 current interest rates and terms for similar financial
 instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based
 Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related Party
 Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2014
 and fiscal 2013
 three members of the Diamond Board of Directors
 were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond purchased
 walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&amp;#xA0;In fiscal
 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 costs associated with the
 acquisition of walnuts from these related parties were
 approximately $18.7 million for the 2013 crop
 $15.5 million for
 the 2012 crop and $4.7 million for the 2011 crop respectively
 of
 which $3.5 million and $4.4 million were included in payables as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive
 Income &lt;i&gt;(Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance
 requires an entity to report the effect of significant
 reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on
 the respective line items in net income if the amount being
 reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net
 income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified
 in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required
 under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual
 periods. The Company adopted this guidance in fiscal 2014 and the
 adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated
 financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-011&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;
 This new guidance provides specific financial statement
 presentation requirements for an unrecognized tax benefit when a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an
 unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented
 as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In January
 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of
 Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an entity.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance
 provides new criteria for reporting discontinued operations and
 specifically indicates a disposal of a component of an entity or a
 group of components of an entity is required to be reported in
 discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic
 shift that will have a major effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 operations and financial results. The new guidance also requires
 expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#x201D; The new guidance provides new
 criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or
 services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to
 which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
 to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been
 recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the
 future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative
 information will be provided about the significant judgments and
 changes in those judgments that management made to determine the
 revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the
 first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The
 Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and
 has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Stock Compensation (Topic
 718).&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance provides new criteria for
 accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
 provide that a performance target could be achieved after the
 requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance
 target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the
 requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A
 reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it
 relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost
 should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
 that the performance target will be achieved. The standard will be
 effective for the first interim period within annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial
 Statements&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Going Concern&lt;/i&gt; (&lt;i&gt;Subtopic
 205-40).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new guidance addresses management&amp;#x2019;s
 responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
 an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to
 provide related footnote disclosures. Management&amp;#x2019;s evaluation
 should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known
 and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements
 are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim
 period within annual reporting periods beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
 does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe
 that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The tax effect
 of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise
 to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
381&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock Comp&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State Tax
 Credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net Operating
 Losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total gross deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;178
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;130
985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(150
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets
 net of
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Transaction
 Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(116
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(111
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unremitted Foreign
 Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;PP&amp;amp;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total deferred tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(139
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(138
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(112
251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(106
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fed deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current net deferred
 tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current net deferred
 tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(132
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(90
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term net
 deferred tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(115
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(103
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: income allocated to
 participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: undistributed income
 reallocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(164
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dilutive shares &amp;#x2014;
 stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss per share attributable
 to common shareholders (1):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A
 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates
 would have the following effects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect on total of service
 and interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
054&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Annual
 maturities of long-term debt as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=83%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;626
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance represents
 principal maturities and does not include contra-debt liabilities
 associated with the Term Loan Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;234
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;190
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;219
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;57
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;55
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84
190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 (2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(42
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(105
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
954&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;258
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;184
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;199
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;50
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;53
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;54
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;197
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income (loss)
 (4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(15
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(143
741&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(6.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 0.5pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 8px; WIDTH: 10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2014
 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which
 was granted on September&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 to settle the private
 securities class action pending against the Company and two of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of
 $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and
 a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the
 stock market on August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company
 recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the
 fair value of the stock settlement in Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company refinanced its
 debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt
 refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree&amp;#x2019;s
 warrant exercise to (1)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $348 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit
 Facility
 (2)&amp;#xA0;prepay approximately $276 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior
 Notes
 (3)&amp;#xA0;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment
 premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes resulting in a
 debt extinguishment loss of approximately $83.0 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 5 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the preparation of
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal
 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate
 used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax
 rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted
 in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax
 liability balance at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million
 understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. Refer to
 Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(7) Balance Sheet
 Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;40
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;61
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;126
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less inventory
 reserves&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;124
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;64
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Securities litigation
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;96
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued salaries and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued
 promotion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accrued current lease
 obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;117
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term portion of
 capital lease obligations are reflected in Other liabilities on the
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3) Equity Offering and
 Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help align employee and
 director incentives with stockholders&amp;#x2019; interests. The 2005
 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Plan&amp;#x201D;) was approved in
 March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options
 restricted
 stock
 stock bonuses
 restricted stock units
 and stock
 appreciation rights. The Compensation Committee of the Board of
 Directors administers the Plan. A total of 2
500
000 shares of
 common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan
 and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan is
 increased by an amount equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total
 outstanding shares as of July&amp;#xA0;31 each year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In 2005
 the
 Company began granting shares of restricted stock and stock options
 under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest over three
 four or five-year periods. The stock options expire in ten years
 and vest over three
 four or five years. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 options to purchase 1
495
791 shares of common stock were
 outstanding
 of which 835
518 were exercisable. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had 1
514
563 shares available for future grant
 under the Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;ASC 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 requires the recognition of compensation expense in an amount equal
 to the fair value of share-based awards. Beginning with the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s adoption of ASC 718 in August 2005
 the fair value
 of all stock options granted subsequent to August&amp;#xA0;1
 2005 is
 recognized as an expense in the Company&amp;#x2019;s statement of
 operations
 typically over the related vesting period of the
 options. The guidance requires use of fair value computed at the
 date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value of
 restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based compensation
 expense over the vesting period
 generally three
 four or five
 years from date of grant or award. The Company recorded total
 stock-based compensation expense of $7.5 million
 $4.1 million
 and
 $9.2 million for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock
 Option Awards:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; The fair value of each stock option grant
 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
 valuation model. Expected stock price volatilities were estimated
 based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s implied historical volatility. The
 expected term of options granted is based on the simplified method
 due to the lack of historical Company information. Forfeiture rates
 were based on assumptions and historical data to the extent it is
 available. The risk-free rates were based on U.S. Treasury yields
 in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes of this valuation
 model
 dividends are based on the historical rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assumptions
 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below for
 fiscal:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=50%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Average expected life
 in
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;54.53%-55.84%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52.99%-55.48%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;49.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2.04%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;0.83%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Dividend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes stock option activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;78
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;68.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;57.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The weighted
 average grant date fair value of options granted during fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $12.29
 $7.81
 and $28.50
 respectively.
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $0.6 million
 $0.3 million and $0.1 million
 respectively. The total fair value of options vested during fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $3.6 million
 $5.4 million and $4.8
 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Changes in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2014 are summarized
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $6.0 million of total unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to nonvested stock
 options
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
 period of 2.2&amp;#xA0;years. Cash received from option exercises was
 $1.3 million
 $2.0 million and $43 thousand for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Awards:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is summarized as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;32.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total
 intrinsic value of restricted stock vested in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012 was $2.7 million
 $3.0 million and $7.6 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $5.3 million of unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to non-vested
 restricted stock awards
 which is expected to be recognized over a
 weighted average period of 2.4&amp;#xA0;years. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $4.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost net
 of forfeitures related to non-vested restricted stock units
 which
 is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9
 years. Cash received to settle stock awards were $100
 $400
 $100
 for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive
 Income &lt;i&gt;(Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance
 requires an entity to report the effect of significant
 reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on
 the respective line items in net income if the amount being
 reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net
 income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified
 in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required
 under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual
 periods. The Company adopted this guidance in fiscal 2014 and the
 adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated
 financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-011&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;
 This new guidance provides specific financial statement
 presentation requirements for an unrecognized tax benefit when a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an
 unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented
 as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In January
 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-08&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of
 Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an entity.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance
 provides new criteria for reporting discontinued operations and
 specifically indicates a disposal of a component of an entity or a
 group of components of an entity is required to be reported in
 discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic
 shift that will have a major effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 operations and financial results. The new guidance also requires
 expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#x201D; The new guidance provides new
 criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or
 services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to
 which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
 to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been
 recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the
 future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative
 information will be provided about the significant judgments and
 changes in those judgments that management made to determine the
 revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the
 first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The
 Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and
 has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12
 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Stock Compensation (Topic
 718).&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt; The new guidance provides new criteria for
 accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
 provide that a performance target could be achieved after the
 requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance
 target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the
 requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A
 reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it
 relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost
 should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
 that the performance target will be achieved. The standard will be
 effective for the first interim period within annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial
 Statements&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;Going Concern&lt;/i&gt; (&lt;i&gt;Subtopic
 205-40).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new guidance addresses management&amp;#x2019;s
 responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
 an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to
 provide related footnote disclosures. Management&amp;#x2019;s evaluation
 should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known
 and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements
 are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim
 period within annual reporting periods beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
 does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe
 that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14) Retirement
 Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond
 provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors one defined benefit
 pension plan. The defined benefit plan is a qualified plan covering
 all bargaining unit employees. Diamond uses a July&amp;#xA0;31
 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are held in trust and
 primarily include mutual funds and money market accounts. Any
 employee who joined the Company after January&amp;#xA0;15
 1999 is not
 entitled to retiree medical benefits. The nonqualified plan was
 terminated in fiscal 2013 and all benefits were distributed in
 December 2012. There are no obligations as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In March 2010
 the Company determined that the defined benefit pension plan for
 the bargaining unit employees would be frozen at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010
 in conjunction with the execution of a new union contract. This
 amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 715
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Obligations and
 funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&amp;#xA0;31
 were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 99pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Benefit Obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employer
 contribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assets
 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net loss (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The accumulated
 benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $24.1
 million and $21.2 million at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013.
 Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit
 obligation in excess of plan assets as of July&amp;#xA0;31 was as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of
 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of net (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Settlement cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Curtailment cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit cost /
 (income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated
 net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension
 plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
 income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are
 $0.5&amp;#xA0;million and nil
 respectively. The estimated net gain and
 prior service cost for the other defined benefit post-retirement
 plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
 income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are
 $0.5 million and nil
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For calculation
 of retiree medical benefit cost
 prior service cost is amortized on
 a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service
 to full eligibility for benefits of the active plan participants.
 For calculation of net periodic pension cost
 prior service cost is
 amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years
 of service of the active plan participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Assumptions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected long-term return
 on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The expected
 long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the established
 asset allocation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assumed trend
 rates for medical plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Health care cost trend rate
 assumed for next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assumed health
 care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts
 reported for health care plans. A one-percentage-point change in
 assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following
 effects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect on total of service
 and interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(170&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Plan
 Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effective
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010
 Diamond adopted the provisions of ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2010-06 on employer&amp;#x2019;s disclosures about plan assets
 of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plan. The
 fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets by asset
 category were as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for description of
 levels):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements
 at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements
 at July 31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pension
 obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the expected return
 on pension plan assets and discount rate assumptions. Other
 post-retirement benefit obligations and expenses are most sensitive
 to discount rate assumptions and health care cost trend
 rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond selects
 the discount rate(s) by determining the present value of expected
 cash outflows using an appropriate corporate bond yield curve
 and
 then using a single rate that produces the same present
 value.&amp;#xA0;The fiscal 2014 discount rates changed due to changes
 in bond yields year-over-year and changes in the pattern of
 expected benefit payments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diamond
 determines the expected return on pension plan assets based on an
 expectation of the average annual returns over an extended period
 of time. This expectation is based
 in part
 on the actual returns
 achieved by the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan in prior periods. The
 Company also considers the weighted average historical rates of
 return on securities with similar characteristics to those in which
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension assets are invested.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The investment
 objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize total returns
 within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The plan asset
 allocation is a key element in achieving the expected investment
 returns on plan assets. The current asset allocation strategy
 targets an allocation of 60% for equity securities and 40% for debt
 securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected cash flow
 needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within acceptable
 ranges due to market value variability. If fluctuations cause an
 asset class to fall outside its strategic asset allocation range
 the portfolio will be rebalanced as appropriate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The company
 expects to contribute $0.5 million to its pension plan and $0.1
 million to its other postretirement benefit plan in fiscal 2015.
 Estimated future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future
 service
 as appropriate
 expected to be paid are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2020 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 November&amp;#xA0;19
 2012
 Michael Mendes
 our former chief executive
 officer
 formally resigned from the Company. The Company and
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes entered into a Separation and Clawback Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes agreed to deliver to the Company
 a cash payment of $2.7 million (&amp;#x201C;Cash Clawback&amp;#x201D;)
 representing the total value of his fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 bonuses
 and 6
665 shares of Diamond common stock
 representing the
 vested shares awarded to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes after fiscal 2010. The
 Cash Clawback was deducted from the amount Diamond owed to
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes pursuant to the Diamond Foods Retirement
 Restoration Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;). Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes and Diamond
 have determined that prior to giving effect to the Cash Clawback;
 the retirement benefit due to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes in a lump sum under
 the SERP was approximately $5.4 million. The SERP amount
 subject
 to applicable withholding taxes and after giving effect to the Cash
 Clawback
 was paid in early December 2012. Expenses associated with
 the payout in the second quarter of fiscal 2013 are included in
 Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the returned shares
 were classified as treasury stock
 and a credit to stock
 compensation expense was recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Defined Contribution
 Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 also recognized defined contribution plan expenses of $1.1 million
 $1.8 million and $1.8&amp;#xA0;million for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8) Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Land and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery
 equipment and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;217
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;214
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;321
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;297
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(184
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross amounts of assets
 recorded under capital leases represent machinery
 equipment and
 software as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 depreciation expense was $23.4 million
 $25.6
 million and $20.3 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During fiscal
 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility.
 Refer to Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility
 closure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Assets
 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt
 outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;369
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Oaktree Senior
 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;210
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Guaranteed Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;ABL Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;230
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Term Loan Facility
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;403
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;647
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;590
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;637
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;585
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effects of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=27%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives
 Not&lt;br /&gt;
 Designated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; WIDTH: 81pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;as Hedging Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss Recognized&lt;br /&gt;
 in Income on Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount of Income
 (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in Income on&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selling
&amp;#xA0;general&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss on warrant
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(25
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(26
658&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11
570&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
221&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(15)
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;The
 components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to the Company are foreign currency translation
 adjustments and changes in pension liabilities. Approximately a
 $0.4 million loss
 $0.5&amp;#xA0;million gain
 and $0.7 million gain
 was reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) and into income for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012
 respectively. These amounts were reclassified into Selling
 general and administrative expenses and Costs of goods sold in the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Changes in
 accumulated other comprehensive income for fiscal 2014 by component
 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Liability&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign&lt;br /&gt;
 Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;3
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income (loss) before reclassifications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;22
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;19
994&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 (gain)/loss included in net periodic pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Net other comprehensive
 income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(2
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;22
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;19
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;25
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;23
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Certain Risks and
 Concentrations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 9% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 or 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fair value
 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s notes payable
 and long-term obligations except its Notes at the end of each
 fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the balance
 sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to
 current interest rates and terms for similar financial
 instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The geographic
 distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s long-lived assets as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;99
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;32
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revision of Financial
 Statements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the
 preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory
 income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not
 correct as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the
 statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred
 income tax liability balance at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3
 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. The
 Company assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with
 Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#x201C;SEC&amp;#x201D;) Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;99
 &lt;i&gt;Materiality&lt;/i&gt; and concluded
 that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated
 financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;108
 &lt;i&gt;Considering the Effects of Prior Year
 Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements
&lt;/i&gt; due to the immaterial nature of this
 error
 the Company revised the 2013 consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Loss per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;106
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;103
518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retained earnings
 (deficit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(160
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(157
352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accumulated other
 comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#x2019;
 equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;169
969&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total liabilities and
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
172
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net cash provided by
 operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;44
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The effect of
 the revision on the line items within the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As&amp;#xA0;Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Correction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;As
 Revised&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income
 (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Comprehensive (loss)
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(159
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Land and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;59
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery
 equipment and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;217
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;214
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;(1)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;321
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;297
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(184
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131
891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross amounts of assets
 recorded under capital leases represent machinery
 equipment and
 software as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;9) Fishers Facility
 Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On
 October&amp;#xA0;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its
 manufacturing operations within the Nuts reportable segment
 and to
 close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing
 equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s facility
 in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset
 impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers
 equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair
 value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a
 combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.
 Within selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the Company
 recorded severance expenses of $1.2 million related to Fishers
 employees in fiscal 2013 and made payments of $1.0&amp;#xA0;million
 related to severance expenses in fiscal 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold and
 building improvement assets at the Fishers facility to correspond
 with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded additional
 depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses. In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment
 charge of $1.6 million
 within asset impairments in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of Operations
 associated
 with customer contracts and related relationships. This impairment
 charge represented a write down of the total net book value of the
 intangible asset as of April&amp;#xA0;30
 2013
 within the Nuts
 reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized in
 conjunction with the Fishers facility closure because certain
 products were no longer being produced and therefore would not
 generate future cash flows after the closure of this facility. In
 fiscal 2013
 the Company also classified approximately $0.7 million
 of assets as held for sale. The Company sold these assets in fiscal
 2013 for a gain of $0.3 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the third
 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded an additional charge
 of $4.9 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease
 obligations in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 when the cease-use
 date occurred
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses.
 This charge included an estimate of sublease rental income. The
 future cash lease and maintenance related payments made by the
 Company will reduce this liability. In the second quarter of fiscal
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to sublease a portion
 of the Fishers facility. Accordingly
 the Company updated the
 assumptions used to arrive at the Fishers facility future lease
 obligation for the sublease rental income and determined no
 adjustment was considered necessary to the liability that was
 originally recorded in fiscal 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;As of July 31
 2014 the Company has outstanding $3.4 million associated with the
 Fishers facility future lease obligation. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers facility was complete.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Estimated
 future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as
 appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;784&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2020 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Awards:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is summarized as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;32.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;46.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;28.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;52.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;25.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance
 beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax position related to
 current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax positions related to
 prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Statute of limitations
 closures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Balance
 end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based
 Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Company
 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related Party
 Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2014
 and fiscal 2013
 three members of the Diamond Board of Directors
 were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond purchased
 walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&amp;#xA0;In fiscal
 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 costs associated with the
 acquisition of walnuts from these related parties were
 approximately $18.7 million for the 2013 crop
 $15.5 million for
 the 2012 crop and $4.7 million for the 2011 crop respectively
 of
 which $3.5 million and $4.4 million were included in payables as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;br /&gt;
 charged&amp;#xA0;to&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;br /&gt;
 from&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;End of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;436&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;54
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;51
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;150
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman' size=2&gt;Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Promotion and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotional
 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Advertising expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $41.5
 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.1 million
 $3.5 million
 and $5.8 million for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Slotting and Other
 Contractual Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In certain
 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;266
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;297
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;157
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;430
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;455
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(37
845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(29
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less asset
 impairments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand
 intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;392
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;388
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales by
 channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;473
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retail Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;331
074&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;365
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;473
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;804
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;803
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;898
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-Retail International
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;37
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;51
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;North American Ingredient
 Nuts/Food Service Nuts Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;31
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total Non-Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;60
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;865
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;

 Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;

 various employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified
 pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are made
 related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation
 increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different
 assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of
 expense over different periods of time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected long-term return
 on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors until the later of (a) twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to nominate a member of Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors or (b) twelve months after any director nominated by Oaktree under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30% of the outstanding common stock of Diamond; commence or support any tender offer for Diamond common stock; make or participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce a proposal or offer concerning any extraordinary transaction with Diamond; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any Diamond securities; take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require Diamond to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of such an acquisition

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    
















































    
    

 the Company refinanced its debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree's warrant exercise to (1) prepay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit Facility
 (2) prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior Notes


 equipment and software as of July 31
 2014 and July 31

    
    

 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which was granted on September 26
 2013 to settle the private securities class action pending against the Company and two of the Company's former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August 20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement in Selling


 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1 million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally


 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July 31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability balance at July 31

    

 and 2012


 2013
 and 2012


 for fiscal 2014
 and 2013



































































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dmnd=http://www.diamondfoods.com/20140731
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.diamondfoods.com/20140731




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink








    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    



 Net







    



 rebates
 price protection programs



    


    
    



 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment

    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Other


 Other

    



 Share-based Compensation

    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    








    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    




    




    




    




    




    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    




    
    
    
    




    




    


    
    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    




    


    
    
    




    












    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    


    
    




    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value


 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100
000
000 shares; 31
824
701 and 22
766
759 shares issued
 31
380
758 and 22
376
406 shares outstanding at July 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    



 Net of Tax

    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Credit Risk

    










    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    






    




    


    
    
    


    
    














    



 Interest Rate





    
    



 Maturity


 Maturity





    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    



 Periodic Payment

    


    
    








    



 Redemption Price

    


    
    





 secured term loan facility










 Unamortized Discount


 Unamortized Discount

    



 Unamortized Discount


 Unamortized Discount

    



 Unamortized Discount (Premium)

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    



 Current

    




    



 Noncurrent

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Gross

    



 Gross

    




    




    



 Net

    










    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    




    




    






    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    
    



 Valuation Allowance

    



 Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Net

    




    


    
    
    



 Net

    
    




    



 Property

    


    
    
    




    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    




    




    




    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    




    
    




    










    




    




    




    


    
    



























 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    




    




    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    



 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets

    



 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets

    



 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets

    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    



 Amortization and Accretion

    



 at Fair Value

    








    
    


    
    


    
    















 Asset

    



 Gain (Loss)

    
    
    



 Liability

    
    


    
    




    




















    
    








    
    
    




    










    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    



 Cash Flow Effect

    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    




    








    
    




    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    



 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis

    



 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis


 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis




 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis


 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis




 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability

    



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability

    



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliations
 Recurring Basis

    
    




    



 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    
    


    
    









 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense













    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    












    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    









 Including Intangible Assets

    


    
    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    


    
    
    



 Other Adjustments

    



 Other Reconciling Items

    



 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    


    
    


    








    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
































    
    


    








    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    












    



 Raw Materials and Supplies

    


    
    



 Work in Process

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Operating Leases

    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    
    




    
    






    








    
    
    










    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    






    




















    
    


    
    




    



 New Claims Filed

    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability





    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    
    




    


    
    
    
    
    




    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    

 ABL



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    
    




    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    





 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges






 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    



 before Reclassifications

    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges

    
    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    





 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment







    
    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    




    
    






    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    



 Liabilities

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    



























 Value


 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5
000





    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    





 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment

    









 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment
 Other

    



 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Current Period

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    



 Goods

    



 Goods

    




    




    








    
    
    




    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






























    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period







    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Expected Volatility Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate






 Fair Value Assumptions
 Risk Free Interest Rate





    
    



 Nonvested Options
 Granted in Period


 Nonvested Options
 Granted in Period






 Nonvested Options
 Vested in Period


 Nonvested Options
 Vested in Period







    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable








 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Nonvested








 Options
 Nonvested

    



 Options
 Nonvested Options Forfeited






 Options
 Nonvested Options Forfeited






 Options
 Nonvested








 Options
 Nonvested

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding












 Options

    



 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Options
 Vested






 Options


 Options

    


    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period







    




    
    




    


    
    



 Estimated Range of Change





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    



 Shares






 Shares
 Share-based Compensation

    



 Options

    





 Value

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    









 Shares

    





 at cost: 443
943 and 390
353 shares at July 31




 Value
 Acquired

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    














    




    




    
















    




    




    


    

 potential benefits
 that if recognized



    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g770487g38v85.jpg
M_]C_X0?

C`Q-#HP.3HR-2`Q
M
SHT
3HU
P!A;&EU```````#H`$``P````$``0``H`(`!`````$```!EH`
`
M!`````$````5``````````8!`P`#`````0`&```!&@`%`````0```3(!&P`%
M`````0```3H!*``#`````0`````0`$`````0```4(`@`$`````0``!H(`
M````````2`````$```!(`````?_8_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``'_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1

+VVW&S7?21.UG]9:S[JJVEUCPQH
M[N
#\5Y]FX3:_JM]7K[J]N8VZEFXR';'.+O3_J;5T'6&8!^L6(^ZQ^7D

MNE




M;O\`H*UU9M0R
?\`YRV7/PO4&P
8UF+ZOYGVOTK;;O\`/_1+P))`;%LZ_JOF

MYO5!AL^VS4QU19/Z

R?VKU@X-MN
M[U!]J&357(OV^S:YE_N9^[[%'ZJ
R!T;J'V.Y[J3=?K=56UPNG]:VM9D/WU_
MN;]B\)2273X]=OT-_:O;K_W#[GT5EW_


M[K_JC[[U1KQU/I9^L%A=5ZI^RBIC6T^O'Z/[2XVO?O\`W-K?34


M='!U=`````4`````4'-T4V)O;VP!`````$EN=&5E;G5M`````$EN=&4`````

M```

`



M8W14;W!L;VYG```````X0DE-`^T``````!`!+`````$``@$L`````0`.$))
M300F```````.`````````````#^````X0DE-!`T```````0```!X.$))3009
M```````$````'CA24T#\P``````0```````````0`X0DE-)Q````````H`
M`0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&```````!`]F9@`!
M`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4````!`T````&````
M```!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________________`^@`````
M_____________________________P/H`````/______________________
M______\#Z`````#_____________________________`^@``#A24T$```
M````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`````.$))300:````
M``.3````!@``````````````%0```&4````O`$0`90!S`&

M`&\`;@`@`&\`9@`@`$$`;@!N`'4`80!L```0@!O`&X`=0!S```4`!L`&$`
M;@`@`#@`7P`Q`%\`
0`T```1@!)`$X`00!,`T`
0````$`````````````
M`````````````0``````````````90```!4``````````````````````0``






969T;&]N9P``````````

M`````&YU;&Q415A4`````0```````$US9V5415A4`````0``````!F%L=%1A





M9G1/=71S971L;VYG``````````QB;W1T;VU/=71S971L;VYG``````````MR

M24T$%```````!`````(X0DE-!`P`````!IX````!````90```!4```$P```8
M\```!H(`&``!_]C_[0`
061O8F5?0TT``?_N``Y!9&]B90!D@`````'_VP$
M``P(`@)`P)0P1PH+$14/#`P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P!#0L+#0X-$`X.$!0.#@X4%`X.#@X4$0P,
M#`P,$1$,#`P,#`P1#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#/_``!$(
M`!4`90,!(@`$0$#$0'_W0`$``?_Q`$_```!!0$!`0$!`0`````````#``$
M!`4&!P@)@L!``$%`0$!`0$!``````````$``@
$!08'`D*Q```00!`P($

S1R@M%#
M!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH

M-/$E!A:BLH


MT;'

R
SIWU7Z;;8[TNHD'



C(Z1
OEZB7#^\]@R^FQH=6]KVGNTR/



M]YA^T
__`




_G5B]]3F?O_I5XFDDGUV?]I_JOW?T_P#NO^J/OO5&O'4^


M4_H_3L&0ZSU/^MKP5))C]?!_@'_-5\S[K@






M0V]R92`U+C
M8S`Q
2`V-BXQ-#4V-C$L(#(P
3(O
#(O
#8M
30Z-38Z



M




M
T





M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



`````````$G-21T(@245#-C$Y
M-C8M

V
3DV-BTR+C$`````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````%A96B``
M``````#S40`!`````1;
6%E:(`````````````````````!865H@````````

M```````N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N


M
BXQ``````````````````````````````````!V:65W```````3I/X`%%\N




M;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5`IJH$*F`JNL4*W`KSPL+(@LYU$+:0N`Y@+
ML`O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
`

M#?@.$PXN#DD.9`Y_#IL.M@[2#NX/0\E#T$/7@]Z#Y8/LP_/#^P01`F$$
0
M81!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

2XQ
#
M$R
30Q-C$X



MHQS




.


M2`5(2TB12-=)'4EC2:E)\$HW2GU*Q$L


%JX8.AG*&UX<[AY^(!(AIB,Z),XF9B?Z*9(K*BS+
MEHO\C&.



M0)ZNGQV?BY_ZH&F@V*%'H;:B)J*6HP:C=J/FI%:DQZ4XI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@
MJ%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:OB[``L'6PZK%@L=:R


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

MO\@]R+S).LFYRCC*M\LVR[;

MTT33QM1)U



$`0
#`@
#`P(&74!`@,$$042!B$'$R(`#$403(C%0E10A9A)#
7

M9(-TDX1EH[/#T^


M``(!`P($!`

M%C
)L23!T4-R\!?A@C0EDE
88T3QHK(F-1E4-D5D)PIS@Y-&=
+2XO)59756




MLOKO$8Y


[O\`V-M8XH;EWAMG;_\`')XJ;#'-9O'8M
K4
M3*K0P8]ZVHA2LEF5P46




M&]MY[66]A9FM4-&;2U`:5ID9-`3CTZE/O79T2US2[JV[&N+H3E
H9
SCD_AF
M
.FJ8]Q]-5_
XVU.8=GVR]566[F1&#(['2QH2I7%02,9QGY]5;?Z?N^/^
M@:O_`&8#_2UV;_IY_P!ET_C_`/I<_C,O^DW^-?Z8/X9_&/XS]OY_XE_?V=7



MIJ$^TE%/%
X_-NT<Z\H[-;;EL

MQX=

MI-@9VHD;^Z4%!+C8V



M
X8F.(R4662AUE*\0*$]VG%:YZ#;JO=TGP5[2_GP8?HW#OBMC=`;2VIVKU+U
MS)E


:+974
:*L
032=!-4T$$FM`?*@I3-0(^YJ?^@5C[K2WW/\`LLOD



M.79_&IV``:2O;74:U!]






*H_W
7-OO7MSJS&4/7#4&GQMCUJ




MYRNQI^YOD3:L[2Z0ZCV_NO%]X#


9&K]+Q&
M:P4J-?G&K-3XQIITD_A9A=XQ_P`E7M:FZV[*[!K.D)=K]G';6;WWTCU/C.V:

]&O-








?\`W57Y)-13


`
end








begin 644 g770487g50n84.jpg

C`Q-#HP.3HR-2`Q
M
3HU
3HR.0!A;&EU```````#H`$``P````'__P``H`(`!`````$```,H`,`
M!`````$```!?``````````8!`P`#`````0`&```!&@`%`````0```3(!&P`%
M`````0```3H!*``#`````0`````0`$`````0```4(`@`$`````0``#68`
M````````2`````$```!(`````?_8_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``'_[@`.061O8F4`
M9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`S_P``1`!?`(P#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``)_\0!/P```04!`0$!`0$`

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D
M%5+!8C










M?2+6?2=M65]6OJOA?5VFZO&LLN=D.#K++(F&C;6V&!K?;*L9/0.FY75\;K-S
M''

M^KZOK?\`6_22^M]G7Z^D%W06EV3ZC19L`=8*]=QI8_V[]VQ0=]=.D#KXZ%%G

M-*.K+&.3W
7ZH70X8UID`_2FV^DOZP[H5+^H-:.J&DE[3`'J:^GOV^UOYGJ+








M7EDXOUGZ1E]8NZ-38XYF/NW`M(:2S^=8Q_YSJY]ZL=6ZSTWHV

U[0]AW-<`6D<$%9W_.3

$5M'70Z;O_TO4:J**2\TULK-CB^S8T-W./+W[?

MT_NJMTG%S
3`JQ\[*.;DL!]3(+0PNDDCVC]UOM239X2.+J/1_P!TUC]6.B'J

M@.Z1UH_6EO5!U`CI8KV'!UB=NWZ'\W]/]-ZO\Y^8E];^E=4ZMT@XO3+_`$;O
M4:][2XL%C!.ZHV
]S?WT.AT98D^YC_7=!Z]?U7]1L8?U;Z5A]'?T:NLNQ+0X

=BNW54NVC8_\QUQ9[GN9^;]!;O2
M



MV

@'U8'IVT_2;L8WVL_D+F/K




@XF5:V*KQ/M


S;Q%MX'N([_Y





OIOV1

73H;***WOLKK8Q]IFQ[6@%Q'[[A])#735?&
M4`)@PLR^0W\G_?/(?7+ZZY_1.HU8.%36X^F+K;+MQ#@2YNRO8YG[GOL70T=9
M;;T!O6C2\-.-]I-`U=HWU-C4NKX'0
HTNZQ5CO+7;:#D;0=Q_
9OC=N_T:T6

9$A\\OWW`^J'UI/UDQLBUV-]F=CO#3#M

MVU
DG:QH:)/)AJ(EK6ZV4L9G(B%0/RQXOE_PE)))(L:DDDDE*22224__U/54

MQ;]=8KK;6V2&`-!)DP!&I6?UK

-MS69&YVW96?I6+20TLLDI3
M





M0W!T;F)O;VP``````$-L8G)B;V]L``````!29W--8F]O;```````0W)N0V)O
M;VP``````$-N=$-B;V]L``````!
8FQS8F]O;```````3F=T=F)O;VP`````
M`$5M;$1B;V]L``````!);G1R8F]O;```````0F-K9T]B:F
````!````````

M````````0FQD(%5N=$8C4FQT````````````````4G-L=%5N=$8C4'AL0'+`
M```````````*=F5C=&]R1&%T86)O;VP!`````%!G4'-E;G5M`````%!G4'
`
M````4&=00P````!
969T56YT1B-2;'0```````````````!4;W`@56YT1B-2


M``!X.$))3009```````$````'CA24T#\P``````0```````````0`X0DE-
M)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&````
M```!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4````!
M`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_________________________
M____`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/__________
M__________________\#Z`````#_____________________________`^@`

M```4`!L`&$`;@`@`#@`7P`Q`%\`,0`T```1@!)`$X`00!
`````0``````

M;&Q497AT5$585`````$```````EH;W)Z06QI9VYE;G5M````#T53;&EC94AO

`````C_P````
M````.$))3001```````!`0`X0DE-!!0```````0````.$))300,``````V
M`````0```(P```!?```!I```F]P```UF`!@``?_8_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``'_
M[@`.061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5
M$Q
8$0P
#`P
#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.
M#1`.#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`S_P``1`!?`(P#`2(``A$!`Q$!_]T`!``)_\0!/P``

!`(%!P8(!0,,,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
M
@84D:&Q0B
D%5+!8C






3J_2\W)NQ




M/0.FY75\;K-S''

M^P/2DV:;MVWX^KZOK?\`6_22^M]G7Z^D%W06EV3ZC19L`=8*]=QI8_V[]VQ0
M=]=.D#KXZ%%GK[_1];:/3]4_X&9W_P!K8I?6GZU8_P!7:J2ZEV3?DDBNII#1

7ZH70X8UID`_2FV^DOZP[H5+^H-:.J&DE[3`'J








MV


$5M'70Z;O_TO4:J**2\TULK-CB

M;W-(:^)VDC1VT_NJMTG%S
3`JQ\[*.;DL!]3(+0PNDDCVC]UOM239X2.+J/1


MMT@XO3+_`$;O4:][2XL%C!.ZHV
]S?WT.AT98D^YC_7=!Z]?U7]1L8?U;Z5A

=BNW54NVC8_\QUQ
M9[GN9^;]!;O2



M/%P69KS8:

@'U8'IVT_2


DALDD

@XF5:V*KQ/M







MZZ#K?6

73H;***WOLKK8Q]IFQ[6@%Q
M'[[A])#735?&4`)@PLR^0W\G_?/(?7+ZZY_1.HU8.%36X^F+K;+MQ#@2YNRO
M8YG[GOL70T=9;;T!O6C2\-.-]I-`U=HWU-C4NKX'0
HTNZQ5CO+7;:#D;0=Q
M_

9$A\\OWW`^J'UI/UDQLB

MW[BT::**&;**VU
DG:QH:)/)AJ(EK6ZV4L9G(B%0/RQXOE_PE)))(L:DDDDE

M-?MW:.^A9[?YQ;]=8KK;6V2&`-!)DP!&I6?UK

-MS69&YVW96
M?I6+20TLLDI3
(`FX^`?N_O*22218U))))*4DDDDI22222G_]DX0DE-!$`
M`````%4````!`0````\`00!D`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O`',`:`!O`'``
M```3`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P```0P!3`#8````!



P
3$@-C8N
M


N;W)G+S$Y.3DO
#(O




Z9&
]






C`Q-TP.2TR-50Q
M,3HU,#HU.LP-3HS

M9F9I8V4@5V]R9`R,#`W(B!X;7`Z36]D:69Y1&%T93TB,C`Q-TP.2TR-50Q
M
3HU
3HR.2LP-3HS

M
3HU
3HR.2LP-3HS


S(U-C0T130Q
4$P1D$Y13A!
T8T
M-C8U

C4V-#1%-#$Q03!&03E%.$$S1C0V-C4S0B(@




M86-T:6]N/2)D97)I=F5D(B!S=$5V=#IP87)A;65T97)S/2)C;VYV97)T960@


M;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7`N:6ED.D)#14$V
#
R-38T-$4T
3%!
$9!.44X03-&
M-#8V-3-(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R,#$T+3`Y+3(U5#$Q.C4Q.C(Y*S`U.C,P
M(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W`@0U,V(A7




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

#`P
#
M`P
#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1`!?`(P#`1$``A$!`Q$!_]T`
M!``2_\0!H@````8`P$`````````````!P@&!00)`PH`0`+`0``!@,!`0$`
M```````````&!00#!P((`0D`@L0``(!`P0!`P
`P,#`@8)=0$`P01!1(&

11!
B
55%%F$D
;GZ.GJ]/7V]_CY^A$``@$#`@0$`P4$!`0&!@5M`0(#$00A$@4Q
M!@`B$T%1!S)A%'$(0H$CD152H6(6,PFQ),'10W+P%^&-624QAC1/&BLB8U
M&50V160GG.#DT9TPM+B\E5E=58WA(6CL\/3X_
I&I2DM



!``(1`Q$`/P#?X]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO

@VG\F^X_C8_3O=&V
MNV
K-U'7M1/V1CL!K\FRMS:



'-QV][-B(80U'#EKB3QF`


M]TG=V[PVEL';N5WAOO=&W=E;2P5.*O-[HW;F\9MS;N'I3+'`*G*YO
5-'C
?

MS2M%1`68T!-`#CIXHJVBR=%29+&U=+D

MJIZ#*QFDJ9J9IH:6KM#*R2D(4\-Y:3RRP0W--'\0!J1]O0IWOD7G'EO:MIW
MS?N7+NTVB^4&62




^X7N99[CN'*6T+)8V[:&DD



_)


M-_N1RAL?)V\6EI%96CH\DD2L'N)(HS%&[ZF94THS56

MK_#?&?!QHL[ENEZ/HZ3H.N-7E'@W+EMHUFUYMKY6NFRU(D7VN;R
%3+4&2%%
MCBG?T($`3V9I9PI9K8Y

+;E]:M%K&LHD

+G-V;K[!


52TN%QM?/Y)O$T]7/

MB=F9VJ2WR%`
4`H/V\3T*/=SWDY@]X-PVB]WJPM;6&RB=(XX`^FLK!I7)=F8

M\=6C/?:RYC;M/
M%E*S#-NC(-2NVE0U4WE671%X[S;;:3WUKN
L9-UIFIH



M*@L`/=6U:6T4UTQ7A7RZ4V8M&O+5;]W6Q


VQ0;
ZY/\LT]

MA4_=.CT[M7VUKQQ332F:]#^*S]FO]9B:\EW&[_UW_K*+$!)H\/Q?L\'P?IZL

)^WX*`Y/YO6X/GKMOXDU&0_EZ8K

]V?S$L

M4NW':EJ
/$@_=[V;H9YHRP\7Q]+&1U$19G:?N6:@)UFA)!_PH@WQ\
MAZ3^89N+]K;BWYMSI_$[/V)7?&FCH\WN7`[#JL%-@*-]WYS;3XNJH<?7[[;



M0K3[KP=+O?*?.+_0=G)NM9L_CWK^W




M&5DH:3(F

M5_J7!MD'

MB$OCIO!%


M0QSGQ


MC:QQO\

[.T,=LGL/Y(;F;:74F!J<;FZ\Y[+KH

MAJ:^2G@DK*J.






M[J%N;GZ?6WU!M5XW%-'AZ:#5I
FLIW4KV]/'\TC^:EL+^6=M/K6;)=;9WN'L
MOMW)YZFV5L/$9VBVI00X;:E/CYMS;GW)NBNH
LF
Q^.ES%'!##%25$]7//I4

M3LAE;7*6\...

NIFT
22P@5-:@=9N@_P;-T=W?_+[[)_F`3;4W;LO:W3.
M/WU%VEUM6RT&9W1@-W[$I*2KJ=JXG*47V^+SZ;@CRU`V-K@M/%+'71F9(&65
[@\)MK@!DC






C
A4@,ITFK`G3&^2O_
M``HPZ/\`CG\OMV?'KZ(W]N_K_JS?4?7/;G=6-W-A:!]N[AI9J2#=51MGKZI



U<+LO'P93<F^-S[OUG;.!P$
M-=5XS&Q2Y&&*2=YZNHIX(*:&21FNH1C:]OH+&W^IFJ4J`*I)/`?[/`#)Z@K


=!B]T;0WEMJ6&+.[:S4%%69+&35%(*J&:.

M`Q-=+&LB21
6CEBDKHD0L%8`T((95(92*4H2&_5O\S7XD=Q?
/LSX-;'WGG*

L4

M0B13*J2U


+L
:_<7=9]EY0VLW6X16[S.-:(%C2@+

MM--;SQE)XV*LIP5930@CU!%#T3#
M_AR/X

'_P`^WO\`PO\`XN%N?O/^+9IY
M^YMS[0?O7;?^4R/^V\+C_HG\'V]#S_6K]PM6G^J]QJ_=O[PXI_N)_OWX_P`O

MNXI

M\$SQ22PJSQFJD@$J:4J/0TZ6[9S+S!LMENVV[1O5S;6%]&([B..1D29!6BR*
MI`89(SY


M);[E;RK)%(A*NCH:JRL



MMPO

(FT^+X);)CU4IV_`2O4?Y]_RWOCM_


F9I8*//XR*?(8[


Y/@WM?:&3RG1V^


MA-8XXXR3^F


ML#K3.4VR\:-@;P6.H&U\WV%7[8DDRNYL[@*4O-0K+!BHGK(UJ7ADT:/979[!



MNPG[1W/C^\=R=^;2:@Q63;M]:+'C:F^^NJ8R9O%TFV=MX6BIZ''T=1)6Q5F


ML-O2U^BA:SCLI:LOTNIO$AG-$8R.Y9W8!2L@6@H@!R_RO/Y-GQX^#&_]R=_[


MYRY'L^T)(L\D0

M

U3?QTT$9R\&/R%'!D

P!HK$4R?/-

M[0VT

U[8W#A#HJ?#
B.4&`2`H%D'R/^



@CT(.01U$?*7.7
?(^_VW
W+6Y-;[O%7OHKAE;XTD5P

@$=###30Q4]/%%3T]/%'#!!#&D4,,,2.****





VDK
L3D*
M]`&C.=2ARRU(H1T^)71??G3_`

M59!F$V_D*7(YV.#+[ABV/3UU'1PU58D=17)CUEE56D(BSM[BPAMYI]5PJ4
M+9.?7.33YY-.@USSS)RQOWN3O'
^Q;`+?E::_65+6BI6
%-:E4)6


9#=

M(:NLFE

M1&I\


MKUF_O[G0;=VW28++=9YK#8W[FJVG&NX8:G)0RS118_(+D6D
QF2=48WNQO7W

MKW/)&NR*3/;VJ]V8WIJJWEB)JS[:%=C3G;
]7!))3T7W+I&[4\*L3B.PNQL!
ML0VFY








MMD:ZCA7(9D+F\S!@



[8[-8^*M$51%J8)*I`)'/M5#()HHY0I`90:'!%?

7&I\L4!Z%WL!]WC
MEKW.Y3W+FGF7=[Q%-V]K#%:F-61T1',DI=)-1/B#1&`M0I))J`MQ.Q?F/C]V
M?`3?.NIZWW=!CZ_XV-\AJSJW%Q');L:*DV1-OLVOAF,$(R,U2U,\5'4F)%
MGA9)BBJVD'$=X'L%OO:ACUZ?/A6G4![ER!+8^Z%Q[:IN\!E7=_H1<MVQ9F$
M0D?)TTJZU.D@K4TKT5C^4/_`#2Y_P:%UQVYN[(]
-U#F.I=Y8+;M6N+W8V

MJ5#:E((J*'UIQ'K\J'H9^^OLQ'[-[ML5C!S$-PMKZ!W!:


G)#
=J[9K-QUV.GSC9

M(S3

MQ
HI\E5RU^1FI
30P4%-+7UTQ
U;6
MR0TZF65_5)(2QY/LX50JJHX`4Z@R[N9+V[N;R55$LLC.0HTJQ+$*!@IP!P



M?SWT`MOH;

OXTZ_
M#&:*WY)VE^`=:9.O[

([KWOW7NO_]D_
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&#xA0;31
 were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Benefit Obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year

 
 
21
203
 
 
 
30
637
 
 
 
1
758
 
 
 
1
996
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial loss
 (gain)

 
 
2
590
 
 
 
(4
366
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Benefit obligation at end
 of year

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 
 
 
1
922
 
 
 
1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Plan Assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
14
671
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets

 
 
1
661
 
 
 
1
652
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employer
 contribution

 
 
 
 
 
 
5
440
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
15
787
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Funded status at end of
 year

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
922
 
 
 
(1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Current
 liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Noncurrent
 liabilities

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
786
 
 
 
(1
612
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
922
 
 
 
(1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
444
 
 
 
5
771
 
 
 
(3
454
 
 
 
(4
270
 

 

Prior service
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
7
444
 
 
 
5
771
 
 
 
(3
454
 
 
 
(4
270
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of
 plan assets as of July&#xA0;31 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Projected benefit
 obligation

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 

 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 



Fair value of plan
 assets

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
15
787
 


 


        
        


 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
323
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected return on plan
 assets

 
 
(1
082
 
 
 
(1
006
 
 
 
(1
134
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Amortization of prior
 service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Amortization of net (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net periodic benefit cost /
 (income)

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
145
 
 
 
1
155
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 rates for medical plans were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Health care cost trend rate
 assumed for next year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        


 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates
 would have the following effects:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 Increase
 
 
 


 Decrease
 



Effect on total of service
 and interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        


 of the Company&#x2019;s pension plan assets by asset category were
 as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for description of levels):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value Measurements
 at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
6
632
 
 
 
6
632
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
516
 
 
 
2
516
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
699
 
 
 
1
699
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
159
 
 
 
5
159
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
16
519
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value Measurements
 at July 31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
793
 
 
 
5
793
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
185
 
 
 
2
185
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
626
 
 
 
1
626
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
402
 
 
 
5
402
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
15
506
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as
 appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 
 
 
 Benefits
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

2020 &#x2014;
 2023

 
 
5
369
 
 
 
 
 


 



          

        


        
        


 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected long-term return
 on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 



          

        


        
        


 obligations at July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Number of shares

457
076

079
535

771
000
        


Granted
 Number of shares

000

000

000
        


Exercised
 Number of Shares

000)

000)

000)
        


Cancelled
 Number of Shares

000)

235
000)

000)
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Number of shares

495
791

457
076

079
535

771
000


Exercisable at end of period
 Number of Shares

000

000

448
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Exercised
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 weighted average remaining contractual life
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 weighted average remaining contractual life
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Aggregate intrinsic value

078

757
        

551


Exercisable at end of period
 Aggregate intrinsic value

674

220
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

118)
        
        
        
        

100)

100)

147)


        
        

118)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#@IA$2KP(``)@Z```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#


E4

5B/@U6#

M0N!VSFO
KIW


D36AR)I0



$
M%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M
%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ

M96QS(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````O)O+



@.)Z)PA
T=@=P1




@=RQ:ZA4*7
M:M;3&O

M&_;6X)UABUR@R!5;Y`J*7+%%KJ#(-3MU-

W.8PT3V;++PO+\LN+RPN+]B.Y;%CL=N:^$9;
VLN#^/EF'^8

$%``&``@````A
M`'[4@Q!J```6!X```\```!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R4F=MNXS80AN\+]!T


D5E?M

ML^^D)Z/D-CTHE1VC3J_;'76.4L?M0N&3^3\:R6ZG0S5/PORHXJP0

M#_J4MK]\WNE(?2UVU)*GTZ
\PNZWJ-V*9)HMMCI3VZOV$




15XM/3NB
@X+/[GEM:;)5$)NG13XP^8


2KF!7U=0R9P=UM$G6W^]W?2I#(/V5F/C)A6W
M21

MF@[%$]6Z5AS7:F]%Q)

9Z=V[


MVZG*].@Q
&&UR92)W@7-V$N]!HX@0@S
YLKA%3)X@B@Q2)N5\&R5=7`
4;K`




K?GQY`[4XB\

T

JH?DQCSDIU:J$P*!C*I/7LHU$
&-2:OS.BP

VZDISUS84X&I1]CS3N@B-_?MH85HR)^T-C/B8$C$+$G
M\`K1D&-N*AMCC


9[ODQ2U
M
(8!\




7V;


Z


MN
6%'+$GP/1303UA4


MFQRX=8:7;'+O+H6K\9KJ4*JGC.IF'9KV4XHU%C6#W'AO2ZQ1=O[%=6`QQ3XH



:IM$=O#O20G
T/LD_4]&@2XMR5=J75U=W=YS2$[FB`H0]/?/OMQS;P57A(^S+9C.




M%_N\A?DW[^6I


5N-?W*





NUR%;@BN37171/M_7T@UY
MEDZ^2B^=+\AD`S7Z_26(GN??H:PV&A(K.P*/81A1&(0LH:DUS4UI-0@J&S
M#'-0V

M&





N(]E/%
!*KLW@KNL&


M;='A9:Y+=LW
IF#ULAT97=5



TT@%)]):K
MI9'U$+IY
=F


/7)=
)M$(6S3B
!9RG[A-

MB=YRE93UD

X51N?98Y)
S+=$`6S6B!!$GD4P'%(%&


!G@Q\5`Y+`
M(X4+GY'M);
Y6+9L7L;+5JT.DDV6;












M_)$YMA$!\+M1





M
TF

M!+=IZ$:P33YNA)JK;B0PQGK+B+)5U1#!;1JZ$6R3CQNAYFH8
=L@(XJ
]&ZK

MM?*@KY4'YIY*498`HV&$6Q'=`]3X_345(#WXO5515@\D9$&X547W@'WT[GD1


M=P]E(-R*Z#9^JHGC(5O7CKFC4E3;CA%H-(QP*Z)[



M:&5E='





JS;9SCX
2\O@#%H:Q*^=&1VE:=

M=MS:7\DZ)=1V=IO.H']*=A.3SY8X\]LO;5G\5C8




M55.HZO_7XRY2+=)%4E\7L)]#/!V1S!$TT'I'+(B`T1+@^II/):OP-`X$_M
MW[08
\1$7?\8IB;3
MV(+0*-;7IEK<HZO5$-<TPW9[7K,&YH#=^!%S8CQ.\V+P.BG1(L:P70:7!$Z



BYO#^HH7?X
;+[#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`B'GM








Z
[.J&
MX)'U9#%5'4`5?US/0:1:I
I


U%V2Q]

M+$WW
'S5





MGEGOK*Q27JQL



3]55+4^&R.5Q^78^

T*7G%]_4(Y!P


MP[S2.Q
W`==.NQ]T8M@@!./S5INI&F5H)*B1B'2$8A0:1O5&Q3PRH8LWF(G
MLT-?H.
SI^1H$8B0F*&$\`E/NP8[BT0Q2!



U$A]4M1FB.].





+KQHP4DE
CC\!H'U(Q$


MVO7_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`;Z[`URX$``!
#@``&0```'AL+W=O


MI*KJY9D0)T$+.


EK8EN[S9YY5H^
;^X-+^LOWYI_55M*_RQ'EG`4
C

M[=4K6.P\K'[1&?B]M?;\D%^J[@]Q_967QU



-GQDEXKEZ!-S:$9E`61E1;



5B1PS&W+E:.M]8GY@]**,V$-O.6QSHED-
M\%%W?*Y9@0W-HURB9L3TFLU2
?6V4

M9)%K[DDTP\8;-C:MK^P9@DAGT

MSZ@]^*Q0F)I4DRM%HTWIYBSJ05@K
]\0EO;FOL0]SVPZ&06X?C#$AD9=S:OI
MTG&ZD4:^-'9?PA#42P\

+#:Z94;




HGF!EA8P&!S_E??[\
MU#;O#E0-O+


M-:!Q^&18`BCX7F8.O-B/%-#$5DCQ$&QB9SDV-RZXJ;


3Z2XM9J9JXRP6YSN=PDF;DZY.+!_$
\$BG2$

Z

M74?95E6?V)J:*2-JG1F-3&

F`T-1AY:[RG[D


M5W!O=)B@D

M:T88)9KRWV[1P2'M7@0PB-H]3PR=HL4/'-'@F-
P+6H`(]Y(=V;D
H/\#
MX?1-'[,M^4W%8C!

Y8K0I((`W]LPBUFC8T!3;C=:Q#Q(+%@HC'FO2H\@
M8I]I_:&!LX;'Q`89#Q$(H7!J3!'A
^
'R
41W-]`3YH`Y3CK`$BQ@
D#+0\

NKP^L[S.X


M?:_4?T\+V`N(8F2K):@;2NU4E7U\NR`=81K:SV?W[CG%
+39R\MN8(Z/


#[84X.W-W#Q/ZFF:<59(!^A<+73J

F.GSC-O]*&0+:A


0E-`
H6


-=TTO3I]18RVZ+#:DQ^^1KA9-I(^V3S1(J[M!WOQ2=MWP1MP/%J.F



MB

E:%/2G=3*7?\'U)


R=I6@70J*VOU_P$UX[77AWM9J\
M1Y`'GPD:]KU8!5`0=(6VY$G&NG@D*C?=0@2E@#55EB=!;WT0&&&`WV_6W
MVZ&OZ)/Y%?:]MDNP;@'[3L
+^
I-(6M+*LB1
HZF:)`)G2L
G&[:V[_1#CM.
M^UGB#P;PQL01@G.MW6'@[V/WRUK^`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`V3OL


L:6F$K*F&1[GS52L9S6U0
M7?EA$1^37GC(L-2GL
ABH)G[$9D^YHU&DDDJZB&_%7)6W5BJ[-SZ&HJ[_;M

['1)]Z
M7O@+'Y@VJYR#`U-V1[)B[5Z1Y34)77^SL@7ZP]E!#7X[JA2'SY+GWWC#H-K0


@86^:/-TQE



MV3B+7G0&EDS


.4/+Z;P_$6CY$+IQ)'P?/-A8$R<FVNQK?O

)IX7$2X45=







[N3HMR5KOOLL6/&5=12Z#7/2$]AP_J2ACX7^
PN%B1,7A/%%DM!=]9<&I`4_9$GT%_`<S:6?2F,[D<^YT
MDDD%M(1Q/*_\*$J7[C/T

MA#`:Z$V5:X2D9K)CO?!_]'02C&WD)IF=.D9
-
+
AI(FC@$R=OR^4PW.[

MP00J8A@5PR3TAO!$


5/0;
M$17KI-70$E(])X$C+'-XX/BO5DF&ZY@_9J?-5RW%):=YPXY%P='O1%
5S@
MJ[\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!^`95QY0


D%)1D-M]V19J31

M2FM/UTEZ065-%RCE9.ND3I?-62=U@Y*LO:DL=
LP5GJ9Y)7*&;SF&0Y\



[)S4
M:MDTP/FSA^NIG?L=X:!4XSD*V-IN<`+`EE^/9B.O=KIKY:]`[R.0@ZZP$2
M$4&'8'E@O*$<B+K`@,/8;D2:N`.QP@9O5;(PU#K=`UTDAA8DF2M7/%)/@<-
M)5DB(A@C;(DD'$


(P0)XXSQO`0/O5:CR

M.6A._B(B7$1$8X1IKN16&(



6+%!/WB[XU8AD3+D'@6(GK!QIBG
M^P*&Z(G:D$8$_X[:ML7A:G(U2
M2ZX32LE1XT7UYIK78J
]V.0WAZODHSV?4

M9T$$HZVA`?B$



=G_-=
MG

MH/2SJ3BW!@:D^+*VG9.B&$5E]0$JN4-[!1*2VIAJ4MB6LUIW@7)FL1A.&2
MB@9[AKF^A4









3H
WLB]:C_?OOTEUR5?\[HVB*F=F]T(#NW?
3@)*N`(DZ;]]WO-!8I-E*8OI=CG'L[]

YT5]V)C__?OT$)B&:-

M=?O7E_6%-\_BR%AK`$

M[XRJTG)LV[.JM*A-9%@U]W#P_;[(6


Z*LB:[C@^W8!



MVJ=4II&=A8MK_X@B/142.+T)/\0G+#D/:&\!P

U%J'(KYL
MYA\T*6FG2]:^&2%FD.SYNF1EWW4=K4P2W?0,,



XY]'W6$CD8MU.EI[;7B'22#\7ZF

JS@N1V0%
PC8
M:^LQC-'7UA\)A?F:7K&(B#M
WM9(!I/O*3VP'VES*&IAE&P/
NR%G#4;G)WQ


MV`


M/?#GI^K






M$2)*`!A/M$'IS]
63BIMUU._ER`DDMD56TWUA6RVH#%
X9O2^@`(/0
VU`

40'6B1+U0PEBD*CC!*Y6


M9V@*L$Y3TR-!#-(


(PD.-=.
M]V'58D=1E)S5T\`504*



X%(;O5YK_@+@?P/D@'THR


M
686))1T;1\9JY:N2Y


MLTHS






PVWG_/


M&?7ROX/-_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(&?ERI*`P``H`D``!D```!X



2:+-B]&A!U\!W\A[)'O27XPCR$__XX
0I)['N0F
MM174'

M7@6RU9)


1Q

BZ*^A/Z?G0RO.\%#X2^4-MH7)=MOQD)MFC)/NWVK1-4:M

M/1#UO&@QV^
=-QJ<`66GI-8S
]8?6#H+VZQ'=4P&14'VOX)83AMO8
M;ZO-7P```/__`P!02P


MUB83U[98%O%CG)VW]C]_O[XL;:LHP^P8)CQC6_N+%?:WW:^_;&X\?RLNC)46
M5

+;_.P4UYR%Q^JF-'$\UYT[:1AG
M-E98YT-J\-

M2KO-

M
W#@_$V@/X[B([C9:=W]6LW`G[EU9*?P/2G_XK??67R^E##=
W`DC*V/7Y05
M$8PHE)EX


M3H@1%'5IXP


GK0!(=+FDGHEJ`
B
L


M`\Q+S8&F;T^:J6IVH!!&!T@








M4U^`


F?[K0-_5<J&;M/W0_-W^1'2
M?+=OP.X)M(@US-G\<&F=08^S
B8

9JZ;UT-0S';\_$
@.9G4'L[Z#B6\Q8]&E9)@1/(`;H^`!FR+'<%,8'GGL+.N*](P






9^LQ\NL/?F]G9TG&&^9


M/DH$*!&B1


_S1'Z38\M\
#


*KYQQ0^:\M1N
M![R6#6PXM3_WL

`4$L#!!0`!@`(
Y_X'P/D(W(&C4S<)D;C?92RZ7^_&,VH9H`V-X\Q_O]5=



M[-.V.K@Q7^99S07?-S

'


MTW/1_



59


UL2JW#02$9IK=5W;\[\ADE.N#_

4D;D5&/+1S7Z+S#=K)Q#QC0X#9U+6



`&0``





MQ^\_--YKNDO5/?OIPW^W/WY_KX=4
6^F:U72^Z]_Z`#TWZ\^?ZKFAAZ2=_]Y

MVH3
=/3-_[_V9G6ZMK&Y3





TUTCQ?LR


_L6#K.8
GF/Q;!:[I[.Q`8C=<USW.`T^H17W;FBF]N=@;*;I?.!B,RL7MA2S,G:S
M<O&PB]TW,W4AJ9F5UNL&1B'G@&S.U(\_\5F!O:F;2%**IX44_&DF+I9V3[^







MYD$#UN;(@+-SI-?2M$S0:VG5A]^K^JA_O*U5M^JUM7Q#RC=LYQMV\@V[^8:]
M?



M&M1X*W



Z5Q2`T*O3?-A


M:4#F`6K`9E'97$X#.HO*7D32@
\#U(#0JC79*T0:
'J`&E!:5#8+TX#3`]2`

MPVZ^82_?L)]O.

\W7+0;Y@MYZG[9
M'+ALH;8Q7N4;KML-S&3_.W;30NU,;?YAKM\PWV[82$W[XH/!O-H,$
0$4/
M#M&BFGDT+]FAF4@+6YJ9M+EF4H+6YJYM+EF4P+6YK9E+6([)DVM%.LWR)R
MZFC@WFDU-7L?7DS%4
S%4$S&4
S&4$S'T


M[TIB
5]C
5]C
5]C





PW7.4;
MKO


MAG!A2S.&UN:05Q\,S+;R%[E0CNP^]%2NBHO1_SIZ`2.FZAUM)0C'\H)D`H
M9D`HID`HYD`H)D$H9D$HID$HYD$H)D(H9D(HID(HYD(H)D
L)D
L)D
L)D
L
M)D
L)D
L)D
L)D
L)D/L)D
[.K$;^6Y+-\S=EF)
8S&FL1C36(QI+
8T%F
:
MBS&-Q9C&8DQC
::Q&--8C&DLQC068QJ+
4W%F*9B3%

J

QSJD8YU2





M8

MFJ@GS51G.SS]IW]ZTVFW%QC\1#[TCT0\S3]6(6/6)*(RP;(%MXUN(\J&
MSK9GY0J[?+@L8&@


M2D96
K*2D96
K&1LE*P?O.H9OGSH6
G(+XZ17QTCOSQ&-C*RD9&-C&QD9,C
MOT`F]C'QV1B'Q/[F-C'Q#XF?H%









M


RJ;AQCB&EBAOG&%JJ

(&@Q#5=QX7X:CNF0GYQB6JKAQ


M8PPW5=PXQ[!3Q8US##]5W#C'
%3%C7




M:&BJXL;[


MN7&.H:F6W#BGU73D'8N6W#C'\%3%C7


?P
M5

5-\XQ/%5QXQS#4Q4WSC$\57'C
M'
-3%3?.



M/4YJ:N1I



M%3?.


M'$-1-3?.







?P5$MNG&-XJB4WSC$\C8:G:FZ\+\-3-3?.


U-\XQ/%5S
MPQPU-V8

?P5



?P
M5


'#%RS



MW#%RS\@#(X^




M



-6G3G)

M5%5_XQQ#5?4WSAE2-7NZ4W_C'

3S5

UW1EEJ?+

N]MN.N][D8CO0U3#CCED)&C
M!FE.J-H

W#!RR\@=



D7-&+ABY





M3%5GXQS#5'4VSC%
56?C'
-4=3;.
4Q59^



[#-R
MP




W#/RP
AC@TPF*SHM




6/X%PP!
MU=UX7[L&8TBI[L;[
K14=^

M=3?.

?P5*MO



MGFJUC7

3[7:QCF&I\GP5
5M;%_]XE9=N7N)U;;Z0M^*[Z[3I@]4-OOOVN-T
M['+@]:]*
K+-R$Z'S!L;[GJON]'\/F3+A?N
'#!RR


M7#3(QM


MC7


U79.







'#!RR


M+2-WC-PS\L#((R/J;CC!U=V8











,/##RR(BZ&\Y-=3=FDL$8JJ[\;YV#<;04MV-


0=7=.
=05*=


JK-A
MCCH;




%GY5)WW/C
M'$-*E3;.




M0U*5-LXQ-%5IPQR5-F8
3U7:.

MC7

3U7:.


3U7:

M4Y4VSC$\56GC'
-3E3;.






AAB!L/






^









1;72QCF&I%IIXQQ#4ZVT88XJ&S.&IUII

?P5MMG&-XJI4VSC$\U4I;G=-\EC$;NOH*AOOS!!5
ME8US#%&UU
8YAJA::N

(:J6VCC'$%5+






0148^-][1J
(:4:&^_+T%*-C7


=78.

MQ]!3C8US#$'5V#C'4%2-C7

2=78.

-3-3;.
3Q5
M8^

U-LXQ/%5CXQS#4S6V.J=N;+/UH6]
J+$9D&&J*AL?M6&J*AOG&*:J








015


M\%2ECG

3U7I.


3U7I.
?P



M'




M

G+'R#TC#XP\

M
=

)

$



\+3Y!OO$^3;[PC/$V^\8[P-/G&.\+3Y!OO$^3;[PC/
T)-]X1GN:$
M&^\

BX1=IH:V]YL\@F
MC%PS


3M'?\\8#(^OB



IN&!DQ

C)GY(Z1!2-+1E8M

_+(R!
CSXQL&'EA9






T#3!QCMTP0;[PA-$VR\(SQ-L/&.\#3!QCOTP0;[PA/


MCN&&AYZT=SK^&3I_@&M&IHS

$+`A!L?ZTHP0LJ$&Q]+:)EPXQTA9L*-=X2:



/#'RS


,/#R9N21D2=&GAG9
/+R):1Q!H^OA-KS#2$0(FUOA85X(14B;6
M^%AR\0:[P@Q$VN\(]1,K/&.D#.QQCMS\0:[PA!*V%H)11-K/'W(R1-K/&.






C)GY(Z1!2-+1E:
W#/RP
B:D4=&GAAY9F3#R`LC

6[PWN27O_WV?A/G4_H3+]U[W
Q_E/G
M`A#Y
))3Z/S=^0\G__
OY7V$M`DZ_G


M:$=XF@^4Y&
)3W


=H6U.T/&.T#8GZ'A':)L3=+PSK.UI[^VN




M_O7[AI$1(^
6.:8;'GK2WFD@W7!ERBLS1FX8N65DSL@=(PM&EHRL&+EGY(&1
M-2./C#PQ\LS(AI$71K:
)-WPD9ET8T;XEW-VO'






=X6G2



TS3DWWA&:
]^^.1%Y[=D




M$L;86DC+&V$I8VPM!&6-L+21EC:$N;@Z5#H2


M
;)@9
G(BI%[1AX863/RR
@3(\^
;!AY863+2+H-']]5+9A&


S!FY8V3!R)*1%2/WC#PPLF;DD9$G1IX9V3#RPLB6D80;/C(3;LPT




=H6K.NO&.4#5G



R['
M^B

=A9




XQTA


MFF[#G70;
\+2=!OO$O3;;PC+$VW\8ZP--W&.\+2=!OO$O3;;PC+$VW\8ZP

C
M3XP\



M-]X1AN;WW7A'&)K?=^

M[9PVV^ZJWG^@V?87`S]MMLON=;@O^)+AC(P8&;?(L=GPT)/V3F_^I7C-R)21
M&2
WC-PR


/(R-;1M)L^/A.LS'3
M$8(F&;C8UT)1DB99N-C2W3;+PCQ$RS\8Y0,\W&.T+.-!OO#W3;+PC!$VS
M\8Y0-

M]DX#\88K4UZ9

0;[P@U$V^\(^1
O/&.

DYWA'R)N=X1\B;G.

DY


T9N&+EE9
[('2
+1I:
K!BY9^2!D34CCXP\
?+






$9HFV'`GP<:,\#3!QCO
MTP0;[PA/$VR\(SQ-L/&.\#3!QCOTP0;[PA/$VR\(SQ-L/&.\#3!QCOTP0;
M[PA/$VR\(SQ-L/&.\#3!ACL)-F:$I_FHDOW.(?PNWIU_//D0T;/QGSKO9$O!

M/$_Q\8[P/

M_4KU?]+*_A0=(R-&QBW2%E][RYLY-V'DFI$I(S-&;EZ1R^^__D;TJV.G)^5O
M3YB/KV\!.&7F?*@[1A:
+!E9
7+/R`





\;82G


L?&.$#/%QCMS10;[P@Y4VR\(_1,L?&.$#3%QCMT10;




=X6F*#7=2;
P(3U-L


46[F33UOM7#X[






M
$9JFV7`GS<:


M'^M*
$+*1!L?2VB9:.


MWA&2)MIX1VB::


M=QJH-ER9OJZ\GC?N_23(&1_IAI%;1N:



T3;;A3K*-


$^3;KPC/$VZ\8[P-.G&.\+3
MI!OO$^3;KPC/$VZ\8[P-.G&.\+3I!OO#'MZFFZ[ZWI_FVYPHFU_&?!.LG4O
M^G8Y=+'PUV1#9
0KXQ8Y)AON3MH[O?FB[IJ1*2
S1FX8N65DSL@=(PM&EHRL
M&+EGY(&1-2./C#PQ\LS(AI$71K:



+2_$H;
M[PA/4VRXDPL`


P=5!_ZQ

A
M#'3$8(F&CC8UT)1DB9:.-C2T3;;PCQ$RT\8Y0
]'&.T+.

=H6G.LO&.T#1GV7A':)JS
M;+PC-



/#'RS

M1PB:@.








M3!F9




MN._VJP^?K_INGWSX/.F[_?K#Y^N^VZN'L\_5NN\[K3;YRDO?5^KF['
]ZOW*



MWW[^^;?#_Y.'SI__[^=?_N.K%S_^?P$```#__P

M2!&[S?9_TX'['Y$#'JR9'.[)YD-]EL]N

@VK)-:@:V4+PK]L5
_P63G;O9SLP)_E-9.[)/7







%7-`CW-
MR*#J8-[EJLEDC*.HBOF!=B/P_N1PVCDFDL.O2%8PE1QIFC:(H*:`13-MBXG)




M;ICJ5NUOO&YLEGW=+M
??!AAKS&PP@W(M2:H(]R/+%OG4!F9&FR[#(
(

C[KFU.J_#G]ZIW!F0HA^]TO]N:&U

+R=7T70Y




`

!!]7VG_

YL:I+((H
M#=!27GEVP@+^9$88K?C&;L7V;%DE;9!)NH!O[JP&MUCE9F'PE74OEXK&\R
M4=808LL+KE]
4-\KL\6W?24DW1:0]S




M5F`KQ-O^6X!
[!P/O!5.G]'*VH\=_Q*GKXSO#QK*G4!&F-@B?[EG*@-%


*`GZHI

M6:@TW(-:[GA$Y]3O'8860A
U
!S/M+/0(@!!=`I?%0#(ULDSB1)G9XL9

M*#A[;*QY8BE

M





U*V0L






MS;_L









MY6XG@5)].1!5)B+*:J(-8IK8:BE7]C(V@6LIVUI%9:








M8)7T@
XW0L]SSOS

MT_(;[0B8#=ND-F#+V)./I9JA;[9ZL?]`;\X$Y)*KQOY$]V^$KHKI:PVPDD
MI/):E*_W1!1@*-!X8:*8M:``/AU6JHJ`PS!+_K_0$M9K]QHYB5I$&`.ULB

MWBEZK$H0+8!991:!/__/#%)2:^[4(KT4T`)VXWF-HGFZ])_!P^((VA@0G(`!

M8.

Z)@6S,9B9UA7&63QUS(K/@^0=7;-K=GP5-?$


M

`[3J2X+@)(X.3EJ##

$%``&``@````A`)8#
7K
+U!S*


5569%N@B/E[)*7L[0[^_$

M\U





MU;T

MUC;YO:1)GI^J\FT&

8*&'+\QHHMM7(\)
MHCF6'EC2/I#FS$!,K8HXX\A@XI(,$9`QQ&A[2\A5X37T&N)D+1&)+BLQL3







L6%\TT76EOL.J@*3MQQ
.1






R;/H?\(?5VX7D
M\T\```#__P


MZ6'*9L9TDI]VY;XXO3Q
__[+_^1



M#_X_J5_+]Z`J]FEQRJFU*4\\`T]E^873:




9;=
MP;3M#_Z)QEAU46C;1_EP8]`8;R^#MGV
GVB
NG^L9<



M=-SM$-#/G;72;]TA




JB[4S

3%43Q

/$Q^3`)

7#Q




[




28))BD6B(G

9C&!12-*NGODCYOIBTQ83%Q
/$Q^3`)
0DPB3N/]0X.I2R.$QF8

^*L`E7A7


:Y_$;^[P^)XY]]_UG


MRS/JEME+04\-%ZGH



=*LUVY?C.2+/*O*NMPU


S3:
MLB;HK(UZ^ZT#?U;*EN[2EV/S5_D6TGQ_:
!N$V;$)K;:OKNTSBB(#.;FTPI
M*X\P`/BK%#E;&A1]&?[?

0

F)M+^S
JBTX%GKW*?$8
W?K$2(Q.`YZ]!IG9IFE8]O+V



+_
MY0$D`%/YP61:
5CB-23OZSTQK


$0G&.C8(A1^#DB
M%'T$.;H(Q6-(BL]F3











M%^^7WS9PW;]
9[GW,D_(OUVO=K'A_CE6(!TQ?2#RFL.BD$1,CT]/*_AE2S


!PGWN.7I8_-L=Q_-&

MP7)5IE6\@0\`?W/;M;(&M



MGYAG
@2AH$G7L),DHF#:IBD)H,5.H:%^I<+G0X$*3RTN
MM+G0X4*7STN]+DPX


`29+@H7!L[D4ZJ'04CU42!40*D!
M!B$U1$&G`M8M(PQ:HSA6+]-


06:.PH7Q61U88`@PQ*)0










MXR7PV$DK:4R0W-5\


^_E#H(IFCN4+()4T


ML-``XCDU3(CI[KX+3TAN0-;]E5/0[9IYM`L2)$K55,@(46NU$V!-ERI7(*




M4E-*+2FUI=214E=*/2GUI320TE!*(RF-I321TE1*
RG-I;0@$G6*6HKG3E'[
%92TJZ%DV<(M8V*VI;WQ6KL)OFZB7L8I4S


M34P24ZL


M^EC]!N):)JL

MWK?*L

M\7NR;_-;?(0?3R1OW^#'



M970Q

MZ.DY_W['F!F
7:?)OI1F_'V#/\_8'NS'+S_*D_4]KYNB.F]L-IG:5G[.JEUQ

M.TZ3'?





.HPUQXA%XJ:I7


M=\X]9=4).@!_K;+@J0$CDO[HGN_%KCUN;&\QF2^G'@.X]9(W;5QPE[:5O35M
M5?XK0*QW)9RXO1-X]DZ8/YFY\^6J\W*%Z?5

Q83-I@O^\BNT64^#)[YP




)6

M$J/!2$D0H2KF4T\.[VT+7L?Z=&?K4=?$$P2EA&0Q:HD(@J28+$920A!M!'BQ






X7S\HSOBN=N=Q*ASL



@Q(C73&6B+A+\\\?N;HZ1L;3.:*5JGN`7



J4Z?M
B^B)I#LJ%
K@![
MI0X.^IBY5Q!

P
VG@0C


M$YSH0T7N^IXW=0M


LE0[0




+^GK70U7@E0U4311H$@V5#&C2`4T;


&K=Z0DB&`FWAZC1


]FI7

MGQ*W7




C0**@N+6'JZ)8J1&Q0*2S/S[_=H&AVY87K)S



Z'L-]8$3[MTMP






M+[(C'+1!.%519RD04GU!V_
B9?J66%
MJF@?`1*K7?D]ZS
X[H!Y(3AX7P_LMVWB@*NR?.!09F)AP/Q84
MRB64-A0K*!80^%`X4*Q@6(+A0?%KDX(V://69_('M-2]E2M)\9FQE%=]J`P


M)]Z:K!J8-3
M3`Q
3$PL3!:8+#&Q

MF7W3(HV(8_F.


3&9(7)&A

M#29;3#Q

3$RLC_)%Y
MY=.-!:ZRQ
3&9(7)&A





0^']
X

J$^04--TMO*



R[6ZU4:V[^`+]]2696YU.I]%*9;%$



&0$0MZKYY__^KY4_3J


MAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`\2@#7I_==V0=A&*F

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*
MQ_;=D#AB[C
]

M68

MC^WPNA[.CALY&2-58





Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

MLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@
'].E1!

YJT@
M'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FI




MK^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&


25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+


-D*:'2XH6Z!4%35$V&SY4DDKL*_K=





W_\7*]KW[V

\D#E&\;O``S/A
AZ+?$]M_!U
<MAB.,8T6CA88<C:4OCTF85/68[`FG
2AJ5TQ!M.

;&'#DYAHZ1:D;AQ9\T(KWGYZWT+X(H:F%3F/D

J:YH47KFZN+-6=QE?@HP710-1RUK-!R!Z


CD*W3F:[:J@2!(JL2!(JLFO799*2^(E)@RT%Q





MNHKW05\!-:)NNP4G.@PK)H4[U%M'!EJA
!_GB


K(^DUI
M789XU4[`]'P`R0M]
S_O!P
&0B@5_B0
H`(!GFU;




3M$6JT^-B`@MF73E3WK@I

`.$H@$$.

M8XI!T0Q
O4'1%$PA
'/P6.6H*9(15A`#Q*HJ*N$\;

*=M=J)H03]%T
MAL-

M(6
HZ
28M^R!BA/K4+:(]\'5.X*2R&1.*C



MT-RL71`::X17
R4W(X39MFU*/EG1H+10GX`6Q`KU#C?N.\-)R9XBS-46]K*;
MD4*2'U]'M\S=N



U]
%EEXM$(FP)722'[.OU1+([:W9'MOG`Y7F?`=Q5#`GF?


0&]5PI$/JZ:CMS'D_EFAR.]$WT4^X3
MG'J$#G\*[IYD7TE
*0;:Q^!-_=)7LU]
07)$?[



M#1]
K^XJ`=65_%(H('%Z55VY'U

M\$M4V6C*:M?DU.ZMO2ZS+NLP.


C`Z1\/Z']YJ3X0
C
[)L$D5



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`M


MK&D




]3
;'&[7MR



EFQV?(OY



44)!Y;

MH)WGFSQY'AON/'NZOKOY-#;

I
;(\?'O'FGCM%1V+\EHL1QMK#
M52JMA]XOS6`$9XY&DSX2!5/IW
C:K':6FU)1!*%Y@);+5TFBGX2F(]]PT7G



^XO^SS5ZMIL3/7;KHN*^U7SV



M%=?]6QCL8HQB+F:8?T
Q?7_XI^7
WIN\.O#]_VCG]_*#?Y
MY
UAL?;ZI-?[..6BB56Z-FS2:K%W$U`$JEX*/LF:]NUA:VN.8(S1)=K?#.C!



M-I\EL[HGK[[Y-'



M)OD^NI/6B]H


=S*MYK]GV7H;$9L;6UF-I?`:M;UF'B%W^#
M..AR-KCJRYR[@QKWVK.K++T%


E(V.77E.XV^=U;-X8Z^6^^X2&9O-#NU!LT?XRH:
]I=U2[K

$YQ/C#:'%%




MO(].[%\B25T1E&\1Y1+AN9``];-XD_S`EAH[F8TNB?6.G86*(=Z(DD-WDNE`




MY56;`U98`#VC*NR5$P5TWNK%.UX@^I12IA9%%19
[AJMO@=GRE*_GO8GQ5$?
MP

MG\6+F%9'K+9,O%3I6S@_Z2+CPY5E
\S2X.+RX4:F4HTB=NAX/B!-7LW\8_

5[[UT-ADT&`J8![RC_V];RK84O7U$/-5$FT\2S,SITB06





?.9(JM+^8PQM

(^U9J


$FQV




MIV^BL9HA$2^SJJP'5$B-@\(I&(Z)N;;/T8_;VEW!+J$42GQE_O[RTOH=^/
D\&_J/,TC.F37FI6W_"G9T#GM1?<?L@V,!
M1$$4K]N<%U?TO.R%)`J;$@[&$^=S(:6%[0?RAD`PQY0F4?K=0DF,`4F!2

9&$G5Z!X@ZAPGZ\EX]
M'4
2]GI!R]L
O]/_]1&




M68/*L






M-3RB9VV)27FR?

?3KA_DBJOQ]6X%CNWB)=_`SCQ?\


)C%CNN[.X-5:#09]0
0T_Y:K?4*8
M0.5&EU



M-

VA]QFX%LT_4:9)!
0-L

M^7S?B+C-$





MY]8[

(&OA'\[1/?4*4]BJO_)/F\H*IO`@SV?Y[9O*62+CDASS


MQZ:*%P4NR/R&9)?'9GFEOB+#$G;!;)[

CKBTO--82\[








MA8OBTF*`L=\4=G#8F8*:M2E3CI+;0

MGG6.7(L
%92U0/2XLD6;F+G'3#-3U00V`$34[+[Y!/*8%/N@`OEBS1)(E
!S


M


O*
MMKN^


MM6H.3]J#Q17W

M*#2_=`]O9U-

M4+8HVAM/%U:MI5TZ83TS.08LR0


;W,TAU.^RV4!8K;4/IJI7)8[(X;C

M!/RIJQ5:P63F&WJ&
UQ\5I^80E9V&
5C`#EB`UJV?($PG$%8Z\9N0S/)`GBY
MS

M[5AX&LJ7'A2VW06BWH+)9D9(
$1#=E-/JW
E

M

SF[







AQ%9?=JPY
=M_0:NS]I@K*XZF/R@]S%_T\W&NL%U%;MV51
M'\']H58DW`P#F^/F[D@(-LL6K:Y%0T3
.
CKY_8\\%!B&X$5UBO\]5Z:HT


MU4$]XWCYEZJ0]1&)\Y@G$5$5)5W-


M

;
M'C_'PL4I57JO:D/1\X@J

MY8(M/FI;31NH.1C-$;CT$)Y_6`@)G[VJ&#%JYY]%ZDA3,79D`(GEBJB
4X

1S5/32%




MFT0.








MJ)6?

6XV=J(&O@
N6HNATBW-FJT8*#*#%POSK'U1/&*W:J%)*2/*)$\


K\L$E


MZK8//*&%Z951

MUV0RY6!W*


M

`I_E7@IS!&HA$%$A@F0BBIP%
:3%;51_
M`T1
YI!%T0`V44Q+(7$Y4QA(=2P@U

M-E\7==





M]S_J.M2J52P9:3)21&S7;)U?[.LN3$96`(N/I0+@@JVK)5Z
ZEMAS)%]M0CD

F.R<1G.\\VJJK=6H-ML6;WOJ8I)(43R@3RS4^-?)X[59VW
MU0JG:;DU1^7Q\U26@M<7X=.KWB[CN

MJ
7+O6!S\$W5

AL2*.(





MY`F

MJDE98


M(4VKQ768KBZ
.79$(WN[\A

&Q

M$G2]P#XL\N0(&Z;5!&FP4'D-W^NG!H





&'R%)+`493)+`4XWE

M]

6M7S+

M&EJEC583`_PQ28*Z:*TEYS/339UKH3/O-3/[*TY''.VFFCQH'S.'\N$MB27I
M(T0=/R6]KO@8L)+.*B(E%Z5](B.(;'`L])Z^[Z!YU2=;;8H1!;1\SSG3?!*R
MPM(^9D9\#540JE007`5O0T8U1H4-/RPJ:Q4X:%R%^%(TE''`4//
B*[)@#8!


;RLVW

!ZEMVB82=!#(N:Y&&;*WETT3/NC?%
MRL4FU&%'W1QQ32ZK/!KI6K#)O173`U6T+*LNH$&D03IFXH3`+OJ8ZT2(J\X
M$5



B!/C1.2+7=IUM97NM;.9DU@0?GO/-`5Z@KC!6$ZN1\6*DW.T(D5
M^+=OMD(*@K&`LGZ

R
M`$F7.4D)68)%5II$%9N1U
HX8&HW*:VFQ$K]
Y+.`TGUMAH$DNI/3$J1-'\C






7J8+C#/-%TKE^@A
MY[4O]VUYHV:86EU4ZS2N%



MX]-XRW8&R9_&OWOYT
*M

MD$.ZURZS-CA2
;!]9RNSHJ5X:HWD
*60JZTD:VWF%WZ4%^P;]Z2/@K1=3D5
M2/4[OW`)6JD:CQ&L%EVF/'_GL5,#2'S;L!




G+%Q9#GP)Z^^@QOG'M6//J(
M^:AA%R
8QDW\E;'R21=6

M1RJ`5F7@Y-?%Q[76\)]0A?26YPM/OW\8'?S8160E0K[A+7&ND_K#)2MV=*4
MB[)E'$F;UL[8
VO.



]W4YM$M^]Y2H

MI/MC/4-9W1]K)G:]J

.^ZAH:




T


S%A\KBR7FGCY+[
75
M6\K1&LCD5P*WH^/[(%(ZLI2R






T*T+X9\H6X7B


M58KO2-BU9#9.9=R


E:`;:=:530PV5
2-[O^`9]%L^




/G9

M-$!%[\O=

@3`O+B7']W86-

MFJ&SZ



+)#3QU:1#_K&9`(ITFE0
MS@D^AY97+U&_W-BXL_QZ6EWIY97

M]@Z;*BL7F#_



?=*IK&


?2-5/&Y:YG



\X;94
M&&BZ*234
*[N9F`/(6@!8

MK


CRK








!D)(%(6OP&&I


M

M3WT'RY6/UN4`9PM?F3=


MVLB%\6D2DTD-/#PXL8[?)?

MSW[8;;_Z\MG_._*3[`6L
[7;?P:6MV\:A)7L(F75/((ZGQ-C_5]!_\F\=1XR

STBBGYIZ/



MP8UTSDV9


D4[8?'DQ


MPS\E-29.#C3QOP(?&M`X3BX80)&[=%
Z#BT2R715*K!^`Y&LFO7L!E5@Q'`R
YHF+I<$)\B

W/(^:&^^3L4834(I
S
MKW+LZ8:/@NH]-G(^FRPD2ZT2G
M^XD4$A]2@N&`R)+:=[8G51X

MET\W[E2UGL8]
+L0+A[HE6?2A#Y_4+

MO_=.G5[

MR[-/2^:[L#S5Z%L9K

JS
MZGBJK2@I--2HFB0L@S)O'X:6PS=#]/$HX(QM?9!N:2ZAO4.Y@PI-=B&76)C
M,^YQR\?.4:(K(2A,YQG*^HM[7(ZPOGI[+75&+F9&4=+D+![=W-M:WIS=8OK
M1C=O=C]NK-VY8S]N[G0_WDQA@3+?RQRH3%:*12S;866'3]9N


@ZA7P@#[--![D=
4QI_7WW+1TF5%+<_D#%`$`Y/]J?XW]9?G+RY7-*KNWK

JG9(Z
-#8NTS^/Y/K
@+5!
P.W
N1E5Z0]H&29735
M;;O]Y=O=;(N6U@V\/!DIS)BLC)1F+!JV+Y?8[K^:;'8%$8O&W&RW&N`R#U@+





A%LZC_GA







_/+G5H^KMM9'.(=.U.[WC:U%$?T7!_:WM






M772G4(M&Z7OCV_VK57+R@KL9N**U?U6



M%3BB;%YFIM4$M@]8E3L1;DFO&+%DKC;QY8W5M9[57X]H$?M'
7#Y\=[O.*


[?
MOY$-)

:=

MGGL]#@KRYLXX_/9



FKE@4'!1NFF:EWN;]_R.7G
!!/FK8+U(*7(VD`Q2IL5,R
M!SV7:GX4PU6&@V3TB0=U%OBS%F^A_F&4].2
2V0TH?!L

`K


M96FQ



GI<LX+[U9SV6Q:DJ4;.FU4?L<QQG*EFX!

]`R+0U(6?X;2HF^0S7

(U:420
M]#1CSFPV?D+ZJKI0VW
ZAAH&





M[A9CL[X&FQ*K&5
F&K`@!A#


M(@9L60SR$XFVI2=98EYP2TW6TYTYKP-_*



OI_\ZPU]<;[_#GW.
MOT`;/#W3ES]8#L_%/27Z_5_N6H#GZH^?JOL%7:H_^DWUA)='Y^_
^W.]2M'O
MM-1&[*8&2


O[J&IMS2OPTAUMRBFPY/;J@1K9H:\4*
MA_?K$6WS





D$P?IB7/_9:
??;-<



\O;-?=L

7$4JC


7^J['LW=+#5\R\)_(9#`![(8OWQ&;M

`'O%+^A<:5RUL=T#36EV


M+

6

ML?S5T
N;H:0-)LDYQ`G.U5&80X



VNM

M:4S\RO#[0R)N)LO/A[2K%-?2]?.F:QJQX7;`?CJIWIK,GX6X,0?R;W)!&(

45T5%X5B

7D63P+UQ:]J-OT@)@'
OP=U^$8%@@E=G\GCTL[[L*=VL$Q9X5'6YOX,G<:0^J/IQ\+!?ZXB
MNCVCKM;6KNKJ%^?8T.U`S\3FB]<B1(1FSGZE25LOY5_HD1^Z5_MJH9Q.$D^

QB;;3++J$[?-S:KRE


8X%'N.H5%NLUA[DEIBC2


M-


M
5\7F+JG'J1.+R%8);;3ADW4X!K=V&8_Z@S'%:K)LN$31SQ$H%.'KAEYF\




T%9
_M.AH^X[`5J


MTS!5:7C&Y@2U./K%Z8^H&59/I(WM'9Y@-W'5BAHR*=O=&*H9MU/'!*U\'@94

M!-7C[%



MPJ9S.K
MUI'



MWQ74M#4Y



M0W#=;D
ZYU?K&HWDM2B%8/E:F2]/ZPH




!2I

M1'']Z;%HW)8!B;1`;[[$:8/=IAT_L*1T8@`P\4

MUO(


MS28-3
J_R2F+I4O9KS@/[&30NY@2RZ!A&541EP6(T)0Q:.Q:F810-KYR[I@J
M'4*=3^D@3'`OO$BGY^Y\0A00L:2^0KOB#Y5;A_4(K(8%^IT


8B#6MWMK)@&T(HMF.(3&J6
[1
='?@_1_?N4G9Y2J




$CWYW[RL3B/IB)C2:HMA23
MR8]H


]#M'U&/9^7AT+`@L9DSE`O547




M`@L:D3RUA=J[0]4($$
'$F[0
;'*MSA\@13XE@0?37`@&0[#X!@-YT\KOXFK



M)(Q

PFA\B.2&C+*I+0



'2Y/-S5V=D38S[K9T28*B<\!TRXC;
MX6.A6`'<,/G5AH=&/TRF+`KKG08JG`LC^4XYJ.^L7+)*NI7=OA6BHLXY*OQ
MQ3FSLL(5]I?M/.
;


/

9+SL/3Q[&/0);RTM$AV
!SHEK20=2%8!S-;$)+7
MGR3?')

HPP^NY0+\R9K
MTQ#W9'VRMBUG%5#5F&.;W;9?\!/CB5K\Y(XN:D?IB[+2S%K&P76N^RX$+QCD
M@*K&@96F=XZR$%AQ(+HVQVR)!5`3$!S;
Z!



MD
_%O;*;7
V)M
M9EAZ[O[N-G)UO``W10T%`4360
O/^6!2QI$+6



1=W\Z!%VR+#2K&`


JN3C$QQ+Y3WH^M3.N@

M
&=]M#-A2^WL$9%DX1#`QUD-LUM$SMV:RP

M2?NR5'#\PP\7]]J*J.)U`;]5S:$T4#-9$P74*&?@']AT^5Z1O#QMP8?9DR*R
M!S

';X#6YV2E#)07<989=B\_



:?-Z1@'F^ORT_J_RN7WQX#APHV%J9;




_X[;RT^._KB0/PU]8Y0'ADSFS




&)))TUEB_8






V0AZJ]^S
M

JT[`)
M*!E#];WK@W)#]&DA9S+44UO3I/J+M5?L:!STUDHF*5O:CR41H_S`.X`H;KE=

M


2:4?Y]H+2`D9XFUC4ZJ$

['ZFAN7


M

1&PK+F)83O,1-KCJ,(5
M1/4H&GM..3FFNTS7EL

M`_)B]_PWR

M4#.:49763=XKV;`


!\ZW;]

-[#9L`I%K!UH;B@O2-.].1;]?O


X23WHDL0+
0-EN8

M*XU*






Y

MW)?@)5A#S`'+7G8;22#Y\D4NEU_?+)I/\WP^#Q)72^K7*QZ%2&4KOM8BJ=
MV*Z714&G(MSL:%G
SR\6%-EA








.)KMPQC%9;

8SGAM`CY
M;3TJ^J?T$/V#NF!*D/N@T+[[^G&=@L/,AE5%&[C%0I,9]YU51@SLW%KDYE

_D




@0(^+

`=G:6








+=(;[;N

CU[T@?\

MK.]5@UX#2'%N,+U[Q@B`1J!N-I9I\TIJS.2EAP^D00F5*L,(B!ZI2ET&D+




M\P;_H4MU
.'



%EH.^CZ5

M/G;SSCO+X5+



MY%3/X!%B/;D])SEQ+DB^--.F?M


UW9
MG#3(WX

M(3E@/GHN%S7OH;C\3_57=HUK_CB9&W@TY;G


4)&\

0IVG

6J&Z7TJQ\#B(25RYZ5C&=)2;=4




FN[@Y*#A3:`OGW#Y&7SRZMJ35L



M3!3LI)7U2?-RMKF;Q1Y:&
`;KZG1I1TD

24O9!$[-;'
UD

S
A*4#=[S?K39U)F7M]R`8J

MZ/G0QB1PK
P^B'4A7)'C[

MD.K\)2Y60E(?Y_T^?!\U_;\
^33EC2.%IZ]#$JB&QPLU1`2+KJ^L-3SN99
#



!(EH[3@^PP\9B&_D)%8G+C/EFAQHW0CN8:5V
MGZL


9Y0'?

M^HB!Q'@`XLT4NJ9!=Y9#;RPY%$LF5`?/(#F68\F1$)=9?:5FN@)_:AL8&&2

1?
9=DWL/
^,.'
M-JN2*YG@HHV)F1MCKH4674%`)ER$P/J\=(A+IY+%=0LT/O^V;I@_3@/CN&
MPN
X@(7&<16^&:#AZC\
M!+T9U$'PQT^BF'U]_'ZVF'/ST;_')V*DR)D0E('AIR!S?BM#NCR0K3O1Y^/




'Z5N/!'?P^SHO=NZE$DOK4MA%WJP*
E7S22%X5S1%&.C:O*R@=&)J0P,@;4NM2=SY-(_!T\:JV
M<7![?0&E(2OLV?[U&;*F^F`_T`H=L-_#F=ZATL'MC`D8`#0SY'H7KD2S[F4H
MO3-5F<TO5\42Q3B^;O29)Z,#H]C+VH@71\WNCTQ$5R(20TF224OOFOJ'*;L

.@T01
M:0)SH5T^IX+B6*!UTI3H(,]CB4LH_-K#[%79.-N%_=E!(A,%


MRWF
!A(==Y7-J#5Z24TY4VIGR\GR*9X4SEO^



M!@W%SMWO^7



&G/]^P85^MV9*)


FOS;!&]U`KY\-GH9YS)?S
MN15H+T9_@H


$+7#N

M2$O=)`J702_$X



M-EVS64D/
$-:EQ)78^=4``Y3J,#NZ!25&H)%!N\*R`]K:3N26.A1B+.+W2



=GANS


M5#*)@_#=Y0Q41MV64Q/#-^FP^ZQ*LLLN[XRKYO
3N(M+&]S@X;YFF(7X./Q!
MQE'0U&14AU1(G@



/0$VD44N

M#?LNVS=OG:4H+`-SKP5/@2

M#V4:83
^2A<MMM!

3`.I%Y`/Q#)';B
J1



JDA-SUDWTBXU.JJ?MIZX&[J2]?234G2K-AG
MMCEYU-G_!PK(V+]'./2*WV*,`O4#0BZH38R]1Q@D+M%_M]S.2
;D\R*QIKW
M+DQW]%$W.9KL[NX*%C-40)9]22Z4N?*'X.\0Q4%3@4XF+1J`VPZFZ67_TM2V




+52X)=$2
MOFF.92\LXXC1G)VHBSS!2Q(2_SY!J-]W&







WUTH:$4HWX*A1$V-N?#JMP=9


MLM;V8.+=R;1!6HB+()K?.2/&C\N(DU^&KO47`HP+/B.9&HH(HY;.MULJ'V]O
M-^U=#G

_M&:Y6VL]K'RG[?2TM=;T3!(A
MQ]P-JJ$B#PFF6`76AW+:=HLBMB=@%P0'9;4=-TG73*-)2S08E7#ZLSU6R6



M/+Y^].]4X7Z'V%F-L
0+%M_U4#H03!9_$@391&E-NJ5BSHVI7WY^VC%FLS7U









MG];O&V*0C.,0:=;WN@QBR?L7<*:]Z@ME%)Z6@__LLPNJ!\V@^MJ^F;H;Z1R



\`+J91@$D\VAF))2OE?-0$)4OL)C_2


=Q.7KTSR


MAB
?TP+20@:3&1E:I
TNE
_&[Q:!2_70E#Q9CQ1EC3J$DE'BPH*W)]RPY2


&7?BQIN;NFZ!G:[_#&[^'+^@\
O

!#0K'H-A6VO_8M(T]*8L



<G


@N!';.&









MLJ+]:;WEE*@H-TJL*`^+-P=6U%:L;O71[E96%@



M+S]#6)AP[DG+=NAT(U\#QGGH!ML3F-]



M
DSHL#`ZX9\?+KD1*WH`PJT_$;OZYAEA92E#@7
`UQ0
QHM+E($?%K%=741P

'T-

YO1?J\#CPEFV?4]'%*V#5WXN7LH9.?
_C%D=@:*M-8)])EDU
M/:6JM)9S-X6%4@9ML

MH=

M

5B9


M^1?CO9


3

MIV.;WQX^&SUJV


=R*ZT^_'('0]I@0$D_EDCX^91$J.L%U@0[E

M6*!)CQS]=?3*O--WHWT.5
[F9AK36X
+/8B6K^:CJ_!9[-TL%X\GBL[0N;Z
MB/S5)*KK4

M_


M'C;RTAX.2=HW!+F?68$20IYHW'STA_
SN\(X1P[KI81H7OVSK7RT[_94&X




:J\WSUGM\\0#CB$XG9+7A'0N`]




MX$F'-8R:C





MGLS[]VZO$R0OWPO)#*
]U

WT/G9_2]&

_#5#IQ

S@^KEY7'AL[T
[SY!(VV]*Q'Z9RHXSWU#=A95`?Z^

HMO
M0Y8X-Y,ECSG&5%



MS+AK2H-(PKR^^E$RH^HR52^3V]=3GGLS2IG4UG0T?$83]U.*\^L10^G$'GE'





$P/T_XLZM-ZKDB.-?Q0\;L2MQ-ZP@2)'`
MAL@*;!&/&0?5N
;.)BQ



1




TEZD'WE(QB8)/!L.3P^2(.*




MV
(MKG*$(&8^Z[Y
M&



MI/O9(+('^R)+

H
M-!##?D#[L
9VV]L$@9)-109]&&YN*)VT2$,BBI0J&-8#HK?DX72I@%JYD6



MHP
F^H#N42=A`



MNCC


M!EF]6..W&M+N


M-S5BX/^(*M&LQA3NR&G!K5#;B-*Y@VTZPHF'&L,`RT^E_DH$


MI
#IY'6XH`X(G1&W*8_.EE03U
TBG_KY_&;K!X=
EVC;\$T9O00W5-Z
MH8%62@?9I7[99[06E59N3;G:P`;^O0.







56OGO9=Y(^


JR

VDU6/X@[[ERSGG;':T?+71!W
MI5@

ZCQJJ+`9:$-@@FQ[&U:87R:E*J59T(JG!6WKU6NZ=XH\8
M)?A8\6JY(U`5;TR]YJQU%IZ00N-GOP8O6RB_SK']4SO6A-+LI67$BZDA2.I.
MP7[D5G-LT0SR78F'NZ#JY\&X3UV.OQ^:9@-@ZGUL`D$S-ATU9@ZB0V%14
H?


M*JHXP'0R_XH)







1-%

^4)7?1Q!QG3
;5LF#S&.RALMWX:
$@9
=Q\39%KH9WE#C3R](6A4HP

%68Q_8:`.PH&Z#$^IXVD
M?:;23_&F$IG;F^.F/SJ5*T!#[REE#
-S\55/OO47K\E6@[E61YS)0VSN[C9[
MK^5])JL@RN
H*!\NJ&#Q$8K



P905!P[C;==#GL1Z\%F8=UM^$!



M\9L2&


MM`?LDL&XVHD-A%^9UK&A!Y#11WF[\8=



M0BT_@.DA43\VF0QB\Y8EM

+

MHP

MVF0A/?N'




ZNP+N




OGW..[</L_JUKG5?
.*']W`U&ONO@OJ05


M;T&

MC=:M^$4WWS!9-0+*G4!$

M(95HYFZ4CI+
CP*0.TO
T:(_'9&.0EB<9T#XV1OK\+(M20^EIB*
MXI+0(1UCA$OIT^*YRYX[]$RWUPXUY*)RFWPY2XRAXL/APTHB.QZ*FVH`)S



^=%M=P=?JC#(XVT^U8
M/P@ZJ+ZTI`+:J/K:P-\F#$W+'X&XIE3L'F3#W_\16_P'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`


[TJZT6NWEF6!LHQAC`9G
_/U6



`M?E7E3M_6N6T$X!XG.UQP[L0.1GAZW):Q`RVXU
MQ6YC?Q3K5'FV\_38_1/6;RUD[^M]E__=*4V]_*4P%J0YYT!I[K^D5#OVSU

M*:^/0`!^6E6I2P

M2)A0&$2:(`K8FW&Q\J0?1@NB.
VYTS7H%A#9+TR
M!?I<7QDL2<_YJ?U4P'=0CJ^/BGUZ'P%!7






MP5SO8T8[#'



MRKN





1@3
M1`;]Y




MCMLV$'TOT'\0]![;U






WJ+S

M+2:I\TO:0OW-N;@U]VQE-B5=F=9?GF\?LJJ\08JGXE*TW[NDOE=FV]].UZI.

U[5Z='W?^
M)[&5T=*?/SYT$_1OD;\T@[^]YER]_%(7A]^+:PZS#7U2'7BJJB\*^MM!78+!
M\]'HSUT'_JR]0WY

**29!;'*E%47

M5)@DT$DBJ%['Q2P*XM5Z0I8Y5M01E&F;/C[4U8L'JH%[-K=4:5!L(;-B%OV0



M!TG9RKD'RZ*[;`4VRS86L@0QKDEG$=*%(-5O:/73M*
&L=I!D(L&BY`N!*$A









QWI^


;
8[?`39;Z[%









M])3_D=:GXMIXE_P(MUK


M\'
T6\:8+.9-/G\$/Y@W]\@4ZO!%B_2;J#B$#6-R`]@HM770E]0]@F)R4[UN


9



`9TK9\\(=9^U79O$/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`
,
M`PJPE_0@#ES?
[
N)*UE%./!\C'C%9*J+
)_?M_?+#'2AE8)


MN6:04*#QPIEE8K(``?+2F$[`Q)GYO_DTA





@_2P)AN
M;G/X*G.85;X'X%1*TS[`QJ3[SF__`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`^%LC
M





M(+!5;D/5090Q?_[?U:I@FR50=C2ZT2V!C+7)5.9);T7E@PIB]@?&
%7KM`

-&;
MNJSUMW7%']&EP`-=8=Q]2Z;9#6BLF&
(RS0UV`:GQO6.4T%7.\Z`QD2.(2R1




#(F'@`SAF3



?5]I_P'QGI#B%M+J
GNHY/JK]OLAR665O97YNT4F=G](6^#?'XM)<O979''=E

MWR[!G8-$S9@WSL8!3R_/NP(B4&FWZGR_M3^*)^D)VWEY[A+T;Y&_-X//5G.L
MWG^KB]T?Q3F';

^J1UXK:JOOIYI[ZFQWC[D_=#OQ96[M\G[Z=VK^J]]_S
MXG!L8;L#B$@%]K3[(?









UNT0[-T\T6CS5(4Q-\1A+SPC7+&\5W
M3GD_)*[JA

MH79C[$AJ'XX=6NH/R:J+B@GEV)_#1/QQ
-:@\;3A3+\/D9
0&H(2L/G)1[FC

H'D.RMMQS=RI(2?TA/7=3!(?&Q
7-5R^ZPTA@SQ
HZ




H#9K!HPE7D\Q

M_RV^/(CAY4%WTN[T!CB[OZ2'_$M:'XIS8YWR/=RZ6JYA#-9X^H\7;77I#I1?

`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0!R%$0%[@0``






V
76L&3

MV]V'


MCS?HUX7D)





M9A@(2B[XUFWT+;G?P1P\28`6?2A!


M#-P.%8BAM%RZME[1#C`:N@K%\P)76P+QA)+TEJ\U\FW$2..#-96;#U7K9/X2



M*$Q%-#7%4Q

UK
\:HR'B$\

M_P

M\XZT\*;B@F$%CV(7R$X07)HBU@1Q&*8!P[3U+$

@N)@4/U@$O@N4$DJO&_4#W[X
M3.BN5A#W%#K2C67ERSV1!3@*-'X\U4P%;T``_$6,ZJT!CN!G\_]`2U7G7I+Z
MTUF81`!'6R+5`]64'BKV4G'VQX*B(Y4EB8\D:@_OH_\23R=S:]@:PBT^`]
M5GBU%/R`8-?`=\H.ZST89<L.TO`GW]W!BWIFCM=9$H!+2&.IU4T2:?+X`D\



2UUM5UW`'31F\E:
MT)C(

M--C5-0][L:TM9LRS

X8B$J?4.!PW:M7`0[1%C

6R:TZH=

SBNPLY5^Z!X9Z[N



SEE%1+PR@XN

P*T]YN*!



H`L7O;_K%(N





MW@JN'^@5!N


M`IH(]5A`TXCA8ILY`

$%``&``@````A

9[4JKU1ZN*7$2U(`CH*=_OV

:6Q83].+






$;.NSSRE@9H+3;''+H`4N[5I'C5G\RUXEIZ\9NTR;H
MGYR\UW=_:_69OH=5?O@M+PED&WQB#CQ3^L+0^

M

6$A2-




7

^C@0X$G:(8HP(Q-A[



%JUQ499[IDQ24NFKV.47CKXTB`(R&.



XYO5YT_+O52/NF;

JV7!H0)K.U*L






U[B)%&


M`/__`P!02P


:9*/C6_.#2_++[]9?-352O\L)Y;0!#(;?FI:[+
MM67)Y
+S6
Y%R0NPG$25QS4\5F=+EA6/C\VB/+
6MKVT\C@M3&)85U
XQ.F4

MSH6HXD
&?K\S-T[NW

M6_


B4B`P'P

MXH+ZUL[F[L+S@PDL%BEJ'(SB.MYM*G$SH&K@G;*

M(LE79&FXP`L)^7G;

4-V()#-\:S@&`UX&KJR?,F/JGB(@0?K.75GX7'D7X\C/$:P+[\NRJ8T]
M85QZ::#5=:A8[:#31%N5K$O:_

M+ESO



CYH
MW`WS\3A6\<0-CK:M1]LDH6)=:NTV4JW]D%`UXPR;KIDFGJI9J^X]&P[-93_'
MV^I1K+VJQAHI:YG=-V)5-$ZPZ:)IWBFB@YZYK7L4:!GOCXS0Z;:V8-PU?[3

M5
ZK

9G_CVNSFDAC8R?8*D]
M]Z&Z*[I:TD

M_P


/A9HZ15*3.2,EKFN`W*O'MZN.'Y8&+9UE0JA`HU#+!A5+-PG5E6M*


AK^WY@F2H2


M#-





M&K8G.`RC84YAG#HS*XOQ?!A&N\)SO



!0[5U:DJ0.*G)WY'FW;D%8
M:6N&A;B&@Z<IBVG$XWU!2Z5)!,V)`OTR8Y5LV(KX&KJB*=]=1/SH@**+<N9

MX`#3;@F:AO:]OXA\SW97RSI!?QD]R
YW2V;\\%6PY#LK*60;ZH05V'+^A-#'



:@__NX[X]%D.KNQ=6*:H,1462U%/Q@0=?`.V5%L`?]!3CLP#RHW6T


M:LA%5_7Y.C3B$(SB&M:U7@#N5NVH)^04$4Q
2'0*F?DMQ!`;?$0L@D
;R%MM
M_G@Z;HGKM*PU,K5@FY-Q.8B(AI&/+A-=U

M04


MF1C/\=X:S=!_:^IO-NJP#PSJ^WCCU\VD


Q0RUV$1%I1).@B3/I%M&0C_=]YS`=EH]@4S[L]'YQ-&A(
M_T5$-(0PY
]-^=?M=`RZN-
U:


2YX;6R4



IFZ#JTRML^KX\;]Z\^7STO7X2*M

+.M()O#JPN


DNSFW;S

B3A_`$OLU8%

LR%:OG^_7!S

I$D




_


CVB1X!J/1`!:;T7_%Y8KD1$
MHLF
U\AS%DDD%$
MCX[W?A9D'NC-@M6.]O[IST+-F-%&$+T+CKC8\@]T@M@K':1

[


(RV:E&$X7_C$7_2ED!GD

]I?<PK[A3T`)=.









5CK?#H-7&UM#+.QX+FXZ6C8HK[<


J#:BJRG=5YER
ALPC30:_'VPG5[[+_J81?'TQ



3
MJZ$B,H5=*8'Y@^A(BAEMA9
H`)U!1E7TMD8P@1I#B%
5=E@F
(&:0H@H

2!
.(X$(]*`T@;@A'IP`&D\&(].``TH=@1`9P
M`!E
(C.(
(1B11Q`IA

MNK:Z4BA4K%95\XYLM0




(].(#T
M(1B1`1Q`AA
R`@.(&


H`#R!$1G!`60
P8A


+&$A


S




M]Y5-@;@ZXE@%MADM@;1UQ*X4V')K1R!=CEA\W50@?8:4^;X
!#)D2(DO
(X$
M
N8(7Z&8&2J(T6++[`\F2F(W:9KTW
!;)@2+'CLLRCNBA5O]\;_O7%\N
M57_LE`

S4
/J$6H
MF*EEZ%*3ZE:[(^G5*VD?KP\I/Z\+M/*!J#:Q75EZ`S*Q(?.0`F0Q*&3(Z[6
MBI,T='*DK2-)0R='NAR10R='^@Q)&#HY,M21'W5ZJO&HXLAZK&QCM@E.73R




M-NO6F5ZF)
K
+X;K919ZF5RFPMI9?E1&3S3-V%]


'*4V)M6EU)!24TJNE%I2:DNI(Z6NE'I2ZDMI(*6AE$92&DMI(J6I




;;UG.H9TI4Y3PR%X@RCXS\E_.S_/_

_T9L_YZ^O]*:71T]-



C//EM\3X]?&$F_D1)#MJ%.L@);
M2I\E]F57\%BM[?ZL:[`#V:E.$.'7/RDQZ^8[/8RCT!1]+8
GV+
4\@HT#C



M*1V=UVM6P:

R@Y(W/

M8:A`X[J39G
C&K71$X5A





(3;X'I[N9_C%LEV$?]2HS
M_X&Q)\


?9
U
0OJVQF!T5Q&:(;

M


MQY=





M%#XH?5#YH/9!XX/6!YT%;LBU)_]2//P*_RHURK_BF5L!QN%3SYDB(4
2'Z0^

'3*R@


F5C0
M28D0#(@.9`2`FD`E(#:8T0#J;.`Y3M8[C
75XG\[?4
Z\
/FEQO

M]VPC)0
31FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VBSD&N2]7A_0*7\EG?=JE]_#_6W%O5

]2
MD\FQ:3J=1.!X(V$\?](M*(].*#!=(5)F.B\:2DM=%?S*NK#0I





MZ1G5#1GE1
(

8`C0?94$ANHP%I2!MP6RZF



M(]

5.$*.A

M)2@9G

MH'

:YPE'

M)*Q^*(UK72N=


M@X$T[G@J6JZ74Z^D[X:
Y@V;W**2-[5Y]0
&2TE'
@

J$)6(*D0UH@91BZASD.M2O_



ML0IE1)\2-:='?*#+4E3VBU&)#2?6H60UU5(18J?A/4]O1412DV6(L_G.5I0
MR,@!:5(L05]CVI%)&A!C18T


XVBR]+9HQB(#M2U.5XAN
UTI
MB*=;T+-O+Q2K4=/5.%TCNLUTK2`]';TI83;Q-G(W-)V[I*K(LI=TX*S$-9F]


5I'WN#43D7-YX/A&PARG*V2@


M!XSLVX$@SL^K^=S3D\ELE+1.-Q]X/I;C;(6H-NFY%
2S+==K[SA1C9JMQMD:


YO6M?`TQU1K]/8A+[QX:,)08.P&A`(:KIGF?E2B_KE(E!JR6WAZM

IW.S$.;0E[FTD1B;XMS-`2-K
MUZ2(
AR8(RIP8(FHPH$UH@8'MH@Z9Z#K/[]9\'.'9.PAS!A-['!83;S%WK*8
ME7T31G1G01R*E)\M.Q[XZ(4
*S=H1WU\_1@D(&!BTH14HLZ'F7H(@$+:C1





MN\R_.X]ZD#E76KSDR
A4

MCD1JU9PVS2+V'IYL68H.TX'7EHBNX-DR%2E]MES
5HN%-UTF(N?.EKJ;
\JH

6N(O^2^KP
M.=;AC)S


W%2GNL?;U
MQEAD*$'SJZ'`.'\
J$:%^/3Z5'<<[S20
ADQ:U(&90@2A%EB')$!:(2
<@UW^J2+[@+L.5MW5H7VAD
M=X,1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1)V#7/_YU6^XZ%E@F<O(Z@8#28D0#(@



MQHK*\UXQ(



M^B8
''
;D\_H.Q[HRLTINNDG7+_=?=FU=R]?'IX/5X^[SY1L)L?O!7[1/P*K


FZ__G;83_X6ISKLCH^

WFN-OLJV/Q

.?'__]K_N/ZORE

M?A2/Q]/185
C^%DTV6VM;_T.8/Y3;
M<U57+\T=F!L91Z7FQ6@Q`DN/][L2%&#8!^?BY6'X%W59#H</=[K`/U=%A^U
]\U_
MJH]?B_+UK8%TIZ`(A2UWW[.BWD)$P<Q=G**E;;4'!^_@T.)I0$1V7Q[&
9P
MXW+7O#T
D^E=.ALG$=`'ST7=J!)-#@?;][JI#O\84D2FC)&$C
!?
C*[FT7C


M+-#JC)D&R[!+




*L76BA7$(J@$)9

3=UVEAV6H+@
M#O@.(!Y'O
E:`G2L2SJ


HH-





M3J^Z!CM!2GE@_JI./ZIK+]7:2IAJWFI;B%?(*OUC%BI^:5%IUIJK7%4YVP


XF-XU'FLT\-W--X@W-Q/*@

MV-#
BGA-KOMF5C^TPAU=H2I8Z]O+\89+.J
%#;??G0C+\-X!QRN?M:UN63




EOT






H


1
+6P`\!2WSS+]=DR629P[.
O`+?=SYU1Q]N












M




`U(`4@)2`5(#T@#2`K('I`/D`
@Q1139
M-!G\'60[
S2Y4$@#D3@UL-`8VT$DL`U(`4@)2`5(#4@#2`O('I`.D`
@QQ11
M;-


M@'2`'``YIHCBD&[^`@Z=M.;0(_--6*FV@.P`*0`I`:D`J0%I`&D!V0/2`7(`
TZH
56

9\2UI


K4(LMB*5AKHGB%YQ

MH0X5#P@=E:*FFL*FJ)[8Y3AQ0ZF'=!NX
'N.K7L@08HD)9/5#J$H1*AJ$:
MH0:A%J$]0AU!X2.M*44HY?0JD3-Y1Z*.T*
X!V!4(E0A5-4(-0BU.T1
MZA`Z('14D.;/]8[I*C&1DK[5I%5',NN6ZL]1FC2)@.P`*0`I`:D`J0%I`&D!
MV0/2`7(`Y)@BFC+72::4O6YA]?VH8I*AN/O:9@$:G2^]U'#7R&9(0,)61LL


\16;*E!V`YN+U)Q$)U`HX

M5R(5ZD6*'IL!$H]YDO3%+
MP%%'U#;@KUK49MB7


_'$5JR*
.--E2
M@9Y8]IRXV?\PE-9.@$;#YZ54[0!4NO?IG



M4J1&2ZD2J;1XP6

_I



M)5+)/E0=-:(,S7*W!:/*J/
$^*5/3810]'L2CO[UUGINYX2@ZRMG0-#EW
M#6XZ34[4#??#22=ULDEE-8-2]'J&^8P('C'BJINO&(E6B^0JA&6PU+2KN

4

MI-^IR
X2ZJ,B6S1;_$`7$\E&943%97-:MGL3US,J0V0O:HUF1HJU/LLLSI.Q$
MBC8+B90YO2M$BM:_()7G1JH4*9K2@Q2^?BU2,<U0*.#:$1*#\(<^[4B-3J(
MO4C%070C0[B(%)J$MS-G84J:%!Z(2PO?;XNK#`IIHA=RX:B
]79K^^%46:
M\H(4=F8B%;O.0LS[=SUF


+%#TUT5.TE:_
8M*HO*()1IN5U;.3A2CQT._1S/S
M'T5QR*..I^N.+XBG$S=UZB%=IW;RVY8BNYSF/B=2






M4P)'41KRIF*YM

KGI;D1HO5Y&*5T(Q/M=V+)]:&$







MFC=/?_PL0R]$
4(E0I5`L=&M!8J*#4*M@C0SMNL:G]%S;*\84G]O-5L#
Z&9
M&66&I49;BX(]RM\69-?&62FCI%W



M=?VMT%\H2QDT(N5]9?:+X5NY/N1+




M*EB1'INYM=F^



MQO
[O/0K*D.^-+6J]9I
VQ6V7@PYKX&TU;4]Q62IB;05J3@%%@QQVJ[6]F\Y




4)!#:D.Y:B!]1A/X90&6V)5(50C8H-

]MDY=L6E;D
MI9D;H-'



U08JM!J%6*BH:-


@]&@_9M9J9M7C+4A/SH$C1^AMLX3=4BE0:?CH$


9JO$*I1L4&H

3GH(;VXVS=MMALO-34[L!3ERMCB[J5X=EAD]@VQ4IR1

=_(XJ4`\'\:F[VO*U(J4$
M:`;U071[=OHG+FN8W=TLDP1

($RC1
U'#W$@D
M&_2-A\Q

M:



J93NCTK%GHS]!.^W4]`-M.YM1`K,8
M?8R2Q&)QSB:2`.2`*/B9RR9
0

)HM4US`RU5^=N5/`_BJ[
M]I@Z

M7@3H&=IM96]IB2&&9K:7;U[13V00

M1C#UY2BKA4E'2FYN=R*IQ!9@Q!9@Q!9@Q!9@Q!9@Q!9@Q!9@^QZLZ\$./=A1
M8YK]S'9D+D]?R?[)ELE5Q@S[IA_89E%
\FW7@Q4]6-F#53U8W8
U/5C;@^U[
ML*X'._1@1XT9]FWW-['*93UM'F.:8?AIWBR*)0QSCQ1SGA@&C!@&C!@&C!@&
MC!@&C!@&C!@&C!@&C!@&C!A.

W!AF%[M).(

M$+DV)PW1U*S

M%I8BQH;H(S%DPD%!9+$8;`HB8Z-CH$AZ
1G#QKZ%1'%E0_0Q/`8*-8O%
5H
M&1L=`Q6D%^,Q9(M9;EZ8I?S)?KH'83)-==79(1W(VIC.!&CCZQY7]_A_*

)1@?8XE8
MS'(*!ZM&?Q0/Y6^]A@

E:E\84ZZSD'8K'(
160UXP01=%5$#!?E)`5HP
M9B$J(`M1.

M+R#X1JEP?2B_N'[$3
SG.JA&=XU@LB1D
W-^V(K$^&\&[8-8=-@%+#H\!(SO


NM#KVK4[H&W&8I.UZZVEWUDFJN

U!




M`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R`2/R4\R0[[KSE/RI]/;=O$YOCQF&





MW$^']5TA/WY'8*TMR0_]@!/J_)+=_-)_KW0W/?*WQ$ZO/#'3Q\LOBYM?!J)'


55UOHS`0?#_I_H/E]V(@A#0HI$JOZEVE.^ET

$
-J
M+JD)5




8A$5AZQS/

MXO.U0!$.NW'@'




M\/E&&4@C]'DQ4K=A;Z4-^OS?G\:A3E7&6/2N



@


M


Z;$!KVN

'*[2V1A1KFKH#:^&4:&+L(#6LF?$5^]8:\2VW
MN;3'8=LCL=^AD&O!'.:2.10?%ES6L%\5)TAC1-O2FL/!)J8NQTCM86B)::



0CFC&Z:CY@*64^1#1'M&D5@Y+1LI6
MA&B%:,U(V8H9*5L)HM1`9A#%UKA&$.5.6KD;B=,EL_`#*(UVXVEE#AKOQ;$

9(SX^P'@I82MD*








MZ&+5$T?\Z(?N5SUQTH\E=



ME^R1AG2[N*\ZEK_G*/\YYZ_%O=7W_$R_PRB^/M/O;C)Z0Z\M
M-CGI_Y'ZIN
MZ_)+GON_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`WN;GP[T_```!?0$`&0```'AL



M;S^___3E=1OAAZ]#8CS_^NNG#Q]GSQ_^]?GCE^]MD*\??W__G=K_[;=/?WSC

M7?=_1G?O/W#LT_]`^

M?4^79*[LAU_^._OX[0-U*85Y
[XWD3X\_TX-H/^^^OS):(.ZY/U_?GH]IL2?

;J@UR:X/0
M3QN$]!6PO[/V]-/:3]X\CFXFMX^4



M!I$&L0:)!JD&F0:Y!H4&I0:5!K4&C08K#=8:;#38:K#38*_!08.C`]Z23#JM
MT)WU5VC%A#%:X5%^QT#$
U;8`MVF6DPUVAP5*#2(-8@T2#5(-
@UR#0H-2

M
^E4!&0.9`%D20$@-)@*1`
B`YD`)(:04@-I@*R`K(%L@&R![(#L@1R`
M'%WBJ8@$XZDH/.

)`&2


M9`=D#^0`Y.@23QLTJ%=HPUC[VFB)TL:MVIET1ITV@
R!+(`L@41`8B`)D!1(
M!B0'4@`I@51`:B`-D!60-9`-DV0'9`]D`.0HTL\;=`I]@IM&&M?&RU1VKA3
MVNB,.FT`F0-9`%DB8#$0!(@*9`

'TT1G=7X5BW]
VMU2\??SNKI

'-VF/OJ7G8L5QRH0E8@J1#6BQJ*V
MJ?YHFZ+3__]HMZ4KJA-P\]^9F@$-Y!W=R
X0/?G7/;56EX:[C75[=RI]CV]&

4R*J

M=)72%



7NE.-6K*5A?V2C:6WASZ\@;H_N)6@$7
M')FN^GS/+ME*[LJ(D22+&;FC]'2GMKD)6WD9]<J<LI5DS!A)QIQ1.P^,1NKJ
MOZ]ETL?'DNVDEP5(\E5

T]5

MQK@_HYHF$G8

MZ`O




M#$@.I`!2`JF`U$`:E_A=3U.XU_5Z5AWT*
U\]D'?M2UR5XBG6W4VF;*?NVV'





ZJYQ:W5NYT@0_5
M;R[I1_=/S[I$SYGHW#GLRW92G:T$:-@`V+5@+N'1W623A.L`$I6TD#
D:^
MHSK4Y-P`M\_A*4_1'TN-3
E6THB*4;`1]:!&-/VQI!&^+DVA\(H=0%M7]'8`



M$5DDV]V8
[9O(-S?Z3IG
BA9RE8R2V2


.[4)\[;SHY'2*XL]$%ODST9U^
M5

M
T:2
6?D9]2/2M@JF+%D*\E8
9*
-2
O(SPJ8:MS&7V!F4KE\

JT+%$5*%CC:CQ'/WA
MT87-E]W_6.\T.S$:2'])N8?[WSJ&EQ0;R[QAX*P
ZM:;

D=0=



M48-HA6B-:(-HBVB':(_H@.CH(5\CIH)YA49L#=2=6EHDQ98IO?=C5-D!F0.
M9`%D20$@-)@*1`,B`YD`)(:04@-I7.)UO7D:[W7]BTX7IRC^AH1LR$0
#(89)$67BV-_F7`PX<H%A2D25./:WN18#CMQX8?P[


3AB%&Q$/*@127\LU8B4K:01&:/@63QG*_\LKEY-*-C*NR!=&BG9
M2AI1

MWIL1/@'+CL&
)5M)QHJ19*S[


M.F(4;$3
5GXC8)88THB48TDC




M





%:.J)!8'+Y$5*%CC:CQ



)(CR%108(V9



M1`VB%:(UH@VB+:(=HCVB`Z*CAWS9F
.T6S2^L%ZU9V_W(U(/+7+WPHAFB.:(

MND8CQEQ-+2V2V6_ZH
D
R!S(`L@22`0D!I(`28%D0'(@!9`22`6D!M(`60%9


M
ZQ+1)$XGCN
M@UTWOM(

WCY];JPL??^F.I1_]+MI('/A&C8/B08U(^F.I1J1L)8W(



M9(P9^1G5Q[42M@IF3-E*
F:
)&/.R

7-R*K23CFI%D
MW`S*N!7'0

_-@B?U%Y

'=GNE90KI&\`H5L:-,Z+%%=D*_
M'ZO-7<(NP5PI6\ELES&2J\LME]=(8[]L]UIN2K92C)6C1C/2AC(XZ!CNV
MDHQK1I)Q
RCC5AP#&7=L)1GWC3C85#&HSCV9_3O$QIM[SYY41WWT411MT^+
MU-(YQ5K=6%IL58BYKG-&-Y9+ZS5A3^-PU8R246
)&
\*&
BCOV=;W=@W67S

Y*
MFT$9M^(8R+AC*\FX9R09#X







T0+1$%&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(5HC6B#:(MHAVB/:(#HB.
M'O(U<MUSMB=\SF:1^2,QW?;^::)JQ5.Q8B7-$,T1+1`M$46(8D0)HA11ABA'
M5`J$56(:D0-HA6B-:(-HBVB':(]H@.BHX=\V9C'&\.?.SVU3T/<YTX6J15)
M%?RG8B6R:6

:($48HH

M)TUF0.9`%D60(@







B`YD`)(:04@-I@*R`K(%L


M`4=.
$R**!/'_@_\YV+`D0L
4R*JQ-%&5B])U&+`D1L

M8I@=HKTX]O?&00PX\M$+X\^*M$._XM0_



MDEP5(\E5


HF''+5L&
.[:2C'M&DO'`*)CQR%;G
M


*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$&T0K1&M$&T1;1#M$=T0'3T


;?'#3);5*2(2
M3^LI5J0=C4@Z&I%R-+A:$2ZT8ADHQ&I1B
2C4:D&8U(


1J3S[2]JT0!U%AR=1LB-I(:HK]H_IMUS[XMISB%F=(
5?F;J



M&S`:(V!TUP&C
0)&HP*
A@`8#0$P&@)@U.G`:,+C#:RP&@CXPVLL!6/6S=
MPS8];-O#=CULW\


M/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(/L!(
M/L!(/L!(/L!(/BY3\C'5M.$O/(]NVNJ;^P$U9K(RT.33F@DB\6A$VM&(I*
1

W[T*KJ76C+8$G=ED
MI)X34O=T9IR!^J?+P(PZJ&
2#A99ZK0NG)A!5NK(SHPS4$]V&8CY73FZL@YS
HD<XJ^








%(4
%(4
M
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4
M
%(4
%(4
%(4
%(4




S$@!



M-A*:-0OV&&FO-3O78R3$(:TB;0YI%6FS-YKJ
9)K:Q;N
5)P;S3I
25J4]N[
M1M2V%BBSP;N1J3R37
W


B-56S/)0%
:
%(M
)+HD!0D
M47`E/0(C\0$CI0U)04H#5Y(5
%(2
)+-D!0D&W`EC0`C0;A
C;ZI8UXS^FW=
MTY_26O;@SAX3_7X2+6C6E8Y%P=&W9FZEW+J.VS^G\?!PJ[;!I`7KY;8!I$7R

M9F:F[
Q`+C0363
Y9--

MS:0-I




MB*]%FFI\+;ZL@GH*HZ9+R[QCXTC_J;HI%48'39=LYDZ7S.QW&8SD$'SZ!HE%

M=ZXZ


WL;59B/IW3#34KT
MO[&:5&'M+JR7;.9&ZZG

]*-37AA#66S8+M(2C9:L%VD


MY-2%XQ2DG8X%4I!V(!Q-=\!(%5TXG.Y
W=:=[BX\;C3/DV&H6^:]963M'$;C
MG;S'D;CG8TKL!H$('1(`*C001&@PB
1@P8C1@P&C%@-&+`:'B`T?``H^$!



*C
84&`TJ

Y\/_BK%M
MBY/^OM0R;VP[)H/6\_3BU*J?7IL9K!M;V-'2V+;1R
P9VRX#
QK;CDDXR$K#
!&2F@8Q(.LI(HNG!BUO.6D9AQ!M))EX$9Z:1C
M$@ZRDG1ZLZK/L)&:_A]G9]C<MHV$X;^2R0]H)%N2)4TO,W'DQ'*DQ$J3-NXW
M7ZJDG:9UQW;G[O[]/2!`D-AW15+]$K?O+H#E\N$2!DRN]4C0%



M[`8O;F_FV@R$HEOWM1E4N;V9V``MN77&!FC)K3-CL!?=N#=0W4JV&0/$(5'!


`3PD!O#HB0%84JO.&.!G2`SPDWNKIR;P
M$[7N`@!2N6E'
J!L2!0EGNK`X&R(8$`7F[J!V)8#*MPQ[85NT*%J-6WN?7



_$


MAO0/9[8EF%D)KJP$0T/ZAR';$H2L1.FR$F@

DINO=4G]L8SPO51QRZ/6JH^X]F)/.-8=]Y7?5+GY/#
M*7,QJ)`8P*(G!BA)K3IC@)PA,4!.[JW.`^BD&/JJ3V[:L94@-B00$,N]U8'`
MV)!`XXW]0
Q+(:URF-8#/ZV^D2MG)7I4T:3U+2O^B2W8E86M7I6-K'?=Z8:

K?AS.`983&Z=


!X0FM[YJF=R:$`T:0=`-#DP)_#(0!H

`4!S;S47`!JU\/A&

`6[2






M*-$@2C2($@VB1(
HT2!*-(@2#:)$@RC1($HTB!(-HD2#*-$@2C2($@VB1(
H

MHD2#*-$@2C2($@VB1(
HT2!*-(@2#:)$@RC1($HTB!(-HD2#*-$@2C2($@VB
M1(

M@4U+






MQC8C`F;GSA;-2`331\=R1F]G;F]SHIZ[4



(1[
3PWD(V]
Y
M!+PCX




?IW-M8\9CV4%MO.1Y3

SU\;[D
=A/*_/\)*KD$^/






C?_S

M`/__`P!02P


HCT([:%?C7:?!4




MT';QI;SX'?%E9EA\9616$JB`NU8PI8146P0VBR06R#Q`:I#3(;Y#8H;%#:



TI**@:(0D01HAA1@BA%E'*$16(2D25

J
5!.3$V1H+4=4
M]&B6/:PR5

21#GDC%J].G4HI//YDNK&O-I,#5
M^7,UOWZMUHY72%M772JE%'=I.AY;)_^5%/B52V9.V`^0K/KXB5!/O=%[2%EP
M+CY*K30)_8]*V)KJ4B[H;;N5BP:4LUK*%$;%^0+^E\SWJI$0FI.554)^5.
MK5MOK)Q0<$O:*%F3.6


M:\9





A$*JH94XEX
]%[AQ.7;
QF5T^N9M-\LJ4*.9MRH)2(.^#X
M


8[F^E;MV0WNVA6*


6ZFC)_-6]4B+U/^;0#

MSQIZ^&))[^-[N+^DU\X]W!F31^W'V=;
=-Z[S.CT!'7HV'?)#F1PA(YZE^P0




L8^A3_;?-2EYO3R^YX'NSK




MV_;C]7%/__SX?KU[_U@_/M=*KR_7_9N;T?7KX^;M4EN8?)QB8_OMV^9I'6V?
M?KZNW_;:R
?ZY7%/_N]^;-YW;.WUZ11SKX\??_Q\_\?3]O6=3'S=O&SV?]=&




M





)%A(L)5@Y
MX)KRTR2)^M/_1Y*4&94DCNX#`YNUOD@(2[!*)$$L02)!*D$F02Y!(4$I027!
M5(*9!'
)%A(L)5@YP$L(C5*0D(!&W/8)FCN)TJ*IV.DD07_@!_Q!RZCQM^E)

M.;(I
S0X4B4T:&A3?23!R/5E;9&I$D;D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2B`5DF0&9`Y


^&DCQ&-1!B0'


6

67#[7NYTAM=-QC@,%K?=%MCFOO*@


/IH=*M)_<<6RRX13MZE8QHO]%D


(LB1#&BQ*A/KS7
M4=:V')2A8HZH0%LEHLI3]-#&?
BHVJW7S^D.&/5IC;ILG8U&E*G=+(H:C`T
MBLXH$3&RP8\9V2))#!JX8Q`
N*F1&JKU)9UOBM8S-G*HEYNJU7?B^%BP8F?K

V)@W5
U=Z9K7]M
MWRF:K9M%=YFNS(AT&61'Y5`])/%+/D(4(TH

M7]]J:X/U??;A:



\7V
M-7(/41%%B&)$:(4488H1U0@*A%5B*:(9HCFB!:(EHA6'O)SH;9T9^1[P#=
MY4Y?(SL)AT`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`J(%
@

M-:)O5-GI(1C(PS!:
JN)=T0?S20ZY+(2*D!LY$*!N+D)C[)5L)2WE)E*/:.
MJ97BD3%#E

M1`Y69)#(F#B7B%$Q840F;:KEP41JI;C%#%&.J$!4(JH031'-$
T1+1BUI$?M
M&MWT_-9^A-:ZD#6-1-;$\5MH%+VL:46:^3BL

M%8A*1!6B*:(9HCFBA4$Z$GX/DIOIWTL1[K'[!MG-8&B1K?R6H1`4XY
4$R-U
M^`&

IA9UA&1F;9G&1G.K0!;7EC+A/R4
MJTVJVRN/+.[,EME=W&FDUBQV(





M'?+++T



6($D0IH@Q1CJA`
]^!$H*Z(:#7*.T5FJ<VL3&2DU)34+L^!63`*Q





KQ=[/$
T1+1`M$:T
TM[[Z6[;-Y^];Z'7JB'=

MS5%J@6B):&506Y+E'KWNT_0;K2VKR-
/2]1[T+*/&^0FO4&=2==2E%


:^=\W
ME5^G#HWBD0
-EK+3?


MY65W\;3]J7[#GX[*OWQJL/D#`X.[R3T9IZ%37*'3E8DZ(&B[


+FG
M


=-G=I

M&`&OTN!D[+UKV_-U&OZ*$.?4MCHKXWT79E/%'?.


M_A0(35GT1P#H3[^LZ??:;M3R_MMVN^=_D+O7S1^3^?)_`@```/__`P!02P
$
M%``&``@````A`(=&=:+J#P``





M^5


`Q*^^KG;[=&U

MK%#@3%DCD3

MAM/H3$@#&$*=1_-+[_)#?0QP

+]C5CR4S
MP.%C?OE05V_LZ.^*:;[8+SY_VFY^7
$

?!?
C#4L(YNAOK.U144
ME+'RQ9BY'TNH61V

P5BE##5:LS.)4@D27(
M)


?'%R#P@H('(I@H@2IS1()

!C\CV
8



M(IDBN2*%(J4BE2*U(HTBK25!UWL6;=CV__5H&R

M17LLHMT+]='N;2/)%
E[+=^TV&(4O1`:*I6A2I&ZU_)-W_)6-[T0FFY]0RPG
MYD#%DG)@J
-I$

M4
@41V)*3%&11T:ENF\$5D6.BN2Q0(_3[J`;1:'*LC/#G
F^5&B9)J4:$3EK
MT!GOGIB#6E1D'KV1S%-JSE?^DG:FGNUQ#+;P&)0'LYV'9+%ZAEV]+&@G=::@





M/@06L6()AB+HL9


MW!G=NX\

AZ1#-@K$B

;@Z*?H][4G+]D(5AD1D&_T'M'B^[D%#N]

ME(+32F\JC





M%G-SB5+
HQ=?EU'EL49%\M@XU'=O**:I%G68
V_X\&2U7)-.(BF1:)^A2-


M4JQW9KZB@Q*L?5?G@8RE*+]1H[H9
*)P5SD7E2?.!;


4
'YMSES3R9%B


MZQ

W-V[+ZA
M2WJ.R'OP[)!9KFA
J9


MO\M.[1`E%3^+:-Z






MD;
:$3EK$/'NB2L.\^*O+GK


MD;;@I6;=&\`D#\'Y`3L/$3@XP+^

9O-WA





MX?O+A]








M=7&^F




M+4R6/>&:R
$2__O'JZN+]V=_QZJ\


IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0CTL=$



MB31$6B(=D3XF2EQ7NRAUIV?HSERKZ-$B[%TWC+:

D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6
M.D:]0EH_3
1#]'/F1K\!F6EH-_MNHXJ.L!KG(:.

M4:^0EM15!S^?--W.TTHZH
75*-;&6T5HRRACE#
J&)6
*D8UHX91RZACA`.U




V`J:O.U.K/1%F-U$+U9O780.OJMN#@B^
M+X;BA3B@.?Y$*INX;F:^(PJ!8
6)T5OM7D[:Y=W
=YRKCDN3*W-QKY6A4(\7

MC&I&C:#@JQ44?'6



U&`44K$*@[6PF=('U[-J1BI49\
M
Z2NLHY7J=O[SU?O


MC)*
8FG@-2BV5V;D3?N$ZCGL6B[<*


#JFMY*<7MZN]3*+U2WNM9%\(T;3BUNLPDXC\PCWY$Y*

M1NP\&F_OW*2I7OJHP:+IHX-YV'F!*[QL

PNJB=`ENQA,X
M\PA)QT5SMEY?S$VMDTLO%0/KNQKL%Y*06&X2@^WX-I2^DP.UHA5&*P5%`;K
M]&S]=75VLS57GJ]-9P.IJM[?_ZQZS:+-I@#4BMSOC)/@(WOZ`K?D)*MX%NQ
MG
W\\C/W=GL8KZP1].Y='MK^OK5Z2\TK)4R=)3E4\EXT\
M!84[[&1$OXU(W6$OW=ZZ0QU35\@?$%-G;AZ@`S('!F:B;=SF%1WC=SXQRACE




M?+

#;7!5VQE-H%=



M*CS)

'LU&G$

^9


MJ&14
:H9-8Q:1AVC7B$MJ:NBXWW^'DF=N9%T0'@6BEB;):$MHXQ1SJA@5#*J
M&-6

M7T09.D89?V%+RV`EOFKVU3!J0\?8O:TC@Y6X[Y4OO3Z@EPK1GI3LS

MPHB5(#4BO4XL5I




:H9-8Q:







MK+D:]$AO/B[-J?(F6`6U!U_1@4?&5CFC@E')J&)4




M&)6

M/&&KG%'!J&14
:H9-8Q:1AVC7B$MOJT-]V2/L00496XO!Z2SAY5]$ZRDXY91
MQBAG5#`J&56

MG#'HP&JZ#VV%%0QE8Y
MHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6

MHXQ1SJA@5#*J&-6
&D8MHXY1KY6V]5@5NZCWM-XZ:NYJ(SQR*AM3^Z55![




MPWL*N6(;NDD\
D8YHX)1R:AB5#-J&+6

MK$2_+:.



MB0G#)C*3KE!X[H,A.#PL2@

:A/#.H3@_K$H#XQJ$\
ZA.#^L2@/C&H
M'S.C?JK4/.KE1?PR8^)1.C`COCUQE:Y14H?X8]=HZA.#^
0@/C&(3PSB$X/X

ZB$0TEI7!C!?:2Z(Q;$
ML!((1;$$`MBB`4QQ((88D$,L2&6!!#+(@A%C$SL3BL#IVYDUC:.8K41,&
M)/K1+%*8&!0F!H6)06%B4)@8%8&A8E!86)0F!@4)@:%8V843I6E1Z8:+DOQ
M7:^[@)A48T\1([-(_+&K
(A/#.(3@_C$(#XQB$\
XA.#^
0@/C&(3PSBQTR+



=%8&A8E!
M86)0F!@4)@:%B4%A8E`X9D9A5US%A_]6MS

M.H7XQ#]B4%\8A?&

L2&6!!#+(@A%L00V*(!3'$@AAB
M00RQ((98Q


2#2C6:0P
2A
M#`H3@\+$H#`Q*$P

0@/C&(3PSB$X/XQ`^,8A/#.(3@_C$('[,C/BNLK+B
M'Y5JAA+-I!J319!JO-ETJAF-HE@00RR((1;$$`MBB`4QQ((88D$,L2&6!!#

MP:H$JQ.L2;`VP;H$ZS4SKO*RL[VX]Y`,',_0&&W-9Z9^HE.A8-9F-_,H/XP
M1+3]@?K$H#XQJ$\,ZA.#^L2@/C&H3PSJ$X/Z,3/JN]+J5ZD_E&DJT\\'9M2G
M4\I@%JD_=A4&]8E!?6)0GQC4)P;UB4%]8E?&-0G!O6)0?V8&?5=
675/V8_

M2$\
TA.#]
0@/3%(3PS2$X/TQ`],4A/#-+'S$COBBHK_;$/6U^@Q575?&`Z
MY\S-*1JV.J.9Y!?D'&)0GQC4)P;UB4%]8E?&-0G!O6)07UB4)\8U(_9H/[9


M:NW&V_V.#=T#VM`O=9V(PX5KV^40[G?IVE(^;_#2


DV
`I]J
MP?3!.[E3+9@\26\WETA#^#14H@]:W=0$RU7#$^6YEJ08#QL<!4\*+S[NE

ZO;_`!Y$0?M+BO14FUP!N^W2/5@OC@FRA2+8@/OC0AU8+XX`/^




GD%


)
REICRBF@GCC5GGJ_MQ
27$7V11WZSO!MXN+
MZVXH/




M_PL```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`WIB^N.@\``&I





5





MMSP5$




M/]-&4`



98ZMV)(S!;1E$V!;`
M43R9F\.HT1`DZC%R;#;_IMK*;HZDG


)$`Y55-PRT/(S=&*'KI#
M1)TMB%@+[-YPS
KX`@-UMB!&*VI!@JBS!:G9`LOM.2[;'5ABH

M=;:@



6YW.E$YK%5\[ZGKE#&JF!,EP-#G)LHI
MSARM:*J&B$@M,M6&?==B&;A`ITZU&*U(+4%$:BE3&_5M=FU+=.I4R]*U')$
MI%:8:@/+&K$]ZA*=SJF9F:
V.J[('+TOTBPY%3)*CCMFC9JJ0PU5F`UZL(D
M[D8SM**9XB-J7HT[9H4^0MCM@S8.
S1BN9FB(@4(T2FHL@@?4&=BC'&(L4$
M$2FFB$Q%MBFT1*M.Q0RM2#%'1(H%(E.1W2A*M#JG:&82Q+HFDY0YJT$58C6(

MEDD5
FN2(VJ2MKI0D[05S1Y?G;&HEX'P;IOR.9JHUL
*0LXJNE.5K17`T1
MD5K$U&ES:K?`ITZU6*T(K4$$:FE3,VU+)$]ND,ZU3(,36HY(E(K3+5^SW59
MG2W1Z9R:F3EJ(^V*NUFU[P9++9S%$W4`#D-KUB'=?A46UUZE-/A:;;X&/Y
M#=*.YV:+7@MI*YJ?(;:+%*-V15&#/J(88WA23!18MJN*++H(XH9AB?%'!$I

S

M)E$N42%1:2!C+.SK]F)/YN8LUHC292K(3!!?D$0N2A()$@T%B01)!4D&6
M@F2Y((4@I1-8G:]VL?\^#1099(54(V:QQF$.I95

B*PR_0$3A8XD21&9X=L-.R0K#+Q%1^$RB')$9GMV=
M[+\6B4WASJ-5.87.H?^LXRZ[V&YN%4
C`RJK!IIIJPM'6F2%5Q3(\'.)



M+Y0P;45;$+YVU/5J.!@/V)Y1@*$AZ\XGY1RM:*J&B$@M
M7LH=MGA6&!3IUJ
M
M:`5?4%.AEJ_-X:HQ6I)8A(+45D7A][7EJBE:'(KR]#*U+


MH.)I236Z#W^(8(E.AJ*_/(RM*++RQ&18M&NR9*B8[G%
TDNFYK$&XFXBY6

%\)T9'4



#;=$-H

M[[NT#,]?%3MJG[I?KUA=?-_MMFNGEY.=RL=S_4S[

!I`B-:Y^.V8R\
I3




O^FU@45$3U7
I]WNB/]1`O6OA'W^'P```/__
M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%1L[GTX```A
``!D```!X;]W;W)K
]156S^
M*(XYL`WSQ&?@N2Q?N6FRX1`X#XEWV



AVY#ICW




42$&*Q=%TQW+HE0Q6Q%(@+%TV/


!!B(


MD3.V[P?ZOEH-H0ZKD(@@L?:245'61-]7
5(SAD47/T)9?)WA!8[LBIC6W&9&

ME)6KQ1PKZ.H`$GL`\QE#D5



V;CM&Y

T%[9JAB

IT_):.@)ZD5+RI=6
MS@WURO=G@(57JC7\5P/]9-0A;ZD)TFO#&VJEV1+[&QLQ`BYTN=2


M
%6V\9BA_I2J0LQLWJCK*S;I


'1

MI70VO_R(;J[M&S(3)WKHS6K2EUQ


3JJAJY0**Z-M!@Z!0@F!HM2BBB@4



?($QZKJ]@)IXWS$U*0O.NS?L46E$HH%!(H8A,842J469-?
3^AF

A

?B\H!4RN3.&.^U:



M
_''$+]MKC@0U':V-*CLK+VW@!\4(
%0!X)O($[92_YG5KT4Q[JWS[=`_:A]


M`%!+`P04``8`````$`Z\-KBZX*``#+

O

D?2'+16-_8!1:+N[O/KJ
D
M1FTKL-VF_?=W*
Z(Y(PEV\&^U
W1\'!X.$




^
MU
?ZY70'=/MJ!SS?#0?`=/C_?,&1J!D'QRJEX?A5V]1!M%P]'C?/3?3?5Q




'IV\8N[)VQZZ18-XNFDN!Q`))!)(*

[K`

\]YF))/%T.N'

CZ



/&G+#M3ZLX.(S$]&5G9
M^_PU'A3


E!R
364LV!


MX;..D)7P9`6K6

:`F$O##)`KIJIM
M;X@;+(6M9=+7D`K-5J)PSO;?)5F!Q*V5V%QCL@)*RXIQ)6A%I\=))+9RXG%K



#MPBN
MS%F$:XA%.+^-]='J0H2CE0FP!!O2]?=TS(Y(*3%WQ1?J?4W_.7&9_@NW_[D7






?BH6M$AJ:PG+3KK;R:XNF





8



F`171^T#^G!^^JU^N?J\+K9'P?;Z@4F<MR\9G70/T;0
M?YSPY9O]0E^1`!S#6]LPX]&*OA:?GP'\?A2UR?Z0W70_@SE\2\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#$U+GAM;*R=27


4ELI
_;%QL9Z9LXLBI)H





IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0CTA
98B+$QF+P[Q#;
M5(/%!4


X71TO'9ZFQEH)9LD-L
M%SG=1EU7)J/)Z8CD1`HB)9&*2$VD(=(2Z8CT1(:8`TQX\[0T%A+#1V)G([(
M@4A.I!2$JF(U$0:(BV1CDA/9(B)$
RD

2D85

UJZ;K8.K
M:40U4CD3!\?*)137LPDD0N;8XDLVN#/M+C/YS.IQSZS5G-AQ:JYNA`NAKH6

MWN2Y'LB!

A=P6U\

MV

T;:)4\W7$=*T/[

OH\?
XN$_\XS\E]7
/;R



)FK4-CVO?@A'/;NIYM43JW

G@O+VA*(EI4ZWJ
:Z.=6B%%\G



:D8-HY91QZAG-`@D]3/)0ZR?F?OS



]=

:D8-HY91QZAG-`@DY=;YTO$5=
&)


H9%8Q*1A6CFE'#J&74



:H9
M-8Q:1AVCGM$@D)3TO*QHP5F11V%)W#
Z

H9%8Q*1A6CFE'#J&74


N

M
M
N'Q*'J\*:!CFY+.ZOG'FX*!7SV+4+-'):

M1:`/!K[F050CQ^2\U&C)J9%#XG8\/SCEK
PN]I%[1KXN7+



=:+D#G2]X

MQLL]LD\&9-M5IFX'%KX#6$&?K[H

M#M?

9_YX3!G=6H^V^KC6^^NX-:Z[G*C








)Z[XL0V
W4M&WR1
MY]H2H[O2^T7'T]+17
Y:C\+C9/N`PDRC)_D.SBIZK#)G5(2Z_`4CHN6#-J

?P\I7?;0#M;=R'=CLYNHJW[RH`RUWH/-5

0FL5/S/J
MZHI0P=67CHN6#-JN&#+J../:-!%)12FWV'^+)U8F&SVQ3Q]6GE4+B@[QD=
M&.6




/?+AO?[P2.$
*M5NK.
MS]X7/#'BMGJ,GH^L<E?P^`9RX3N!M2*Y2,BI;.*W,QS<FL'=RA*7=832O?`


J&)6
M*D8UHX91RZACU#
:!)+ZF5CG#/V
N9KH%L71]YK0@5'.J&!4
JH8U8P:1BVC






!H&D?CJ+



M[Y@'1CFC@E')J&)4


PKD00G4L1$=M&$_G'V]JI[`.:98MUSA\);,'MO
MA?ACVN;A?6YG]?S[LL'`+V!%J!E(GM]Y\3Y:I1.QR3`4Z]7^G'XO2MXXF:&

M1%_)JN69FT@W/O
3YVO

MU?/
VKW3$9B^/+_L/O18C5+&!6OQ6$\HW3




M3H?
A3#R5;7J[H-5\%5;%PIZE+-5P:AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1()#4VD21L=8G

?Q


M:JA/#.H3@_K$H#XQJ$\

M)@8YB4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD),8Y0&.8E!3F*0

M+L*9+5/.K'8:X

Q*`^
:A/#.H3@_K$H#XQJ$\
ZA.#^L2@/C&H'S.E


0@)S'(
M&3

Z.PR-EP80A2LOYX$3Y[

+7@LYG5U@\&1BD)
8Y0&.8E!
M3F*0DQCD)`8YB4%.8I3&.2

MB4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD),8Y0&.6.FY#2)5)QPG)+3)5YB_E
R!CF)04YB
MD)
8Y0&.8E!3F*0DQCD)`8YB4%.8I3&.2
F9(SE;^]-@+F#`Z_G#PNORIH



M!`WKQ?BUZC




QR$D


M81:$&9-9Y
O$(#XQB$\
XA.#^
0@/C&(3PSB$X/XQ`^,8@?,R6^269B\4_Y
MLDM^A_'9'W96+P96*0DQCD)`8YB4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD)
8Y(R9DM-D
M)^?(:;
9Z;`NPT$P$^VGZ;O*63:910Y+#`H3@\+$H#`Q*$P
A.#PL2@,#$H
M3`P*$X/
9
*S\]




R6GR3)B.4VT\

M3697%#X?.?-4U#.H3PSJ$X/ZQ*`^
:A/#.H3@_K$H#XQJ$\
ZL=
J6^2DEC]





:[\S$X
S$X

+$GJR_Y(XJ;
92Q]*<\V64P
MPI/CK,9[,C'(20QR$H.<Q`G



0G

MZA.#^L2@/C&H3PSJ$X/ZQ*`^

MVV_?'B]N[G__`?GQ8F.$+QYN/[^__(A!?#N.)


3!S9H`P^ZI(Z@C+XO$?J#3'=PE21Z`Y/@^0.+*%Y/B6.H(


;7=5-'H#4^AY$Z`JWQE=/4$6B-+W(F
S;`GU;)/NV0-\6R;Z929EJ?UP6DV
]1\_2

M4))C8MPE4=-'G'9R/
R$3=GCE%-C@=VZM]@?2I3`SL];[/0DCAR6L[?Y
C5.
M%8[4R2
=CO3)(X?MZFV.+V`E_-&$0.D(R`1`Z?AG@:%*1S\+#):-?:ZFJ??X
MX=W/ZR^W_?7#E[L?CQ??;C\CQIN-3\D]W'TQ\;;]GZ?[G]@#NKSX]?[IZ?[[
M^

/:`0-6`2/;:=I_OV

M-1ID^8`GG\^ISW'-N9WS^7A?5$A62\BAV7631*N8)J[((_?F]O9L@2RI2
M):3@%8W0Y7H?O'YT_S`Q:/




!3]8L`K`1%D3O:;P

Z=V!YCEVYW(#=R9H6)N@&UJ[
MLC0O8+(^8WP:[NH&9GT#L[G$^$-KMN\S@\2AWV]/7


M

'2
M
%V
.L23&%=#PG

M7

$%``&``@````A


M7ZO)Y+Q]WQTVY_OCU^Y3;WD]G@Z;B_[U]#8Y?YUVFY?&=/B8)-/I;'+8[#_'
MD&%UNB;'\?5UO]V5Q^WWP^[S`DE.NX_-11__^7W_=6ZS';;7I#ML3K]^_[K;




X%+W51.N;ELGAY.QQ\C

]M#MLR!:MIJ7VS`,E#ZQYH.*!F@<D#R@G0$Y<
MCVA^XF)NIJ!F:FM*N-['.NL756E
W:JH!'-Q`AE!9%Y4X59



MF+M:QO8HVXV#.U`A!8&H%P0_#]&8&
2


MLPUT



;UDOF!]12FLPT$MV#UOC:H@ZG8_71XV




0*\DD2(+






.[C])XD)

V_Q4H



M$&G6#C?^5/`952XWOLXJK::]+:YMI$O-IXNXI(Y+9%RB@A+*V[0VM\S$*?1$




MR+JMUCSU'RFBQ^5*+

BA:]ZNS=D%E?$L*BBA4'N:LRN@
M]G1FWA/%U._



DJZ*K:GZH!8K(;!%OS=#E

P:?5(L

M2W2Y:

1*1@

Y[



*^





)H!L\ML`/YX'6VN_TH5




MT5O\!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`@+#F^KP%``!E%P``&````'AL+W=O


M?&/0[SMF`K*EL:
V`[]7QH[ND_=3\T=Y^85FAV

$G4FR`C&1:1ZE/O?7


)P




75R'X2


:.I0/


M\)L/=8I'^`OG$0YB361H9MHH-J`&OWNB


MIZ=3;:3E.[L97


M`P!02P





M+9
D6^\WN\


?-UU?'^Z?0F^W%=OM#S_Q^
MMSTVI^;I?./




O6Y^V+J+.S(U


MZCAZ([][*ZTMQ^+D\O/C0639W?J'B^D6
08PKB4Z#$54%X0/H#=K@U^LG;]7

23X

G;
EJ)


YUP=T.E[64K-)LN%S*(%7$Z7*.TQY
G2YYJ`&H4Y+'LHJ7!=








$N155^11=%I31M=@Z#8A@@AX'S6'Z=DO=1)]Q'4




MU/\8A!)P9D+A&^D&CV;=H)DJ&PV@B'_5.
0BY)+'




N%[(P3%!M`X

MGV=H/]D@#U7@NES1==[SQ9)\RHYTQXI\V?%'31_7T]-I()JVN#H&CYQ/05
M


GMB.-P4TJ+AD74I+$[
M5W1^%&*C5@B%;);@MF@V;@077`1%BKH:AUB$0(JR_*-[QFR6VK9H[C]34X.@




02N%3
M(IY/$7$$1:F`G0C$1JU0*K-$W+W)U]




M;QRYDD;?!YC_8.C]6JI5*L'VH%V5^X+!8)9GM2S;0EN6(:EOW_OO)UA))AEQ
M4B67KE]:[L
OR
R/2S)8V[O_^
?=MS=_OWEXO+W__OYD]O;LY
W-]^O[3[??



E#S??KI[D
M^A^_WOYX#+7=7?]








MZP





M4%E06]!8T%K06=`GX%2L'?V54?$K_'75.'^#



M%(6P'4@&DH


M$Q5$)5%%5!




(NVBB7D@
MK]&

M8A952[/W+H)J

^HFEL;


MT%JZ#
R79GM:Q\`#-]

?WIY*8_!Z0F



M




JYO0Z`\MJ
JN:C]
M@-D%5=S?91ZYQV



[-
]2%&-988ISM3+OR8SG1RTYD#
O/37-36O7/:

M*P@Q!QMK@BHVU@84&^MT8[/U9K

M@*U[#]U/3$VOBF




+?:'%R\H+UVDF<@#TCG

M19*#%+'N

:HQ



]C8$`%44E4$=5$#5%+U!'U

+\*FEE$5ZJI9


M$Q




I0[.;%=`.Z*,*<JB$JBBJ@F

F375[$^V435:2I01Y40%44E4
M$=5$#5%+U!'UFE+;5;^Z@&\]B^))P/8(S.`S?9^&U71[:&N=+FE*B<JB$JB

**
J)RJ(2J**J9J
MB%JBCJA72%OJTKYT!7YA31BRQ/0)MAZ0&:4V%XJJX-^.*/*B0JBDJ@BJHD:
MHI:H(^H5TI:Z9.D(2WUNE4[\`9E1:D]GUJ
J6@J44943%40E4454$S5$+5%'

%M4=44:4$Q5$)5%%
M5!
U1U11]0KI.UV25%J]PN+PI!#*4O'MI)OBY
1KA=CZHX@H$RJG*B@J@D

*,JIRH(J)*J*:
MJ%JB3JB7B'M]G%YV9IYF4=Z;ZPJ6Y4!?]V1!E13E00E40544W4$+5$'5&O

M1V;ZVT0WJL+XVQ%E1#E10502540U44/4$G5$O4+:TN-2KW.F7AZ966ZSV:B*

JIRH(J)*J*:J%JB3JB7B%MJ4M_?LT`'A(I-8!];B6;_OB*V



MNV#JYY$9P#;UBZIH*5

1MP2_;B]W
M
:1P::+BD1K!_P0U1%NY$.9E3E1`512501U40-44O4$?4*:;M=`I;:?3CW
MNQCR-67IF

M[Y4CF

MO(L!J35X@5^7B*IHZ1@84$953E00E40544W4$+5$'5&OD+)T8Q.\PY;NY3J+
M\\BLLS:+BZK@WXXH(\J)J*2J*JB1JBEJ@CZA72EMHL[@5+F:QM?
Z5GK$M

M3B*HRHD*HI*H(JJ)&J*6J/J%=)NVSSNA?6R=K&YUQZO;#)6E1%2\?`@#*J

M3E00E40544W4$+5$'5&OD';;)4P_GUALAOPJ32P\TMNRF7V=+JJBI4-=2:Z1

M$Q5$)5%%5!
U1U11]0KIVUJ9H;P*]X*6/#'
XCO8&P/T:VC:I@[(XH(\J)
MJ*2J*JB1JBEJ@CZA527LOOBIK5XO#X'?0ZBPO
+
$VC4MDHZT3+)M@^00K

MF%@/)M:GS%AOLS^WLKSN:&-VQM0P

'$?3-P'


M6`\FUH.)]6!B/9A8#R;6@XGU8&(]F%@/)M:GS%AOL\97[A#E%[\FUAR?%ZH'

3:P'$^O!Q'HPL1Y
J'A#!-+F=G`],+SMQFEXDLVP+SA@:F(QZ







M$R47$B/O)TJD1AY_^)4B7@M;[6;*A&OY1UC4R7BM;R[::I$O)8WZ4R4G$N,
M?!AFJD1BY#,=4R7BM7S^8*I$O):WT4^5B-?REN^I$O%:WIT\4;*6&/GL[E2)
MQ,@G32=*SL5K^0SE5(EX+1\%GH1K^43;5
EXK5\

;G;S/F=SG;/(^9W*?L^G[E/$Q
M[)EL^S
9'[/)\3&3\3&;&A^_S2Y_FQQKKOFI.Y'&)_72]%3+ORTO?WOFN227

MPTDLD9]`DMJF2N3[T*5DJM=WJ[/+3+ZYFK7)]VQ?5I
C)V]^OW]ZNK_;__/KS=6GFP<G$/'G^_NG\#_2].E?
M]P]_['=W'_Y?`````/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$#'K$GM%@``NX$``!D`
M``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T





?/IG/1I

@U

B`Y
MD`)(:04@-I@&R`;'TBHD8!$E$;'U%&N@T.._6V(S/ZXX5KH490+\1J`9`0


MU$`:(!L@6Y^(
-'F^#\3)F-(AJDC*DS7*DR]4!\F(&0$@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*
M(60D@-I`&R`;+UB0@3E=@B3.


M0#(@.9`2`FD`E(#:8!L@&Q](F)A#BU$,,P2]*ZIK;4D`V61C-3L4D7*2?6A
M0A0BBA#%B!)$*:(,48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$&T1;@63D3WKGRN
#R-3\*AQ9)$*


^,P?2DQZ`]?G957/:QV:4VI[V:+/+LQC!O+M=-;?;L#(

M5F0B!A;-Y9A4)6V(BM&0XG2FBJR8I;ITG:CM2L*7*6?[&$]G*O%2;#UC1;_;
MT'K.4G:PJ*JCX


MSB%$H!=94W

J
3H34WGRC$)2Y%))X5A@18SI\A31
YHM
%7\%2HD5/2D3([`U$A,9G_U9<
M5J.,7&S1A0@A%%%BVZUS):+R-*4#%%E*%BCJ@0BM(SIAK3N3MM7S\Y.WX[
M-^UJ.C]W+5J(%6N<G!MI?SEDI%;O$)&+DDBB^;^'`03;FRE%F;C^<=GF.[9

-HG]BARA$%&*$26(4D09HAQ1
M@:A$5&J$36(-HBV`LGPF+K/3^@WPM.5B6)B[I!_8C<%%`*$46(8D0)HA11
MABA'5`J$56(:D0-H@VBK4`R%J:L/$61EP-E0ZYJ7L]U20`$@*)@,1`$B`I
MD`Q(#J0`4@*I@-1`&I](MYKZZ@2W&G'EU@XM**V]G;T^0IEV4DNY**D%-[!2
MI@SP;*EZ/SS*5L12M$XX6PM5<<1.BHO)!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6BAE&[899!
M-(7:4&TM:6_'^J0J(^VIEV4A1$=E9@D8J8JF9#5(P8R?H4B)V4MQB@BA%
ME'*$16(2D05HAI1PPC#8]Y2%.%YURZVM2*'GD4J:NK09FVE_*A91!4DNS5$
MJ
J$)6(*D0UHL:BSA-B!
V&*N8)O1A.&Z?C

+
M53DD+.6O[E.O`.Q.4UAJ]!XSEAKM5\Y2LE]J/U&PU&B_2I8:[5?%4J/]JEG*

*7

M6BL+5O23#]*]9G?%LS@%4NY3M3#G5#[VX85#W59A)E[2F99
15)G5(3F
+
MM85;TWIB%

BH=DR.;)XWU.@V)DI?RG3X@29XO-
MIPZ-F



4%*!4ABA$E
MB%)$&:(<48&H1%0AJA$UB#:(M@+)\)B3HQ/8P^:W+;RUKQYV8T+;W*[4M7A

;7&NSYV
M..\.=OQ=@T5RUWE2NJUDW*1ZVR1(J,0I2)$,:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&
MT0;15B`9.5KL(7+O^\X\YZ9GA

M48&H1%0AJA$UB#:(M@+)T.DC&3/HZ+#CU\Q,!\WT''KD(J;JIO75E'$K5=T
M0PY0A(HQH@11BBA#E


:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&T0;15B`9'G



'12G.P1HAA1@BA%E%E$3X/(O'28*73]


3.-J=A`D(I
MD
PGTCNF@O/'^!L^Z0H^

J
M(55?UZSX1D):\^XQ=V@5Z=U=

M:/Q%J

ML\52


*$'%%%$F%*5[=)UB
M


!2?BH





X)3Q&7.T1.N0?]YN*



6($D0IHLPB[UE`


M4JX3I47T]1AF_IE


M3+[3CHJN\*C((GF$JCNU9D6:C`]G1\!2WH

[

%TWA%7K;
EF9-_?P
MKV61SI#5VYG-*ZTS^=Q'

ML8%7Z


MU_TC51;T.]N[NR\[^O[[2_


[[]]O/_R].WAU\M_/[Q<







@M*RH+:@L:UH+.@CX`[ZA[CGU$<^@_T4?.C.LC;MT[!M)I]
A
MK.`L.PMBQ(+4@LRW(+@OV%I065!;4%C06M!9T%O0!4!UD0DZ)*+0
;[


MS0PZBCC;#D@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*('L@)9`*2`VD`=(Z8#T(5%]03L:U1=N:[@

M`&F!=$#ZD*ANHD94W30]99Q:]\5`3%_8G=E1=.P+(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`[(&4

M.9`R!Y(:04@-I@+1`.B!]2%0WT2D:NVGMKD3.W1XX2[J?!K*DZ1J$MJ4)
M;4?1L9^`Q$`2(F0#$@.I`R!U(J8#40!H@+9`.2!\2U4_N\D)UU'1L.\AU






M+6EP7]3U




M
4#56.J


M(W&6


JUK_7-[-KT=\&9)KWM6359


MKM34F=


M9)44H&(T%&`U
]O'FM


O190A

M!)Q%../D:KICE2SG

+N8IJX*S/QE6M?\]7
;&\+SC/I
M;
^JR;J67A7&D:%QA=2@:4ZRW4*^#D@?$CTD*`*=

SK`9G5Q9PMG1O
MZ3+^X#J$5=(J,:.P%Z*E?H)JU2
@STEJ\(EQI=+/.:L\O&4GJJU*XS/HYS!
MEI+-D/BX&8;@5K)*C@H5HAI1PVC2?
LJ
=\AZA72P\/==(81PRX')SVIMO3W







F5].R:GK`J776LVI8)NBS_:YSH(5D][VK)H,Y6K






8-BP*BPY
M'D:\2B9*!:0&TIQDNX5\'9`^)'K`V,O,Z44FPDM+1L%.0=#$5-IY57@8092(
M+5Y%4T09HAQ1@6@O:**HI:BX$!6B&E$C:,)\*RHVWR'J%=*=:\M?^HP$N%=

1#/[
F=6</NF^8=6D^Y95TX<1K^+VGU]=F^-*



W?^IN-R(SEA/-

O9F3_Z

)I^LV
M


P0-!Z/-




PI8!\QFKE/G(-'PN*C9?
!II&;)U
CO2U2<?LE8IY1BBCCC++TYH@*


M6V7'*CFVQQ[Y.PI\.(2ST.Q[VW#**AG.&2/QE6M?\\7
5J/@3&]YTVU[WC%C

,S%X^'AEN7,_H,[!6=2WMYL^/-.!6L\%32




MJA)$*:(



[GW*(.J9F[O8VPHN91)$*:(

N*@

E
M*O98
Y(*-8A:1LK\W)CO1

J&2GSMO25J-A\S4C
-XA:1LJ\









M37K;LRJ

)?I!DE4S@
MC)%XS!D-
6MQ
[/WV@4KE+?@A['#F-NS:K+*):NDBRN/5




M





M!R38!_N




MJ45OR!AL*V.?




/MG('DY&8@


:]
4


I9T.Y^J!V=!:/?JDJV)?XK


48ZH0+07-%'4


MIZ_9P^
?A\GWHW_L\-9?MP6;0X]

M:CH?K6ET36UP&&HV3T36Z%MU(S6E)AAM`6J`\?I3]


.1I)
MH;*YMU;&4N:4







MQO?_7P````#__P



[J1;XNMU^4Z+I



I_S1N.]ISH,=`/:3FB\/B[F:W_=FC.D4WO'];J*H77MC/)ATMIKA

H$O
6
)-6:5V;D$
MH021!+$$B02I!)D$N02%!*4$E0
&E-HFO]0M/B._RHS*+V?FGH%-^$@DDR58
M92Y!*$$D02Q!(D$J029!+D$A02E!Y0`OF310/B.9RLQMG_YU.JOHBO=:1A6&
]EN7\QPN572=5(Y

L8T0J\V!A$`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`JEW@YI+6-ET,UEYU3
MG_K@7*;,^,G5A-:T;G+'HAPT0DUR@81`(B`QD`1(B0#D@
I@)1`*I=XR:6;


[/)R

MLD944DWR`W^0VR:6U)


3_*8


M)WG
K&*'QYREW`'=A

M.NYY'F@I9\H+$44&41_F-
2($E1
$66HF,J4+%$5'F*7DI'\MSB;ZTC:RO^
M#)(%$RQTYP9J2
%DZ5H.6F'^PW6,KM2KC?8FOOL`LR5*VHB6

M`B=.ENH
#8VDGM
M\46I963'S
PBM[W%\G]NI
YME0L11=96
R01):B8(LI0
4=4H&*)J/(4_52K

(`<&84CY4X;6ODYEFC\5`?
M+5X


42

9*QZ9@K0MV\=HV=)!2V

8J6/5
M2=M2


.H




S/NE7S68Q3U-U9Z<X`H1!0ABA$EB%)$&:(<48&H1%1Y
MR
^VVJ9^3K:5)5%Q-?+?2;VWM%(\1ID/@84(HH0Q8@21FB#%&.J$!4(JH\




KZ-0VDH_5









___OFO?_GT:_7^V_K'8K$Y(PNOZ[OS'YO-V^WEY?KQQ^+E



#]-^SEZ69&A21AS_N
MSD?4\/)I\^/N?'QU







MD@


M#5H-.@\$





Y)`7CM&
\Z`C+`[(5#T?$H9&_D$\'
MRJ4Y2_DC`+U+6&K4IT:**$.4



M=)(Y&&:!.2WYXW-@/7*'*^G=O;G`
F/C9T&/H@-AI;PIGSI;'LK0?(ZH0
42





2Z\EMH;OSOV3L4


R]&!GPAWC0
VMQ8LH2T5]:D.?
M=N?@`:?'2G@C5/SXY_K=ZHINZ\S_?NC\V(Z]QTR
_-'OD#K_:;B;
UE7U=



M*\/F=F;2
:W5;#K:WX:EQ($V=&!W)AWP(
PD\B`8XP-;=B.N%BR'_$SJ423B



MO7('?MJX]9


)(6RZ-:K$0QTF+-4M%N-RPE





)99*9%


M
7=0A(@*9`,2`ZD`%(J7P2=E4?@#^T
D[P7
Q([I/F@B1/\5SLI.AL8W:4


M+9DH1H-O724G^D69%;TM(2


M%=+-*
Q!B\+CFWXZ

FR-[
D/T^.0L

M0[%
G)U@V=EBBA#\SFB`A5+1%6@&(;';/O]\!Q(87=*\%/8(KH.Y][,IX`2
M1FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB+D!A_CK@OC)?O/$UQU.C26U!ED4/@88Z3L)

J$)6(*D0UH@91B\B\O]SDN$U5&VW[/G+[(N67

T-_69;B.$W
_K-

X:)E\HH=9V'8R

M*0;;^\9W^XIZ^\/&?6_RZVI#KY:G7*/7;]/_2F!!+UNC%[.?GWU;K3;\@VF@
M_Y\3?/Z?`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(0+4C[0!0``=1@``!D```!X


M5L_U






M#B&2(J(A@NN
=/]Y!ZB!9!B,V*
MR4!0T.Z#P&/1R(SZO`-C$MWX769?4FICZ^\`@\HK[O$V#@(0LK8]LB,J,^
M;[K8C`J_STPHKSY#68$992E9)X<(0LIWPF.]%-'P:D,%QS0L^UE%6L#-Z;C
M^$(K\(`UJWZ((
W:9]&(1


M3
7T=!1H?4P%;R.-TBJ$(UC)(@(0@6/8IU:!GX
9@J7ST9P4RLL^KP(=D*E@
M!X&PS;VUM8J%

MEHC$H9W6+$%
``MHR'Z5J`AE:TS$C$V!9LA$L)D9JH
XSXMPG,!H@H8+AK
M8@*@NX:J4$YGJ)C8TNB+A+U8]PN$














?WVQ]/@Y&'VV\W3U3^QZ]W
M/Q]A[?O'UYC[?O/P^Q\___;Q_OM/




_F1[X
M[?[^=R
M/AE$F=^HW.FQ![J'LT^WGV_^^/;4W_^5W]Y]^?I$W;VB&IF*;3_]
M*[Y]_$@M2F9FBV




I7/$W0]@X1J'X
MYNGF_=N'^[_.*+13AS_^O#$+Q7QK+/^#(4?(])S`8FB+'RP9AY=T[Y*=8\

@22Y!(D$J0


M(K^[=J

MH_;[8B#+JW'%V2D2*Y(HDBJ2*9(K4BA2*K)7I%*D5J11I%6D4^2@2.\2K^%I

7C3X@?W3/YZ.[8W/NS):;
B[P]NJ_/$M9V[R
M*EOIMT9-]@6-[HMJC/&H1H&^7PV7UQY__





M-
J1D7=/A4:ESKAGQ.52I:]@RR^]6&]J5J&H#9L':AD%/'9LBU710L2X`ZM@


MA[
U7PS(O_)9B)5X9U5F_1I#BQH5
51\^Y+`_'#[LM3#S9:(3F;/&\Y@F$-B

MO8?\\4$1RAL?O[357!@K8M@


P;RT9%MPRAZ#&H5L-KT.9-
MP\1F=%#*MK!%RS3*-2HT*C7:





M7
7.RJIXU-:*-(JTK[+=J7P'17J7^`/&7(ZZ^X=P/%D.=ZGN]2H0+^0[1H&I





M


MFR

M=XD_8
PUX0F+S'KZ!U&+')WB

XURC0J-
M2HWVC`)%K5B%0M0:-1JUC`+F.U;!_$&CWD-^)]*T\3KQUV:]L2)F_8#\Q4+&





E[`2][:$*AIH*


MOF

ML8
^4@LLP6K8+X$FF@9
M<VUQPCRUR/\(.$Z&I#7


OO85&I9?1;QFS



!U3AZ
MQ2:DA




__N2)X=?&



O-









MA4:E1?0


^U7=FK
*YE
@OJ/*-
J!?/-R
M











MV&8











M/%5S(/98`-FPL))?]2DA\)S)2;&'*ECCBKV7P/Y-19GR`8JKQRQBU47.
.


MVC




M.*5
-3&]B4PI4YU
K[92RI0?^GW#UKQJJTM`/W/8FC=N=0K]M($:?ZIL]'(\



UW.BW1-2G4RG75-/KR;+1;W&VN\D4^OT-M?54Z]#/-2AEJG7H

A53Z


M
MD&].TL2IEJ`_IV%*5
M0%]-XG&VU1-F_EFV\RG\K24TDZF=)1R&/Y!`#%Z


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#-@)5K#Q$``&];```9


;.0['W[=JOX-+[V/K
M]*&*




UNNOCWO:+HG


YTN;AL32D_%-6OB@S


M?5#XH/1!Y8/:!XT%KLBWK8-I:OX?#E9FE(/9
S
&XO&AYTR68)7(![$/$A^D






MC



MY&WJ_'LQ=:FA`H*2J`T(NU/FYM%([9]X[%%L%$?VGO'`CJ)5#)A/I1
\KQDC







MZ+UUY1DR]EH`$J,%!U-.(=21!G:RA$5J%@*G2U0ELUHD9L03%3Y_&_GUS*

5=AKH0ZZIF1DBUL;!1#6W:V3;-T/$M3EK*V[(RDN=QM[F`FF3X&






N.9.'!MQPSK'1NS.


M)4DYT]Y1&I6XEY4&V0M0BZSP].
Z&FDI9P$E!@IZTR8(LK05HZH0,524*K

8*=K2'
\N




M18!C

X9ES/J;.5[[GAY)(VL!WII@]E]@EI;
YI



M2$D!B($D0%*QS0&8@5`.I+)ZQ-UFH(8O58O_3GC[AC?29S`E8CYR\:)@/_





MT3O-%ZQXK$77W\[!@OP=3DW*(W]A


M_LR`[/C3R(MX[UJC8%NGQ9\Z&[0K

M#8.C

MCR8_?VJQ?L7O;#RE%]91EWT^H5?_'N+74WK7&
I6_N7!WN_B6ZG].XKM)7=3NG%5<BKVRF]8@IY-!Y.U14=
M_H;NWZ;JB@U_0Z]#_G*(S^@UR?N2Y?5U-IS2:RW1SFQ$PS[`OXRG7^CI`E<





CA6X
M[<*`V+C&NR\/TP0*C)&SV5*<D@`?BKY2F;&50^+/^?TEWU7&JVWW#'5@V


<(@JR_6)6I#]]E@KEWA\'4_^$PZR4Z;#MB


L2


MCGO^N7$/^Y


\?


M1O17)\@4S4A$&VKI0%L'.CK0C0(G6\E\5D?4BUTH7X0.)Z8@0X,=6D`V
=

MIF9AZA:F86&:%J:58)R

MM4&S!*0;RMS+R


8<B='DA,'<9AJCH,SE1U
M&+&IZC
_T49A2IW0
XH5%\;A:H#11THZ4`Y)P4J@Y4=:F`W4=:.A`4P=:



M8/Z+

MC@YT=:G`WT=&.C`4`=&.C#6@8D.3'5@I@-S'5CH@.?%(H58)+QXQTOCA5?O
M)!*[?%[L^GFQ^@=KJ`Q)'6IG%Y68Y#**R5G#%)?RVMZ)S?.IK5$Z]@.2A



IDQF3.9
%$UD*YQ?PPV74K67EO_QC3D]E=5R`4@K2*UH8BY*4
M]7.\+8NBE/5TG

30I
MEZ?$I
RDPJ3*I
:DSJ3!I
FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'I
]DP&3(9
1DS&39,ID%I*T
M$IASF@43Z89!M:54DC1#-A85Z5F4I#1#WI9%44HSY#P692G-,V/V0S]-8ZG



!DR&3$9
QDPF3*9
9DWE(@HL9S.W4!5B8)/?9OY#*2%\
B^E
M$J0OLHEJ,RU/5)IIQJ(R/8O2E+[(^VQ1G-(7T_*8?=%?AGA&7PQ6+4KZT]=
MU$V*@BP2]_MBRBDK

ME4F-29U)@TF328M)FTF'29=)CTF?R8#)D
F(R9C)A
F4R8S)G

MF728=)GTF/29#)@
F8R8C)E
F$R9S)C
F2R82-/#0I*FQZ9H82PJ4AH?;\NB

I&8C=!?K'W:/U/#.&U@4ZPQELU1-6PZ&ZV:]!
M4%/$XN&7Q^?4ZA7H$I
RDPJ3*I
:DSJ3!I
FDQ:3-I
.DRZ3'I
^DP&3(9
1






.DRZ3'I
QDP&3(9
1DSF39,IDQF3-9,)%.B+4FG9-
M14%*)^0\%B4IG9#S6!2E=$+.DUZ61B?T/\7;Z(1V=PSW?Q9[W5B_N2Y4R0UY

M28=)ETF/29_)@
F0R8C)F
F$R93)C




VF


JDQJ3-I
M
&DR:3%I
^DPZ3+I

QDPF3*9
9DSF3!1/IA5A)


V_U]JN6DO
MX0_
:5F?MSI@
F0R8C)F
F$R93)C

JDQJ3.I
&DR:3%I
VDPZ3+I

MDSZ3`9




MR:FQ04@@0!)/!,;Q]38Q@5D,O/O3S?26M#=;[S$LC'^KK5TG;K!OKZO[_?



MV?M3(_KY
5]

MM?3]Z_-




M3O3^SFOH5C-EF/DQK-JVIU:W\H9M9-Z:FS*7:&?SUW:O=WWR]_$O-X$]5
MZ*$,J2VX%;KQS-`C0GK&UDTW;=R06#M@U&T0VZ-B@:X/8!CT;]&TPL$%B

;%#88;X%+50BL!E6!3C74U1_![ITJ-KZVS(U?
MOS(7^J&





M;9:@Y]MS:)G95X)(8.F;`.(*;2$!)0`0E3824$(`48F0@-(!$)4N$E!B`%'I
M(0&E#R`J`R2@)`BDB(!)2M!68(7WM5U[=8N0EO)344=7EY9\\W(5@I3J=5J
M=GV,MQ2C$M7Y_`F5J--6)=;NK8/?AS*TKQ21P%IJ`H@KMH4$E`!`5-I(0`D!
M15`DH'0%2Z2$)`42EAP24/HH#)`D@(2HH$E`Q`5(9(0,D!1&6$!)0

M(0&E`R`J722@Q`BTD,2A]`5`9(0$D`15%`DH&(I#)*#D)
MAY&M%`!B+V


0.J3B-*`$4@)B2BE
MC$#*2$1IR`BDG$2?@CMWH?@I\@6)V

M+WVHMY;G(A@$,W#4HL12`')9G&LO^4V(Y!$E&*&('4(1&E+B.08A)1ZC$
MJ4\B2@-&(4DHI0R`BDC$:4A(Y#RBFR.0KU[^QJ1(Q4D8D]C1E1/9H6J.CJE
T77^G[5%(H)!-`]++48@!23BR-N
0`I)1EB!%*'1)2ZC$*

M2$1IS(B2S`K55^:W*_2X^^KZB[?6KG['F3RN^HO+]5BULWVF=%!J.5)`(O;4


MAZ46(Y`$G'D;48@A22B%#$J4
B2EU&(
4DHM1C!%*?1)0&C$!*2$0I9012

OSJ'^.

0.J0B%*7$4@QB2CU

R)?A?;.I<Y=I<-2BQ&L@8!$7`-M1B%)*(4
0*I0R)*748@
MQ22BU&
$4I]$E`:










_

I^O\!_5\26?=?G]_P```/__`P!02P
$
M%``&``@````A`*N


MLC`-6839




(7Z9`<=V.A-LW[X]8=[<
M[60P:`,6OO](#E'M4]6J:H?GOQI$U3M^Y_$[Q*#\;

M]OV)YSO+3RS
J05]X!682H?UY4&

M:19ZU5MA=/HK2)T&YK%N%K0DU(#J;ZU9-*Z.&79%T@EZA5R!M$Z0!YT\*V4M




M6:@5U1%;5@965^R?[6STZT'78RL'*F3\62KRG0DQ`\FQ



$%``&``@````A`/@L^[$X

X
=8X8*$4&_?4--7*\T1R8D4L)KQB)3PY\+J(&[BLCYZH

_<ATIF21H+.R!2\[YZ3R328+1YOL.))CUJ!-&[B





P6X:AD0*`#47:#*IOCA_/H*10/

A:21(RR;`2U$0H
M
A9?D8&#]&R
*DE\ZZ2YO.9MCI%D`(K



M5%]4'RQ/*O'1^J01GR]0!'NA5E=36!_
*U4[:B1$:VJ[CC*EQ(Y0(Z(F!5ND




TL5




?NI;\!/;A6DQ+M:_F+[[X1N*PG=GD%!



LL@D

##
381)P.3XE-M#CRS(53


C&DYPII.J





M;8-S7=4@#0T+3PPHTF

M@BG@YIXU+Y(U^B@\

M
=:V#$G9[/[[#C6







&C@\A:R_/U1J65R/_\.J=DYJ`A`E@_)L'&U?S
7&@&[\4S

EHT`(
M$ZJRS3+?L!%64@(FZIS%T#Z1+/+-D@]DXQ


RS=3;H_=(GLB39#`CM
M$YMD

M#A@CTGJ#T76JT$G0%63%II/44YD+V#0Q))`-M7]%]6A62GE`!D'#1&K+42
MX\6B\?#%PIBC+2P40N&;XZPC(UI&3!2A=6M-A*=RG`E2:#W@^W55#[@@1T7E
MQCP





5&$JOTE


IE/&EF_Z(2D^AWZ
M)9:R
A41+2
FBEYSP)60V9I&'](N579NQ/!U2K#.TC)@H0I1FS?%E?8T

M7V&/
T%G^`:?35RE0Z(R1;-EHE&HS)ML4A:T27SWP5&^!J7X
UD9H%B):QDQ




M2P

M=B8S?[_7&(AM4D+R



2-+;./&-
4$@4:RVUDI*0``?#7*'
^-21Y+WY
M?\DS=ER;L[GE+YP9`KBQPY2]Y)S2--(S9:3\+4(B^I)W)9D!NK;^W/+#7SD
MSQ]@\5H6^-^Q(


(Q08\1K8QGCD'KTW(J%?F.;IZ





MU'P]0C^

28)/J:!

:K
KYKJ@.&_/OOYZ?%J;1M%FU
MRTZ\8AOS.VO


M8KM[T



-4`.ADBHA`*9HAYL!R$6.B2H$RY]+9I#@H0A<1Q'?4LJ
M?B\+N7V%D4H5-Q0Z/U(E@3N%!?'4E(J0!+`VM+1XH;O0@&0(N&/J)#!#

MJ%='/#TVL4I0=T2?@@0CR2F!&0)%)X6.ANDJ%)

M2)TF0V*T3M

ZI?I6CXN5`4@OH7&$V4\6%@ARIRT!^;H%/W#
MXSIEUX%THGA%1%)2)PDM#^F(52P4*4GRC@-K:46S]G=#P%?_(!.
4M+7-S_
M=+8WIM3I0C@TG=)


M730=2/J



3N=&B/G;^+*E(#SK[_*Z]P(KG.[




M(\U_0-S;4



?-F^;4^_&J/]WFZS



M-Y!1






!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2
E#9QD@W=
MX$\D6YB![@)#JA
)O8$4ZZ.2.I=N+:+3S4C`2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4AI
M$R?=L$0[Z6[?;&##%=)-5C$9CY*

Q*5DMA&HK1@)&0D8B1F)&$D92

5(P$C(2
1(S$C2,I(QDC.
M2,%(:1,G85`M5R1,2+L)DV1L\D7!BH*`@I"B(*8@H2E(*


MPY3[3F'$S;8B5K8U

MMTZ7*`6;#5W-?!!0RM?]).`HYA--**
2)C*^$HY2A#9&SEB(RM@J/206Z6
M(3G79%F(DRQ+-!63`T]8MZ09+



MM44E9?(=*


M%%V3(A
$CFV
R'A
%#KO
36*9SQF*&5/:!TJ!E%T\EBB+2@7DPGK&=WA%N=K


T@BTC#).7
I#AH=&J:2@N9O%0G9DP9H

P`'


M$B
RWA*%T)LW]TB]I*ATUEN&4L9;CLAX*ZBWZ2U9&4I4^LB;.ZKBHH&.JMV=





EF3B*RF2
?'BSA
MCKU1O+`$22E3T8'2
R1D)#*V





-D;S'[J
_!'X^SI



I[/$#PG(G6?:=D\EMW2=XK7M6/4OBHBP0I-`F
`
84+(-`IF
(1VND#J3Z020/*+8;J+9H3P<5K%ZSN,8Y\-3Q;E28



W#N:^MWYTL(/%B
M$2\T.%D0!E&B%Z)
%D2!'RT^BHREJAHXY+')VF(6O2W*$%$0A;!7\?.U61


2SP==CUY[`GO7(R1BS3YZ;[:;9$:)R@C1



.3I;[/T_PGP0*IY3^%
0'
MQKK;!WZ!^_\F-O\!``#__P






PR;;J3%$3H`GX-3;J8&*))\




M).#S%L832[*$8@E-$8X4D+8O!3\K3*..%%X-;!`B$HU90B(Q0SFC'CD5&T-3

M!KU
&+BCPMR=^1N$4(7I8C'MUH9#1&+1(:1#]
50-A&%2Z.DVP_M$$*8*KT1
MC@3&^UE;(BV!@3L2+&Z!FQUJ@Q`Q/C$2*-(DBJ*9W;LFB'00
0V[



^KQFH(R

5P2-'%<M


MC)H_^-Q1*JS3C-M`A&B21Q2/:!)Q%3%6SRL5_GUPB`;1*Q7_@:6EB'3C'@0L


\M/52G
M8+J!/$2341Q1S(IABT+O
`WM[S#^GSHW+45-#QZ1/*)X1).(JX1G2^\KF`A=
M)5



P?71[1=PWNN2[+
_DG*?GZO!

M\^










MNEYV[;1)+?ETM5UK+BHJIR6ST[-QTL*-]7-[6$/SYE5Y/YA_=_4!G?

*,'#@!2`E(!4@-2`-(T@&P!Z0#9`;)/


MP
X^P10/G)S(QZ1WKG3^NNWA[O?;IZHX*AQ]13LE(Y_H#DE&C7
1*W]#P@
ML8(GMH(WGC1UFO_X-+G*9KKB_Z5'@9U`I2`5('*=9J^D837A


HF*
Y`FLRNMJ0IK$A_5IRR@Z5V`V73;4Q:P

M`PN30UB+T!$+49\*+J9K[8E2!-.





MHO&XQ
7

M@Z$E*0K!6\SM7
&LR7Y2MN085`Z=/





!D#-KK$EZ79/80`H1]`UDBNV115+S$-5*M
<<ESJZ
M.4EX2%_FS\U6G[N/Z#G!D0W&LV(6%2P7D1*0*NJ6CE4#J0&D!62+BCH@[0#9


MYDI8L2'4`D5CC4`4XZ!K

M_]8B&&TUT5;4M5B8(:(50641(PH6.Q&



7+




G^0G0!ED%0B5%4(U0@U+4);A#J$=@CM
M%:3]YP;

M;*\Q[4PW0Y[A3!Y


M^_99SH(CMVO



+6E?B.%9



MFF:6




8T+%M0'W94YII3
TMNH




M0

2?T?!EUW[B!)T<
M5)6#R7':!U'F3HWII@RE=1B@-,IF8MFPKN13)P5I5B



MH?B^?SZWR`:0`I`2D`J0&I`&D#9%]*.Z


Y-=Q^
M%HYN/.

YU?CX4
M5LSZ6J!!^XW8Y]_QF)JS0BM:CIG7`3AOC%O@&

M`LD[_D9Q*:]KGYF05

MT5BCC67KN3ESM6/&M&_M



M^M3#'I*CP]1^L*$4S:E].
%5PDJ3%XPUS!)CDPFT7)8Y9DS[U@TE83L;]ZV?


-888_0[)/HKG*VH.69
N]P-+F=D-





ML31332NJCRU`A\;-&S8TV3S^K/II;_6[3\#9S&4HIE8N+'K0Q






M!1
6W*D**TUO?J#DL



M+T7]L81CY[.N-
7!8B.ZM$5S

*0\D)EG[`X\`:




A:PTG7UI5;





M(-W5AC?WM:.;ULA0VAH#--@`/O9D`M6GTE6(SJ*X1J%&P0:I6@=@
Y2[GA

J$*H92G0U+5*4+O'30:AABD[1FJ8!XED#%I[R'1*
S7D
MS!H9@X1%W@CQQR
HL^0-Z;7]PTEJ$G3

K:C7
MNF+#U6%P8T@:AK?U$!YFTNAXR)PPS*5.OO:LL1[K/38Q5#ZD$O[0P:EJ%=A
M30J6NT98A1\'04%:A@:_MQL&P731#KF?#=SI
X?J0$_HJ1CV)JAM!4$J'\%

MY$(;Z1*!IO+):BN$9@Y99DHLA:;_-!1D9Z`E[2)@Z6-!OVJ$-M(PA*87DIR\
M3;341-83K=


MF9!0%-2^]
9^[-38?NRQD6-!=N5IH^G
M.1@$$13GR_A#RT&F@IRXA$)35A(


-@C/Z)HO9L0@[W-'TV
ML8

Q8U'5N(8L=YGS#./NW/+*K
.;%AZ#F9=Y]O@D\VH_#P]K)+R%)7M(I



W`D8N1
P


M&BC4IZR!XJW6D
TF]@]O4_A'%F$RPHUNYV0$3X1Q3K^AWRKP&4&GBQ##I?V)




%Y&G1QU1`%J(H6H@**.A/(F9I%#`+40%9
MB


M3O^$=@D'%XH&TY*WD0
6S5$X/(^W)6K_YA*!HG.*08H8&*2(
18-4L@8X^?+
-B-XO]^
M-;A9V_9QO08OC`7!'DF-!I*AJI!:'3T36AFHZ'P\'6#_Q&UR=KV7@J69TSH
U45




$%``&




Q
06FY^KK%J#

JCK(!66_


M[X-&8
\*N_U@8WX^&[XM6R5D'+

M`$/0I14'7/)_B-HA#AZ5DL-=&IQ)(2.T$-6&/`Q$&`@Q$$@1@#B0%80D`7
M($(XX);SC4V;0HR%F:8PAU-[8DN90R#)]`ZQ[5#O#:D%8,@/D$@H0$B0@2

MQ`1)3




EM








8WP'G
M'#6\1'-?N@/KV7!\^




MVZ#CT7ZS+-X.]7']O(-Q_W*GZPW&;O]@X??;S;%NZM?3'82;R([R
2\FBPE$


'-\%\]%S
MU9S2K0@Y'FU^-*=Z_S]IY(I.=4$\%00^51!O?G

M*@A\?ID(%R0M%2:TK21V]9Q


M4@ID%


M:.I
.IH8DC`D94C&D)PA!4-*$[%H`D8LFH8E(ZQ;-G`0*XGXD

[?H*%0R32
M&:%;S)$(2E#,H;D#D84IJ(-7;8M&X8N[VQRX1?]%ECH@A,4,2AJ0,R1B2
M,Z1@2&DBUD!A=FX8J+V!RJ1J1XG!6(*)!1(*9!1(*=`08'2`*SQB2J?[Y)W


(#L91F0/2J21[[1\3IW`(4-/5120OQ&%&&5=


M?+0*NW6=8/B%U.YT

M@B`M=F6Q?&
:$+4.T;NB.)P*T&E8\6NEDFBA(3QT77=F9XP4G885CE9^


M@3RDB_-(PJ%4Q\*%GW$HYXX%ATK+T:9!U*$WT*#*5J\;\\J54&A*W?5I):6L


M9_




<AP4


3(0VK]V
K2Z('#6


I.*.!1S*.%0RJ&






UF^?







P
D3[:@)\TFILX3`;#2T8#J=%T
M!'[^_&A&:`1^_O1H`HB&IB?F%[02GCTI`8A:;?CEYP<20&18,RY$DIM!T!M%
M%TQN0%B?CEW*+<V5IO0GRSWR[L/V\V/*UA/(!IW[TNS.@5C8YWH9HFP;'
ML@`BUUBY-V8^7L
T0X#O('6_WP6]H/_A]CODVR
*/1P0XA(I29B

'8G$F02



D5*10I%:D4J169*C)39*[(PB?
MAUL7.!#(\U]:$DT:I?95)&)(IDBN2*%(J4BE2*U(E-%9HK,%5GXA#D,HN4



2M/APQ\-=S'$RB4N
M-N+Q1:Q&$]$72IJ1M!



6
M
9KZO9Y8FG+JTK%8:O:#@J3\T

MN



^YT(8[$&%R3EY[AJL4(IT:*8ZYIL'6N1



4RM$6K032(Y)U33LT=

O
-Q

E&QRZ]U#S[





L_.8/(86).46
MBI*0:ZWBK85]^#

M$@^1_E1:Q/)9W_2;XS%



TBJAR+69S%MGG:J4KJD3OS



MV5K$TCB0Q\P4%4^E

;

+


4_&A7IE!=`J$M*
)-6?!J_^&VG
MUF`J/3OBI%*0E%N[2D*=':A$!P8C^5F*FNQT=F!*4JX#,T*='9CS#D31:#\
]`#1O6&1L(/*SL$4=<S-!6_X+0(UR:M&9+S0JM6*E


#_@79'!*R_C=S/!



M%





O2







M]_1D]7RWOG]X_O'E=)E[GRY/3S9OM\_WMX_KY]67TW]6F]/_??WO?S[_7K_^


E%-?'MX?'C[9]OHZ<G3W77PXWG]
ZWJR_OW54<V?U`[7'?'5V=:9:^OKY_D&-






X[15Z0W

XOS&)8U(GS
M[6EO]8(JUY7^U95C;



M@M.Y


ML2'TC+/#Q!120[!*UQ0R3=A1NO7]!TI7:V1'Z7ZDD4)K9$?I'FA$*UUUPF^5
M[N'UA
K27P:XY\:S=%AG]KT

MRA0)*!&`J
R0@!(#B$J!)040%3F2$#)`$1E@024'$!4EDA`*0!$I41*5I%

EU1E2]!JKIJUCRBZ;=RL.J.JADU(



U0A2*08P.2V-&('DDXL@GC$#R240I8`12
M2)*4T8@122B-&


ME:,0/))1E@!%)((DI31B!%)*(T8P123)*2.04A)1FC


2.0/!)QY!-&(/DDHA0P`BDD$:4I(Y`B$E&:
0(I)A&EA!%(*8DH
MS1F!E)&(TH(12'E#ZK

M*6,0$I)1&G.*2

MD6N^6V_8A/8=X1G!($8DXB#&C$#R2$1IP@@DGT24`D8@A22B-&4$4D0B2C-&
M(
4DHI0P`BDE$:4Y(Y`R$E%:
GO9RO5N']M8G(ACWZ+`T9@221R*.?,(())]$E`)&((4DHC1E
M!%)$(DHS1B#%)**4,`(I)1&E.2.0,A)16C`*6](79^[RM/<LP7;$+LI&5'=




;A@=EL:,8%MY).\/
MQSJ^FSWYAZ6`$?04DH@]31F!%)&(THP12#&)*6


0/))1E@!%)((DI31B!%)*(T8P123)*2.04A)1
MFC,*2

M=%@:
X*-Y9&((Y\P`LDG$:6`$4@AB2A-&8$4D8C2C!%(

MI(Q$E!:
0

MUFG=3NMDZ;`T9@0;S2
1M\$$4@^B2@%C$`*241IR@BDB$249HQ`BDE$*6$$
M4DHB2G-&(&4DHK1@!%).(DI+1B`5)*)4,J(DO5*KSOM2MU_-M^KKP.USY;L


8
P+)(Q&E2.0?!)1AB!%)*(TI012!&)*

M0/74/[92[&LGCOF]

M-IK9*+918J/41G
I
M7AP9E6)<H+UY3Z$J1C8:V\BST<1&OHT&X4VFMHHLM'
1K&-$ANE-IK;*+/1
MPD:YC98V*FQ4_8!.LX?4MJ\+I?Y!G/I'&)Y6KS]6-ZO'Q\W)W?I7]6
WZG-4


MHU8
?J_4_Q#E?1

M-;O`E4-1GM


MA\?ID[U.W-5TOGEH`O1/GKU7TO\GU;%X_Z7
][_GEPRB#3PA`\]%\15%?]LC



5+X#?



S!I=8O

)#:01$84^R`8X^U#8=4^


M8S$)04W$CK-8^5H4$E8BQU


M)\8


\J:

MS6O&
8H=6'*4IM49SM;U



MD@






(A;E6








F\_CT!TK#VG+^N/W3G)/H-T^_IV



B)(


BB
C!GQ&9DP
M$C`2
C)E9
;(G)$%(TM&5HQ$C
2

MTS)C
I!6E\)6FI1A8V3
B

*`@HF84CC8$[!@H(E!2L*
M(@IBA(-&/


M



H*VYLRJ1DC

G%LH*Q1?
JD5(Q%WBSE*=#\C3'#S:X2IN+]JB%OQ\]MV\W.001F$
MRX:*;:X-]U'%W940

;
M2BL;KEA+*[9AC=#*5F'CR.=H@NBB?(!62C[D:



\;2JMK54%J:3LQRG\Q6A]_UZ^T

MBY%RQ!9C1'**;9*\?YNM*4EKYE0XJ3BCH02YJ1%8A4*'*[
11'W3=4**G5



K1



9



4TNM4V75L



M8X$71VEP]X/I


M7ZH&L70\.)+F6BO'@X-ISB/'B_

?P

]7<$4AS)W=5Y%6VU=H`/Q[











BH6`Y/




M4XQ%H\?32
^#8-K79V/51R=CY/#9T@RM:*P&B$@M9&HPP6;5;XY.K6H16I%:
MC(C4$J;F6);('GW96M52#$UJ&2)2RTVU;L=Q6)TMT.F4FIDYD%_79(XR9S6H
M1&8-&K$+/E%KSQ?4(&U%H\73CN=JD':$#TI

MJ!@CHG-

M$UI5JC
U2%O1R/&T8UL-TD[P05DD:U#5`.S3`-M$:B%3:ZI!EZA%&)JJ0HR(
MU!*FUE2#+E%+




MFF=(5AA^CHC1Q+%B,SP[(:=D!6&7RB\*E$&2(S/+L[YV2%X0M$Q_!&5]M\

M9\M%/HV


:+6%B1FZQ1S^FPF]@


61VKQZKZ')T
-;YV%*$5

P5-;
(VG5-%BESED4E
M

W0DQ;Q9D0V4`AU/

M'7J&5C1
`T2D%@HUOD


.3



M;6_(([AY:KMJH8C=L=5.QOR.QEN6J#0QZ!7_CX?KRFK&5C^.6/8]7BW(9`



M@-C`ARZ\O;Y?.#*VR21P



=$VV]&X(_+

-P.W!&[

#.R'69I7QXA`/@[.!U8



M


-ABX&
08!!B$&$0

%;0GQ
[NW8I<<)ETDU69C)4@?!?

M

A

)8])FPCB9M1N?-08;#+88^!@$


U
L[V_GNF.C$(+

IQ=U/9TMTK[$4Z/6?*/\]4:;25F](
N$
I6(M!O%5T'-45\(;6`O4XK9<_0HS=00:B$-$KCY'T
M:#?%9]N6A;S%G=[P)B=1WK28L%0JO:D`,HEX`);KNFCESJ\%8`XV.X?]I\%F
MBFC'QY&Q%+BXY;JVN-2UI4!(J5K:2D6%?(HB=2V
Y1(*484Q10E$O6N6JF4



MO#

M;)YD9E;L-MA47+1HK5!/&C9RE$WN*7(5[:D
MQXBDI&%,54,5&H)]24VLHHRI4M-7


;7/4[/%U)5'FXI+CFTH


9D3$W=4


?0HZ!5HKGJL[4&O










@ER0H)2@DJ6H)&@E:S@).,D]_HY@*AE:

PU60\F0X2!I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`M$`ZFSC!
MIM7@[PBVDJ'5A89T2M#5
WEK?:RA?NP60(-Y`42`8D!U(`*8%40&H@#9`6




MB;C1UL2*]D!

90+M53H&#N3LJ&DVI






MG6I=IY:+(`Y$
#L6.N:4F[UDY9U$_]J^4AZ.;D[LTDS)B*S6R
[J`7GR(E%/
M6$AKVC]1Z;
:4*:M:(7@M

M$\NI



MM

M\74U82MW*HF42[657L;#R2*

M+.1UJF8KKU


M58AJ1`VB%E'G(#=^M(Z_)W[*7*S$/3)%\%J])Y*
#$F`I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2


(RCM^X9ZOSWZU)*%W
I7U-HY6QD/

MP5:FNX*1Z:[4B/ZHM(IF]
Q73

MVU&M$?U1U-ZW@BC].X






?K0





MZ,/I..!8ZYH$[%]3VW#<7SGOP1Y_]@E55(SO'`6ZH?5(+T64L;S1RA$5


MD
EWJD2;44[?/T\1YQRI\:`YWAFE!GE!GDZ*XR6[DP\)2F-`2M71IE1;9G



AZTPH
XF

J-'SLH1R`^J






MBL1#ZXH;G5?YD@/..)S(#V4N\D
CN\(=D!F#D63HK:@
X3Q.IX`RC:SW/^0&





`2K+Z]^^?#KNW_\_FWS\J_R



MHIKL!;ZU\_1AVI^^^_;NYQ^_O/SK%2VFU*5?_WAGEN;!#\893_CV%O-+P+$5

M!C

&C!D\:




(P;FH@H


MY!'($Y#GD$3:H*W1&=HPUK$V++D:^U5G`F0*9`:D`#('4@*I@-1`&B`MD`[(



2\ZA


^8_

MC4IJXJS

MK21BRT@F@


U/#MWZY6YB

MS9PO7FBN!S@=.#_T(_C5KJYY,2*!EE$ZA4`GCJK]E/-H&&K60Q:!EE$^CB


MGI'OS+M[)`C9'$^`3('
@!1`YD!*(!60&D@#I`72`5D`60)9`5D#V80DZGKS

;I29Y
)MZ/;^?@*/'56)QZ+B16KHD`T1U0BJA#5


7%69B+(#;?U=?Q)F7-#!MQ]A7AF-$=42L/T$ZA*#-A-C6X:1*TT






)-2:4?JAWH9_?2Q4+!M3_SMC
MVC'F2C86Q=/.-6Q\7


MD7:^;R]MOA)613/1-?Z48GY8).98T[,1,Y*[I\9-PPO$A^5L!6U%TGI*63.
M5G+'EHPD8L4HCJBV-C5;92,V;416T82L6
41]2/2M@J&W')5A)QQ4@BKAE%

M2B6`![N:_603:-A*$F@9Q0W5Y-
YJ_PZNTC[4JO(DJTDB16C;!+K7DELTKXD


(QD
M$I@(D4GL]SA<#IU5N$#6$2%^/+[%$0E-JP0U=BP0=1BPP[1`ALN$:VPX1K1

#
D4T0U0@FB
J



M*-8(K5/G:
28*XU8)*6:R94F4R`S(`60.9`22`6D!M(`:8%T0!9`ED!60-9`



M941;%KE&W1

M)&)5FF)@J


]?0E&%E/+#0
MY1J&'88?-9(D^#8N&4G$*AT1JEI](C;L7B;HEI%$[)(1X?.SW#![C4NVDH@K
M1A)QG8ZHBHP;;G@L8B0P\S)B)+#\L?1@'N]4&

MQ:
_1U1BPPI1C0T;1TV[!`ML.$2T0H;KA%MHH;Q\)PJ)_;Z,IYKK8Z=!N^
MBSJX4O77B;



MJ



2F*:(2H0S1&5BI$-:(&48NH0[1`M$2T0K1&M$%TCVB+:(=HC^@!
MT2.B)T3/$8H51E-1I+`3FPQCKC89%IGCF]?6Z$;-VY-K;R6R`31#JP+1'%&)


M$.T1/2!Z1/2$Z#EL49H9W*.1HRYTHA%4C*;7&LR!3(#4@9`RF!5$!J(`V0



+K2-%<#-CS0CPS6B):2</T9:S%@-UL(C?Q%&#*

]'.BMZJ\OTP.VU/J`4


M+0TS231LE4VB92M)HNN5Q$(:9I)8LI4L/2M&$G'=*^)&&J8CQC+4==W\Q$DU






MX\$E.24&]^SR_M#X.8RN7'FBO

MMI($*I5`HL.YT;$$X@X_K]!T@X4FA]1]H#ZE
6$K.MP=[Y4I6\ED/'/(B7YP

;
IJA
M58%HCJA$5&J$36(6D0=H@6B):(5HC6B#:)[1%M$.T1[1`^('A$](7J.4P;

T1E8@J1#6B!E&+J$.T0+1$M$*T1K1!
M=(]HBVB':(_H`=$CHB=$SQ&*-6*J*6=





LM'7;&6CZS_



M&^J!K234(R

3J8QXN10_%B=*L_5L=6

47LUHI%[N+M@JNOGUBCAG*YEZ2D82L6(41U1O:-5LE8W8L)5$
M;!E)Q(Y1'%%I:

M
Q$?V$HB/C*2B$^](CY+PW3$^&XY[TG(+3X)

6
;B[ME*(FX92<1=KXA[:9B)^
!6$O&1
MD41\ZA7Q61JF(\:WB7Y^E3_AW/K'5'QZNG



MGJVR$1_82B(^
I*(3XSBB.K
]\Q6QR+&]X9Y_-6_/'YKS-6&RR*UA*C#\H0;







M.QT*7S=&-$4T0U0@FB
J$56(:D0-HA91AVB!:(EHA6B-:(/H'M$6T0[1'M$#
0U#<F0*9`9D`*('

7+5Z/`
-K[0


M[N7%I2J&%6P0A=FX3E;R5U2,I)@%:-CP6HVR`9KV$JM8PD6
?H6+`%&QP+









31
M+O^3#M;CY

MM$T1+1M$:T072/:(MHAVB/Z`'1(Z(G1




#F0*9`2F`S(&40H@-9`&2`ND`[(`L@2R
M`K(&L@E)U/6#UT$L-7Z
P\DUDV\[_9
'B%-`B:+`.RZIFP6GU
N=7T@
./M

M#
(YV;JF\8[&UMG1Y.PWC*FQM6;T14QB!G_0?L81PN]K8A9$I;'M$Y6&.Q%U
*\HL[@`JLZGEV$!Y[QI3Y6L-V)T[@W


YLRR.9`\G)GD

M/`0IWS23*FL3R*D
N^-



M.523%BWC/WPRU
]V2(NN%?WP.:2TZ

MB\XLFP-IT7OCGB8M6I;_P#QIT3?-)$):[)
(:=%[XT1(BWT2(2WZINE$E!9U
M&?B4%K'8.[BP+-KJC:_4

HMG'F<F.B*8?R]R.
M:#@8HA9=*]H&''=.6NR3`VD1<B`MGLB!M-@G!])BGQQ(B]X;2XT:-G)79EO
MFND
FN[Z)$):]-XX$=)BGT1(B[YI.I%8BX

!F
\TY]N:6T-0?%&23P8DUE`-F\R(IN?2S


M(4@[GF5D';`'4UWP$@5WAU.=Z9N&TYW)XH0`UOG)9UQMK2R61:^.I1@-*Y@
M1\L8,!I78#2NP&@0@=$@`J-!!$:#(Q&#!B-&#`:
,]/&?1M.;\<QPPF
QA
8#2@P&E%@


M/



Y/

MN7B
;QFQ&9VK`KE*8JYNQV9RV\P&R(H$FWN6#5%Z
PE1)5B=8(UGV1M-Y,0
M78(M$FSI63;$RIM)B'6;6*F1M^4]
Z8TLP0ZQ7-L?AY%KYEQ$VSL\=TP&92


@_7AO
MO#4A_5B6GP!(4KYIYCXCE?5)A%3FO7$BI+(^B9#P?--T(DJ+I@IWCA9=U4[D

[M;EB




C`A-T^Q\0/.B-1
9
MD!0U(NUI1#KKXY]TIEN2S#0B76E$&NKCGS2D6Y*$-**I2R.21A__)`W=DI2A

MIU-(`:Y5O



WS*Z=$U/
MS3[.3'9$-/U8QKNRZPMX]YN=D^%QH9







L$X+D!NY(6\!HNO/N.`1I
MQ[-
8&650E6)UB38&V=0FV2+!E@JT2;)U@FP2[3[!M@NT2
M;)]@#PGVF&!/?8<LWC^





[YCHG*5TV3`%EF)


U5TK^'QM5K3J-]=TQ-29[-0ZAS!?N?7\.I&#2IUO'-^3&A.ZVR6
8)1WX(=]2TPTC&P)L':
M!.L2;)%@RP1;)=@ZP38)=I]@VP3;)=C^_U@[U^6VC22




M#/F$(9\PY!.&?




H81@E#*.$


]KZO)G<<3OMTYTE2*S[6G=AY0P73$NVQ7J3NS/_
M33A8UF2E6!K=T$P8G@E#-&&8)@S5A.&:

MU

M?BQK6:EX!K/
2B5'.C;%6!!I9W7=)1DFYA*I&3`Q[SPQ3!2&B7G;=N]NB@$O

+S


6<N[G?!&W+<;]2+Y3B
1MBY43.*JVK)EI&Y^XZ7*\;0MPSLC[

'LV&[
M9




!^XBPPZ3+/I

M5KK0


MN


.03AGSD$\8\@E#/F'(
M)PSYA&?
.03AGSD$\8\@E#/F'()PSYA&?
.03AGSD*_+G'RVM-5[Y';



MA*&/

1OGB$+AWD


MQ&A/832H
%I4&$W:L
Y*#6TJC$;-VY9/)BLU-'0NE@Z/EA9&4PNCK871V
)H


MSI`8S2V

:&%GM@._O0
/QG<R)A/<TXP%ET?(L9E3L/\Q#9SL*ZG5&WL[!N


M^I]5^Z==M!KMCJS:WQ]IS&Y]*JXI(FG8;E;M+]QU.[LFMWU&NMO%=+6_5-;M

)
M8_9S
QQ+&+


MPCJHJ8.+

]+\KP


\?

M;S9?_!\``/__`P!02P

M+^NZ.J
ENC)@1+



MH@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
R4B
P

M1=



M8./42AFOMRQ?R'1!N6HGVMF7;#CIS.8+*$W3M-FGIGS(L+9AW)`M)!EO/GI
MJN`5.RV+E(1T=?`2TN7!TS#UD5(K529BSL;]H!DG_LIULD2$SKDQI(\4^7
M`N^=7VLAQ3]=$CS_=$WP-.D$?\\Z:H+V700:7=JJPDMOS09+RM]`M=/$G




MO
.'Q@!2B!L9:/<9B&O'<`9J]6U

M^/4D0Y;D)?PH8EZR))3W6./)@NA=^.]2(?^IAQ66)3D.WT

MR4^T=R22GZHXQZ6'%_?83U;2&%5A*;1E#3#`9_)G99=.;E;HIV--G?F^;H8&
M

M[(3-5+Y14$ZR8AIH%=M89A194JMD8HSJWECCJ`HDK4]B/[!2_%!X_82JCT5
MZ+[UQ9IF2?:!)J+3O99/3JL)6QNY4F+G!63QOV\F#3-

M`%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%U2-UIZ`P``(3L``!H`````




@```8````````




M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!OKL#7+@0``$P.```9````````````````



O

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`



&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`*[SG2(!!```@!```!D`````````````````BE8``'AL+W=O


2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`@9^7*DH#``@


MF8BB!0``]QP``!D`````````````````EF


M970U.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`B564770$``!U$@``&0``````````




F)H8`P``T@@``!D`````````````````



M:&5E='

P``

2YX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`CH:LV6T&```S&P``&@````````````````)^P``

YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`KG:A
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`

M='


`
M````````````````J0\!`'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


M


O



M````9A


X`@``#@<``!D`````````````````Q!\`'AL+W=O


2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Y]:[O%D$``9









YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`BNAC::DD``#0R@``&0````````````````!%
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$:=_X.\@``#C0``!D`````````















&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$:VQ.$HP``B#H``!@`````````



M971S+W-H965T



2YX;6Q02P$
M+0`4``8`````$`WG=LXPTA``!!M@``&0````````````````FP`



M:&5E=#4V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`IG^5[OA\``!.K```9````````

M#@``
%


M-BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`JXRG`'D$``2$@``&0``````````````



T7`P```PD``!D`````


YX;6Q02P$+0`4


Q


M=#4T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!7A&&]M@H```PU```9````````````


M965T





V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#)WIUAR@D``#LM```9



2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$``A,HW()



O



 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfSharesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonvestedOptionsGrantedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonvestedOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PurchasePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyEstimateOfPossibleLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarningsLossBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DeferredTaxAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardDeferredTaxAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForPostemploymentBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LeaseContractTerminationObligationOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilitySettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_UnderstatementOfIncomeTaxBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CooperativeAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OrganizationAndBasisOfPresentationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationFinancingCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromProductsAndServicesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_AnnualIncreaseInAggregateNumberOfSharesReservedForFutureIssuanceAsPercentageTotalSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashFlowEffectCashUsedToSettleAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetRelatedDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsIndefinitelivedExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueInputsDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_FairValueMeasurementsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ClassOfWarrantOrRightAggregateExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExerciseInducementFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DerivativesNumberOfContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLossOnDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CommonStockIssuableFairValuePursuantToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_GainLossOnValuationOfCommonStockBasedOnClosingStockPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PaymentOfPaidInKindInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_GainOnSeparationAndClawbackAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_WriteOffOfAcquisitionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaidInKindInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncreaseDecreaseInGrowersPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSeniorDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashFlowNoncashInvestingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NonCashCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashFlowNoncashFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NoncashInterestExpenseAccretionAndAmortizationOfDeferredFinanceFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DebtPrePaymentPenalty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PaymentsOfDiscountOnIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LongTermDebtCurrentAndNoncurrentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'



ME8X^SNPMXQ0NCN?WZ:SZM]%U4J:343X;_=6_^#2BIV0TNJNJA_.SL^_?OY^F


I^5





ML#;^.ZM'$V/

MTIM1_8GG23&VPC9LGO4==T5Z\^'$[E_TO$5/'\O)\V6[&A].RNS^89KNDXJS






%6(7Q3`CE5A-R

MC#X23*629!?PN87OW!1R$_X*B'5T]B\V5KJ&`F82=^DZ1M0C9#PTRZ0HN4

E=0].]Z(VAI`A2H$-2\Q!1I(T+DLTAY3'A

?^&]K57?9NXL8F/=%;6B16O*)+9;6IEW7]Z';*T^=[W




%PGMRY`+O=!OQ*'*KQ[2XNI%7.3IJJS\(&)VNQK+CTZNI^DO






M



X#N
8

CN?9=


MP4M!Y







M



Z

MQUF5S&XSJ[D7)8]7
^;=YT65_7U_1MOSL/'`0*





M6Q[M74W-K&RKXX#MU
:TV5_3#:/92^*H=#\'KNNII^S@B39W35

X
M=TR^'P'@(@B%U
C#U@0'
47&'@J*?&KBF'NQX%X7;'!&#7
'XD-\S4/[D^X-







!180]D\`N@*


8OD@RU`P=03;?W:!$A:0-

MJ1JYHDX

MO7K(NI2;.J%TL[SW@WEQG


`XG3`AL.\&^0K!$47NS[H
C![=UH4H

MOO\






]K@QDN^;



M=K+/UI?N'?N
MN\SVLB0'VB?O9XO7?F$7_(J3
OL=E8_0[/\CW1R6Y\L?AGP
MG

!CQ:]:FV0:];ZJY.=;UQZ;T
'#.S\!N3@EM_RPCPJ`@F



MJE
QX-/.@@DXJY*

/3U')+J1O-!6VUJ*N=FP-

HWR=9CU2M&GG\


IL53L
MR@UE18Z#*54LJ:-],J&,B+P#D,I554?XM4-943@$QK*.#D(^`?^O`.#:
[
M9$`8U87'?


W7


M]I$?/8%]?5[G/_T3O\.\9\S..
P1J0P?=_-P6*
#@6=H6(]$[#@N297+[F?I


^87)86_[G


M
90A.#S)$M77T





&CW=ZO+
&FXX`-W?W1\'XV@(JPR
MTU4]O+JO`^MHB-4*
!J!N$H$LJ&6DZ4
-8+8X5ORUB?XL:@

P
M+J-T5ZZ0GR^+LQIF:8SI_PLLFLILC#HUSGAFP
E$C!K88Y1SE!!ED`YT..=T
O<D;.B&:(52&$LZ7JW4A<ED*SMU\6^;KS9?YU]M\?0=DS3[GR8_P

M[U
QO@XS$F(XVLY

MAG


.X@T[2'71




A
&N%B:4W^(@'=W73<G31))BV4`YI)99`3\009;0SQ6J=6^


MGD+K([SLW!^*'-I`[N=:SY\?(CM[
?X9?LMU#!40HH'NS+O_*P4_-[6_IN


MIJ*#CJQH



2(1+)4FNM&WZ!
OK.

/L8XV


COP@
D_
@Y&ZK[T0
N?94(A20X
8@KJN!&MP2E

.


CWA.^'FUNO\V7RRFV?

M(88FA)86KKW32FIZ''A
0L;44VM?V#L:\G[^3%+:&=$08_HFDIX\M#8Z%;'&
ML]:492M=$)+US:M]E0&^T_+1





M2!$IHYXI()Z+^?6(4V)1MX1F2AA$R[P







M9$E%RW'E20632PD.1:@`4J+.KT_/+D`LSL[@[T`8.P7VZ))M^WO3W=/=U?



S8`]G/ZV


-W





ISXU*E;;!Q665IXB_B
M$26=\;PC,$T\ESIM.6_\M?
79P8&KFM

M]


FY^OG]8W']:VFBI
MZ?=[:.39HOL?$E#DF30(*`LA+HX%252MLD*I4;DDN2YHJ(JBW):]X[$Y


MNM^5
L]]6^A-(B$QCRFZ]&$;D%:?
Y_ND4/FTM\($AE^)C
M4)
I1$J=(\X+`@\Z+2!`*A*=D21/I`JT/FC

MP




;./=



MU_9S:73X=WXS3%MTQ`!R2D_@*L`EVW_]#-G(ZELU7S80&03ZQ56(=+HQ/)^^


M4






M.QM_Y@O)(V%YQ^H$


MV[^VNIY$`V?
%6[/0A&AAE_A'D`\.DS;;;;=
MJ=


P=63_9=0\?!A'RJ[^8E_$EA)N#_<6IDJ$
T+PDN




@?V3
MYB906LB%@O;YXAE2MC%]!AIH2DJ$I+G94Y2\/A5B2JW6T_`93=Q2C(P.WB

27+#.4*H4L)H#0Z+0NBPD
M_');S:D9\T;D;DO&;*Q
I(_2;#9YV9W8S!A]^+RXWW:7/W^VWZOEI\_V
WZK
MUHM/U3_A5S_D^Z.)XYZ3P521@_.`ML77J*92YCE*2$%L=4:`Q3.&LE2(5+(\



DH



PF-(?]
SN#UPP2'3V=
MNEV+@MGT`R^18=7!




:?:2=PV/-A

MYZMVFU^^/JXK

^]B'ZB]

M'URWD
NLE_6G;N/JB8=?1QO7B1NW^M0*7D7CUHE;M7JUE%Y#J];L;;I]32*O


RT!EY


YZ/
/$[=7&`\`
GP$
UA`?`ZCZY&L
M:[6E#T%ZQ!YRWYKAM]7#/Q=+.
M7D(]LTNIVM:X&KU(^BD-
RSPC\!M3FBIK

&2R./]375C

MV50T

M[+?B]E:0T^

J3&(0UQ



M

M92)IAE)!

&$QD*+4B%3

$QYRG%$/


MT5Q2P)R7\+RME$D*R'
&JNRO:7`8\KNA!*)+;JE92ST!.&GY&X
MS1*C

X5AD

XSLN2-E;@



%)5I`




Y/,G)JGE&+1CG9ER:5+,OGW
MVR!%200!J0H2ZF=AZF

%`L



M\V.]/E-GW/7$ZGZA'8

M9AD
]6Q5@GVX3;-EC\50-B[4J5!S+CY+




MMB6-L\@8%


M[;
J@OE6EV@BS*R9&ML3'Y%W..Z[QX



0
MB.(\V68XC?E[*`Y:?V`HWCA[Y\I@%.N6^F03)%::I)&(.X![K
XZC%)$X
MCS`3A

&5J*O*_9D'J'%WBQAN



.1%$]^)&&7H*;<S@OQ`S3@<?O)A1K7Y]G93!;EQ


!U$'8G*;]N)AN)%

M#9@U+('Y$9RTDM#*
]`-8`Q4OG/)W-MYNB1X2.25$IMS(XTTU:%LM
QC1#

49P27042EU*OH0KN@?WDI5E_J8`,*WC#62O;Z+#
K]
I

JYA&WXO5Y*FH


MZCZ
R?K;_6KY?3;5PW+TII-WBSLXD7+32?0`FJF:IE-&UK?PN]T?@;=CR)-M
D$LQ,N9)EC

!KZ64)$+H`5T85S?3-J
R8
98O_'I




ME*

M:-`1S
=(F$Y(3+4_CQ@59Z`OP;X%84I9X2G

37?5=^V'9XZ8P)P+UWJB10IM6A22I31
M
-J3IE




MH/V5

0F)83%(.MUEIQ1F1
M-

MRI`
1.<^4B7OR&Q%A2%IIA'ZTF0FE30%J
M<?<9I41<B'@2Q2D.$**)VRS1E<O3A':8Q%GL0D_6G=920-NFV/'B3LC*:
M?[]:@CA?V6RYQW()09NVZ^BA6XD_(!-N7+&^G\RFO28W7R+3);KTH63&49G/





MT[WO(
?/4K6#WEK;'RTNJ#%
M)JM@:_'
G4;%LZIX$4UMO^TB1N#!W9/MAR9

J:.&+PU.?\O&CAW(1&5C#AV+V
M71_WE5U]]_I)^)[@A*??IL:HPMD#5:W?IM/2QNLA#3
`33M`:R\S_%B`V@-


M@F5XE30LA_7Q[0O*]A*QP]


@))0HPQ%%G
4A00^--2*T$


9H50(@@





Y!
M!!#-





M`U5ABC#-@CSC`0V#H.N:TBI_UR#M\-!&?_+.MEN;_B]6_LOCA$:Y1'$`M/$P
M#)'*@QRE



.XG
J-


\3C%-PUCE\&E=&T7-4+`G.5Z^AKV&\-HE@.ZTC3`Z(GN2
M99:^Z4[&_YKIZ1Q5
//*U\%9%T2Y







#:
M;ZOECV)58[6=MW1E^.D&(K1J)#CBA`\Y1PSX8Z%'IND`0AUBV3%M3`36]H9E



M*QU(DS77N2&_F`ITY+H;*I`&;]@5+M3-J





EW%)U8
UNR?=P8



-A[TLATXWX2`(T0(HCP?-UG&F\HRZE]FL=1354&$T`4(@T1)-6W

M_5
1Q-6


N5K_L)]63/(_D'8-Z
M@.1
J/&)88OTCOQD\KQ:Z=F.%ZVU
4Y-U-4-7%LEB9EKSGS-$
$8X7(S'E3&


M-:%J+E4TKA7E0#;1D2A_6^GO/`4!NC$Z85HH/9D)(0X858!HI-QU#!M;W=YO


@)RD%ZVG)



G7;H1LERATJKQSO=


DX*9%U6$UJC0B



[TD'$CG.H!N'&8Z2^F&
M0&GW3)=D+[O/Z&KF$CMT@UA4N9:N;19TFDB]''495H:@)79@QZF\2/6&'F

MI3
&_
ND8%PV=YX
Z';N+%E?BSN?D18V
M




K[Y


MLQ24WU)



#?*0Q*^K*
MX,H!G64O8VH!'6GQ&A\79$0RU`'UA4MU5

M9BJX--N?MY4TJ\8/2M:P8!3/K
9\K]Q)+Z[/(7;WBSBY656H+D=[%8K;V`NS





MG$APO0#V='A


M0K%$QX_?%FV%=]R?%FW]JWH]O6K;BC5EY!CQ/H:4$

M3O^G\HZ8WG050X\0O5(OK*CJ6D1D;RD\!#W8W2:=/\'?[Y*8OMP^1$7MK(RY


MW8=
MV'
Z4)?GB682E$FP*[WOH/9\NU'Q6KPHBBCG;4X]6


O-^]%Y_;^_O;=3X*T_O)&**[=W][])!!S

^$]?18^)*L@_D[(PO]0W`Q5






YD`



MQ\(4T2]TOBG&(%DN0[C.])



M=C]!`H40KNBBV*!

M]%NJS9RI


MUBNF(M5^[7KU'&3%+'T`WP^3/WZ


:$6V)45_B1%D4*<
/PYC-$$^!W%LV9L([
M0$

3H

)=CXKR
#EN\!;I*I_^(-V*7=Y.-S3[T
TCC
M0/A[%
P_)3(*5@K/IVG:MD-)=Q=SZLCWC:-]]:V-(]@@(_T32&ZUD.]B['
M


2C!EK`_O\7+($R%

MA#A\X1(M+E

C^E]96
M?1
@2N&G`
A9^I\75/6'--D\/N7

\VOMWYH(Y



Y.$[*K0S7'YQF;+CN2[UR^?5A:X42
2/;:JUV


MXR+D^2T.D5FQR`_8#\
3%3,-#)ZN:J%@D@&T8*@?7D!YIFQ,(ZU`\K,N.R
MX.3E:-9G?:F-S+:T!GE5K2MT_I4NUJSOJ5F7KA5J)/O!8U9L(/#A-I;JV?



MOM2':TEI]H9_#W8?^Y!!%



MS
5A#R)@
#&N)VQO7`?@M[):5

7^H1+M-G;MBYP:LM-/$Q8XLF
MR^!SDC(=*8)B@2VS2EG2N5B?$7HH*@?]M$50Y)2@;!XG%X_KH8CR3&I05A

MS`XQ?B-!\39TY0NAG]'




M*4EP61Y7

M:
WJA

M%0LTK(64LC


-`5MBL4Y
G_&U='

#(:F38HZ3R^]GY]\;IY=?OHR^7<&H)JS1F`?L&%17QPF`

IS$0&AG_UBQ3

!`'03D(K_\R=F'KL@1$T2U8U6/W*9G[_-;]8













M)3/;


7%9=4.'ZX*]^MH;54;M*I(VI+[


M%:\J/Q^7GNEG+:0[U-1A^]!=TUOB89CX^$$Q(]]G+@9389=W;$(O6=CV?N=
M#C)UL(/1(^LX^DYCY)S/0_!7770V[\O3N:TUD5+EA;&(5H8SD)B4IV%\[[#
`:2N=*Y7B73C[7#'IK<NB+)&]Y,IEY
M#X82I3)?3YERZLWFAOM`.@,J#[;++6<&B'\@REI




`WWI,ZI)&C!$MR]LUW!-



]#AX.UQMK`5O=F!

M%:6JD7G/._1F?)9X5
M91^!U(@L&']=!*5
0BX6#3-

#5B.1YBD=`#:)HP%@N<-8BAD



)?!)W2U3^[3#34MU02O$_^
?6K)&FJR1EC3P

L*UD
M5;S7;GK?L02@^W:Z




K-W_/;584LFF-86


C.P^GUH\V+G


M_0W+3





'XH1TO+?Z%HR

Z

FK


M!^7-H-/4$^JC/N8&SH_MRF6O\4UQ:4'B2A10-0Q$&[:-!T28C%G!ZG;OG']S


!\2






MWI0*Q*84B!R+CM5#9-&=OM;H`HO6&JT%IWBJOV1GX+L+S#.7QGFPJGE/,?

M0R%C]OA)0SLC9G+`CV)VX'LSA=A(PYM

!(RD5R@BJS
M`12'!%49`!$#T6\61[&31U&Y-Y$3!EAF`B1-ZU!L[^R@JTS!6^S9088[%


O&XEV!L$/A)7PMB2;U
MIM-.70$@U.Y)JS#XRC-V?[K0=!!TMXBMPRH\


M3?J
T+A(AD`Z#=MM_+!=*RG-2'JE@!U
E4$^D%].90&8!!ZG/P

O
-
?
L*I:U`#2L
M


='`
0&&V9!;5_




M`P
B&+/@=T77&IB1`X-

M=#N%.?@U/QH=(MP!MTRQ!3#`PD8IAF#

M`5



M8MU4A?0DTM!YP!R'1Q(78P$OTAR+
DV1@26YILC2D[Q43L7Q93TE=!!C3-(T



M(UYHX5L
I0S\XZ#[OXP

M)VW]*!M.G0..':0!UD+ZQA26@)N`&#.GQW-5L@D'&V2I!Q(-K+)./FS.B$

\



MOP'S[UC`XZ;C%:A9EDF#Y(B5%DF]#XH%P#N@+
/&8N:#JHU8`EAEHW*1&4

W2'5+I&0F;$^
M@H[T@UY.LS49-[UP#.14IAUF
P]^(K2`
.^\D$_*V`]2G-R)$]%*2/UG?D!4
M3M)`Y$V*UTC.@9I5O)YY-(8Y`3*&ZX(Y0XEF!DX\]P*07UZ\(RQ4P'PRB:@N



!=I
FOA&I#9
GQ#+!T&?@LS0JC3F$M7/8+



!U2^HU0(
HPT5[6'TN^S.M]0Z'PV



MY6N(RT$%9!@BK/A.N2I!3DU


*/?KS


M*!UQ7`*C2I]58E(&;-0T`E'#9QFJ1$C%724*845%SSA@Z)]]`KH0S2'\_!



M2
8AG8X0#VHB;3EEPW'VETX[%C+
.
60ARV=Z[PLYI=Z.-\)'3!QW%YH^_D
MJ$PO&M!=C]8UZ/.)[9ZM#96[6()!IF2%OVFEU3PM(!0!
=F6U)T`EMJ
BKU



I7UU4'?D--Z^1AL7H'.7\)]BS
M[BV/EP`;`!;P0QE9


XB7LN
MZK&^

&Q3

MG

ME3G=HN@?H\O*OKWE7MU$PP

M)UN(=RT0#!T/PBYQ)@

'[%\7$3N




ZZW_*#JXE4Y6^C2
27
MQQD$^7AU;J4ZX-^NG81\`3#'@;BG3\T\[LW.*)3)S2W9!+&IF7WE1>W:

M%




GG!:$
8KNPY&1A%Y!SL0BV23FFLPI
MTI_$Z:/$$W[^Z/SS@L1YOW-*1=FAEDCOWW:R7P1+BSP^5Q!&38N3L,T$Z
MB3*P()%$G$]JKJ467Y(0@489N?MF&+C*V39&)V._)'XM4NA_CQ7@-8%,F9RF
MI.&2G6WP-/R8#,,C'B)RZ*9Q!EDK3N4!:YE!XP0U-1]7EA/\/*HL:M413EA


X



MS2VI2*AB2]D4UHF3V?M-?MB6;E2QM1:X$F+//IE[3(5M!KQ8411'I-K4\A


6K.N/-)T.'(N



2I*RW2V





L/[E-PVMD%KN;\


MMB




M

CU=N9'-A2;6O/C$XH4\








`;C(?%BJ1YF_*5OK

QT.+V1J266K2K8&UWD2&$(



4D+R@0F$F.)TA;


8:GJ]DB&32W2


FE6X/%R6.;79'5M025$AYX5Y`-A!





M(V0K+=SIPG=_7_II5QL


MME37.E?)







MB\\9W

JT`DY!/?^&518\:
@/10





=]M=?0.6577P^BSC4

MMJOC%1G^R.*43HQA;CR++SEE
U$W4DP$XN8:G[5AI6D\9%X[IX@GS`!G8I

H:74^@PZR/=(3N$&+T28S3:'RH3!Q,#Q5D


I


M\8N($



?1T'4'*'+'/$UNGA=

8RR#WZY=$S
`50:&]7G_^_\Q@F[%J3^@<PLLFBSE`83X[_]XX











PJC53K'IE3?;79GY_51)402#Y
M<QD8'K'5P[S2/CK+Y69^]4+ZBZ_\*J8X2_RQ3S6;5NU+QWT]*?]KJ<^2`@;
M8$+8=B+S@5/^(7S-+Z@AMPF]OLI98G$6&(JL+YA[_#W)/5X@)QN+O5
F
CR=








@JN45\#W





MD#L#UTK!H96'P^4X8/X=$;N`Q9BZ0W
4PU:5R/729\3/G
A\'KOJ^][8\ZEN



M7NLZ+
B+`L2

M0?1\D
(^YND@2;P;MH('1FE&#AV+*`3`_&\L3]QH-H[[CR=OJ+B%!&K`@
=1
M

!I_7/'&H6&[\.C$]V:\N
T46/:M


;88&^C^S`9


8

I\(.`CARG6:G


-`T
$=XSYBJ79NB-LWW@NG1F-5K^!1O[




(WGCY[


MM:6
ELN50H#5C$B3



7VLE1$-@VJ'&@C12Z-)K`[
O)M5[R57P[-C2+3-9T(&-\'P-0

R-$SO-`PA0AZMO!C\8$G6KH/^#8P+P9`NB=


M+J!N'*
'(





G4@FYO'

'JT.

M
$=KPK-


MIL90+-@6HIOQ\Z-



SM&&&12#
N-

0\%-@^/X#[I



M'6&[JZFM8;=ZVY['06RV




Y[)ZWSQDCO
M7C0Z)RV]


M1[O?&G3/A_JPW;[!%W]'Y`G
D1:*_S2)0JV
MQYZ7K9ZFBD'L#%^E`.GLUOC&U&RX-&V'7A*]-'@@8AS$G

MV6+O


0
MWO9
XKP&EFX7'8F`__&I



/ZS
MIP$



M-5.Q


2LD+G862F]HI



HA@(;HU

MQ&=?XK-6^&PWAX/*X+
240!U]C!*82*9CQ0F$I_U$R9/;JI.;3!7=
C2FMUY
MR&_HEEIE?E2^?/YZWOCC_/.__@!I
\!?_OE\=OW'!T77TI:AJYT?6VFD^:3.


MWC5W.V2UJ\ZRESP&4;26B'QS:@1

M[L:1C=C;6'BE




/AT0?P)?BHT&4!*
@E*A3^./T
M5-#.&1`$8RRA2
U@*'N&U$42_
E\TPYP'7





4+9@

4/EA/W3GL$4S@.
\J;3:;:4F%H=AO5N

A++\Q_PHGOV8_
MPQ

MP/P[5-H_N[!W^+/GFO`6;2F9@=`!7[ZSR:=CYCDWW\Y[H!]HO49#[^A:XT\-




-2&HTU



M$QN9M&3BO&;0*WO=#NX



&(WZP\4

&H`Y


MF*8!Q`D&@7)OAU/EUL=%!K(8TSR$;DV4_:@6,RQ[RB-BMFTAI+
7UOCF(Y
!YIV_,!3%.C--.XO$QL!K!!D,D:^`9
M#/!+,BD-`7M,`K6](%@P2@^H_!OS.&Q



633#EMQ.0+M#3%


M3AA(%@.E(E(/\




MQ67DDA3N$G+/NFQBAW460;L+BW]D(:U=I%@^'1CU8EREP?*[;GL'R0\')I9*

*Z2N0$%4TG)M`O)


M=JF[TU=[U?0

M-PX!R^T2Y&1)+&^_/$`M(@QSTU:SF4JMNGL]L62[$/KEZP*[^OY7-2\9=J

76[WMDW7C%-8/\WTE([
MK6&SNAWK6!)Z$GHKN

$P:?CT7SNL`;UF^$!D`V7
MW3NVRXZ57Q/&DN-?2[U47M

M&J7I-


MU'YO!U&0A\VDRH+M=D?M[B+32F*[#-CNZ&JO7T$%I'I64_6CFZM`T+VNVN]7





MYW1W&/



Y!
MLK[.L-G=03'(M6MX6V
U\+L=_&A
?
842N9G00AK\(VPU''KFSWM!2O2FSTX
MV$5_:36U(DY8(W`\D?EIS4&[&$0$/
D.MQ

MA\7OM*:FU9J#;6^#!\ERM&9KWPD8+V4YS[H3W




]?3_G
MBY:XN(%_F./\5S;O6)&X+G
^@S


)^/KOS*`S.[

N;TKUEW?H/_





FB:-
Q%'
M#4LRD0T(LIO\/)L;MH]QM3WXP5!N9NWR7-1*JA)V2J)0\I622:RMDGX\=HW
MW



M+(FN7A^OK;PKV`K4)/PV:!]*Z2'50:D.2G50'FBI#DIU4*J#U8.:A%_-
@MD
E)GH*R
LO2;%
21_F(HX0;EF0B

H$2R3M[8E
1W+F]LM@(U;]:!O4
M

IPR'T:PW=!P;VU8G&($`0L#

M]WMO$ZEF

S2J(V[+@N-M7!^U!]7!<-P]V?6Z491S#2Z!6=CWRV@L-1_'0!9NQA6$=
M7*M4E5O?Z1





]==;008A#S

P-K+WB
6




.0R(:B3X

XM(00W*P@&21
L0M$)O&W`8SD^,O2PPY
M8B-2ANTC;CF7MEW3B2PZ5S`+YLV1;YFVA2'/]^&4KU?-+Y_3&*XF7C%N!?Z2
M.VQ\5F-A5T!3NOZVY`Q\@:\)(HWW10P]Y2/+46<%O(3P]$9O]E+A)]C+:.&-
M@&C&,VU


MY](5@19S:_%'KM-DF-`B0N`O




MLT$5)
)%&1_A60;1A


M-IE@E0EBCZ`U`4

MB4&EC+IX;;`)





@SKF8;/TF]




M

3@9:HW-V?M$X


=Y$D'W-$?E3^


V&=)#;WJ5*7C59LQ27[E4\;JK




DVH3S+
D
M[\DHNHV3-BU3G7I6^N5B1U3H$R'V

6FSEE/DNR\72IH%8N

B5%3LE42
MAY2MDDSV(5O+)DFO?<,-G*2K.C6*3A/@2RI/]T?[&Z3U=RU5:^^[V=73$YD
M
E
M.E@]J$GXU2RS0-9^DEF75=&22K--21SE(XX2;EB2R2'7IY5GN0I*NS+
TV
M)7&4CSA*N&%))K**HJS]5`97[5#M#BOHJ)5B4O*_THA)R0A*).ODC4U)?.?R
MQF8K4)/PJV4`3QDS#.JTEQ*J

M`^;(_F#9=_CUMU^CH'%K&/

_\\3N\I/RV_.!G
MU_1F[(1-/)_QS]?&SS/X5Q#:YLBU+N!W@
HUSIT

P\Y^;;




J;4#J#
M

M3
.A+

MA:+8\P#=JR8S'&N6':[NVG8XU_GQN6%7^_MZUP^NEX`!B)%0$3X
G\8V7L
M^1;S\:G
O/^GT5!.V*WM*D21RA_

MFKI;XZF?=@NS



OB**XD7!


UM:OM6W&4R37;R)O2U*$^J!YFRWX-^H_G_U!L5YG[



M=8B]U_VN*6

MPV_UKB7.?\Z9B65B?19&OJMXKC)W#(Q%

MU?:=VR(QNQW

2


21PU


F)-0D


MM^67KJ:&STZ

M)8AF



/0;\&L!52








MV1EP/7=5=@M%1K?L3HBHK;84(S7$;+O=W'ODDA0CM=Y5W=S2


M`UPZ:K^*[+INMH0


T3O[#L.7

MWS(\F.B'@\1PJ]

MS67W'XL[2`



M2N_:?)IV(E/WMDWNO?[!.$
.$K]MK=FI($.39_E%NHET8==;-U%;5:S[50]/
MB;QFW39Y#P['BCY(_+;ZS2H:5_(LOZB(@(R\K+4NTE5[_0IVV
WK(K^&*/2S

MG./'8&2&]IT=/ESCJ-?L9WCBP!]_A[&5WY+QV.V

M\M

M_;9^HQTKMO7IV+9NVL.^UNOI-ZU.[TP_.1LV+CHGPT:G=S%HC
Z[%XU!J]5M
/3R^QD]^?GKO\3;IY=?+K]_4/S;\3M-A?^^
M_Z@@SC\H,V;9T4SYSP6D_^='12R+GOU`0[RY?SZ^OQ[.G)N%;%R2-
U[MGX






KXM^7Q/L*\*%D4X_;6

O;-]S\45

MLH4

!CU`\7X%3YL#NB%
BV679

+ZYY]@F
A[.





(`N!R4)@6RD$

2I3_.I?EO\I-`++H5_W`7L527S4`NRSP5=9`
MQ==AHWJ^M(

M1OU!PD[K@QZZRNTUTY5[]Z;D

MZ+XZ'$JUM?Z([NIJ2ZODB:YB-
I7;`ZNC&;

M*5?


X[NMKK5U(UJ:)U

M&9^]J?AL?@_*XZQAJ+EOSPS?=AX4VS6=R!)_P3CM/UD8.DPY\;$)N3FUYXIH

4(`A8B41GTBHS3

M:J^:'5XDII\9#Z6UU78UH_++'[^;-S#KS+!*$R#1;JDMO9+D+%'^PH6T!NJ@


!3/\`:COCGJ:99_
MJ5V:*OWC''WQPQ#1801L

]







M!F?(#_

+#D




;QOKTXI^6@
%3


M775@NEV]J,X$8I`:2`VDMJW41#^+?B$W`J419$54?,Q@RZ[6PBA+&YP]R'<1
M%UE@P(-.@$X((ZQ]'#;#OE`0KQ-\=9`:2$UDJ;4O4#<JT@BQR@A!7I#%WI`.
M!':'51[_RX;1GJ-BV!2^(E)G:AIZQ@(E28!D#WFCSE:4/-SK7I4*U=?K&


M=R$BY'3



1RI++LZ%MNY9J
M*XIF:JKR3U75]
OSB\&E85N7[%Q2=0SM4CV2XNCS41Q=&IZCVK9V.1C8CFDY


DG/YS.!/U+`P:T&WM^%%4
M-MRNNM-H[*'T^!'CA&2SE$:9UCZEN7T[0%A#?^O2.X7:F9HLL2D*O
NG_P;


MTI`=[-'1/C%1?#)7#]
2:U



I3]0D.0W
M]`6HGY'\`J
T^DX[KHJ

M2#XA5+*1E#
AT9XPDY




/3O31N9;N)J-7U``+A6@JO3

6M9).61Q%+;

MXZ8]RW9

M8KZG+&5$Q[(D)@Y&_(#AFB/C5X=)ER=A5U:(HI]-ID%ZSR*_Y4S^G[;'Y?3H
MEAFETA1A4@0DOD42NHTCE(:\`@6KRH]QD%XC%IBGSZ.[F.1$EO(X3\J2%3@F
M/UC3)-$N@D(=5:E(P1QN56F_DU5\4]PK(TQ7'(Q!D3:1S?H4BF^_$OA+?
M2UD8%ICP#EE@%X5,UJPA]89(EE)-ON?[=]KI!PX('SM]`
^)\Q*1*8H9R/!
MZ(JIORS%:8ZSJ`CSC+T!2R2A'WM93&
:W'.J@4Q?5TRSE+#199.
OY:-8A+@


MJL!DPW6&:C?]XFG_$8]?=9
!X]B[
6!L8WL&C&8VQT/1-HQW/[\'(DI=0?IO

/$78BLSBE:@\*DG%URCQ1Q_IYY@


M


MDF

=ST4OQ@^`7W994=S:2%QXAS%M?NDUR
TV6T;O9;F=&

NEB;

MZ+]%R5C':)IASJR?TCED$?D@G:94(C-TZ`:#?O
Q8^8_HO@NS89VPCI^20:/
MDP-H+V&!

M$)]GRQHP6VORV_BI`0F2`
_RQ

UG28+-




2;39@]1(GKC4J\?5'^?AG=W^P?B'%&TU2[*CY`F
MKV^TQN%S)


(+268ZOII.-N&2518`54.XBJ^]P-KJ+[AL+O9C*
Z!!@I:DZ

OJT`_*O(

=S


9*2&[62%A&O!NY?X&(AU/

MWO*5B*XW)H_*_V]&^E=I[?4`6TAG;W-[[8T$MKO;C03N&VXD\(2JS;^U-[KV

0Z1%

3HKS0\;2X'8E?;A0W/!^E[(H.
LCC
M+.WTRMMTT$=394_OQ(+;`:M4'PUL+R_=SBX]88)=82E
`D(^'_G3:8(4[H2$


^J%3G$VCG/IZEXBI30Y





G6

5)+
MZ'T\EX)H_'@
-$YS[';@2ET.LPPR^YS)QGU6#H5NY@/-2HQEK+?
MJ_\U;/


TM;Y(N#+9`K
M)!Q`$*::V8-U@


-!EHO0QH4<.!ULM$CA<KCG'N)G8$*^H(SP*
MDWAZC1M




MAR_/R3@@`04#3WY^IQCK&1I;9KO;-E3%LC13
1V]K;1TIZ-T=*UM6:9M6:IZ






MLM`9+


?







@E/L1#488MKA)





(-SB_[I@@2`T



M))QQ@3\A5@#Z_0:(-(!@#4\!T@B]A4:0(P
SP(A_GDI09YPQSIY3:`I[`I!)

9@20
MHQN?*@S0?W&W9`Z!9$

!\_YP!_

MAH

X
M%C[TIA.TA2MZ]N]\GJ4VK5;742S=1&PQ5
M@S03DM1;F

MG]7?



M
&MWYF'([J9







MBP^=IZQBTY`-J^J

M8MV274-

TV5FWK5


M84W2/*O26L;&'Z7?SS]WE4_=\U\_`4-Q\


M:'=(D\`/

`)NZ$L31D(ZII'/'B1_



M.EZ
94Q`)2'U^S2DZ4

M2](%Q:BY8AI2+V9;;0$J0@FPO.^X(LD[;#B+[4M@!3Z\EV1A6G1`D9^=$M@
MX$5WACYE^0BF;ZR-CZ(!0971K2S=DH@PZ%`AC`'8($U2/`-W1V9GX!JO@\3


@0^

L'/B%[#YC8X!-
('\!S3F3D.APL:



+;``_QQG/$HOAKY&](7,H3^@3&CJ4J:-K7KW'*+7]IQQ`DU=@0].8<F
M&,M5H^POYS(2$







;W5PJ4
%\GM+W0V15.'/8/$+NV;RU6;A&

MC'36WGF$LT9NR]?`(EHAS%%^@?+23]


C#
502

K;X-#H

SU37FNL$5DZ7)V3U9(!?+;-IL
MJ#BP.;=_0DA(NC;

=6;

M\U7OXLM_\7E$X%4@5_S-\\^_%J6!:%U\^2BQV_Z9*L
_'_*;?SY*8YBX9F/I



MOJWIB_*GW4;^-*J#EPE'3SRE9H7KE[Y1+A-X[X[_/+5WZ?3GU6GGN#_V5)
MBD'^




^^U?T'H\E&N6$J(OUQ0W^-6(A`:34)\.8KSGR



N#[`W?^%/#$XGX]


M!4S@I0$-\%`!K@[S3]#'X(Y''Z3.#/L`UP&]@H%6`5`EAN#7=F6_VI_OF3?W

T(=O&`=*2@*[0R@W()0/
MXJP?D@/RAY<W6C,*^]:D)^3X`AJ[EB2BS_*$/S^_\R:3D@43\GDR3V4B-R'


`-6Z2

';?\C)S!M_S9Q1_L\JM_S+/=99Y'0:I45*80-D=
M50

()=SQ.^/\$?Z.!']-#U;-V?XX9M5XH[%OZPWY]]P
MU:[1:9^%0#1^%HT=@P[6CYK&5+OCX`!3[0YR`I]CTQVN&\++9VRF&4X8)`P2
M!O?E#-YK:$(](A[1CF^@6\+;G)H:`10(;T/*5H#=&LLMS$$=0:X@B1+TKA

M:Z7N`7JWT[4272L=+W?0]C]R`M/V;Q-WM
^CHHX0;]8B)ZC:`U73:U901X@#


&7:]31XCV*D==;Q\S$Z6)

K=N;#`;.V#+'O?X47WR/
MNA0\8!#O-$KH]H:0S;+V'2BY8&Q4C?ITT+#

KCT?O[L-'UZ2O
+T?IXTN[D+1W8W
M6E-5%K%)H[!&;$)L4CN;-`9,8@Z*(7N+B0B$/\)?H_'7!`:A[7VE2DM\X@:
MZL2^##PZ%F^!9]%F$M.Q^-&3F([%CXV@[3X6;[N3=DPI`H1!PF#C
=@(*)J'


;*W?&3I:1Q_9`\/4+;O??7&RC[Z77)_+:Z:P^1QPIL1S
M&`G(H3LAF-0O`+_P^\ACYC

=X[WY:@O*9

$-%*MU#]HQ'U#B%`:9(3Z@_
_+/0SVG(U\_VFU$-39AP%]PV977;.(`[N


MWQ`=%V7KWJNN:G:ZK:%HTZ/J


A


M

#'HX&:IF\N\+P@5?*4!4H6B_KBH']@


M:)2(28F8;POUE(A9VXD0FS-@^Z!(C$&[&7


M_6


N*[:

M4IE$0
NH3

M
F&\W
MXK:$O@=6&@W$9:F0]6^6\DWE_K6DN'4\-0;8

QB
D+5F.;X?6IX:M=JBP


'J)E7)VB91HR-85*4+0

M82V3.&&P!
7/P:F)?+Q#S!(O2D

M._Y\^6'8_ZCU/W[X[8^?E)F7
CRY_5DY_W3QX?+#)_@M8;BR&_AM?0YZUF7R





MQ-DQIXG5&R)@=E77;6'Y_Z:?OX[X?
[PSI(I
Y;=



MVMVC
[0FAN'VM$EO;&FV/1QIO8X-_XQLR[!'NF
[@ZF#1').WI]W_C)_-\S1


?D\;C*V.8[N=ONFZ`)YI5J3?2MJ9KFY9

G_^[UXQC
46=@=IVA-K2'P(R6:VD#HP-2W]$'
M/=WN]JV)^?(XAFYA+W`0`N+2U?\P/$#/7(Y\N0I;+2U@:ZA);G:_/J@0O:
5O^8\\@!<T4-]70

$!#F`1.%OO#5/!*'


OIZ=[FAD6OI$&W==(*X.@A$T<U^SA^9HU!OV




M



MAJ$8.$HY79`G^*Q0G6:EL*)E+BHY)TC+BLM4D!@:0L^B_`NCTE94LOD;IF


MZ+

!05'D4*4EWB5.SE.`B$*\7%X





M`D


-`P;\E

MNMZ
8`XQ%@CS$)[:#$(5Y6W`9




M6\-(S7-?'S^@==2-HS'4P%SRY5JYHP,&!('?8U,4*[:#Y/P
+&$UM?_`T
M`1.\(/=;N;%@WCS*K^FW(8+[TY(UIDD(?HJ`

A\0_HN@!M$






MME9`SGS1Y)$#VS)_5E+#6\+V^KJRT

M$4BP8A(1E;SZ


M)MHJO^W&]4I/!(7/K
SB^
OFCE@O2


M

MW.W;K086&E




UZFK!E'D
M5*K.I)-4


MDXO-E`






'Q



MJF=4^+(A%5P9REE[U)V=2MK/TGM?@?9DB'8=W\]JL;QJW*%=K4Y;-;QXI(.A



M
DI;Y*AO
]]7#55('-TB1YT1\^WN%E3J9FKD&3(T-




M&
N-Q442\:P(15(7]*6YP'U.

M%T7
9SS!3!T
XK^_GI$9VL'9=65]H:HM:F^=J!;%


M%SM*GXLIS\@JM9U^IL(*H_GK*C_S1/QM]WB]`95^:YUV$U36*-3Y[U)1DWD0



M]BVL\Z3\J(NO#`@3:QP#I]N9(5*C*\[X)^SUU1:2;BN+KI8)&
15YDXF)1
MP*LU:!7^4J.&3-*
#_
MRS;##&\XB-($&N$9]:2



MPX1J



MR6MD=-UGZ^*%

MS((:R%$Z2PUQB??&H%K#590NKPXO
=?AN:)LH5:'J).E_LB+^@:;\GH9;%B*
M_P:Q
.LNF:'?^ETRH^??)3-4=Z%+Z]?8T(4N*YK3A2XO;%-WHJN]T&7O[A8Y

M





M)]$E%F9C)HRT5NN9^Y';01-

NC

TLNVSP%=]%;Q9^DD?WMK
\51'KB]75;HI





Y=Y;Y_97;Q\@_:<GX(TY'?Y`#&EK?525+JDK6W78?V`$M<F\G;49\&H

1S^[;8]MBH0RB[7;#%


-9]ZSS*;=.TMD\
M3&Y7.V2CGW/DZOU16-=A;KVSO7XOL&8BCN4ESKF53JS_7
2W*X:X-K-PI\T*







'6RBE




7\$$X/7Y(ING^(3D*@:_
M0LJ3[+JB`[Y\P1


X+BOU5K_GU
U#
M*^L=_


MIS:9L49J:Y7:U;YL\CB



Y3&GQ`09/:T(&KNB;%4%]`$_X&`3GQ)O/7]3IXS*A+'E^^





MDPD\)[&`N/P3@1%+D+4

9[2Q`)/'D_9YYKC(#7`O=[\L)HIX@@6'.A18K'-


MZ)-&0D[O6A33]0DVIH=H;3R


9
M!/

E*7
M+%=_39?2@EB_][[VEHL627D59@*69XF5EZ



?B51PO$\#ZIH:3/PHBNE&KS5.B`#3PZ%FH@9YT1VS5UW829]O@
M[)`%G@%;B+H9G\_A'T7&N77*+PIS[8TF!P?M@'G*SPT:JIXT8;'C
W=(OH7)

G]'
MPP[R5_


(-#







MV.RUS^;
(0B=9+7R[C1G01BR#0H2-5ABO7\D'SX$/ZQA$$4X\3)`B4(\+5BM
M@C!.?

TPA^J!$8PJ.$


A8CB.2AI



![NG#:1=(!.N1BA$^T

QPB2Y!ISF=H0I
M%03`_GJ+C!SM(9T#K!$#.(\8_)5H61EIHNG%MH8]66L$V6XC*JD[V5#\X9)B


T
M].`=&Z(






XY%)8I9)%;6JTQ7ED



R!K5MVU5=B


YW

IZZCZE(X.#WT=1%3'41\[A`KRYB

MNS*4JCZKMMXWJ\XY:V$4XC

GYL!H5$_E

3




9AT0+

MC
J6V4.VS

M-;Z#




MP*\G(_CX!\




M@#+`;S#RIS:O]-4/Q;7BBWQ$QQ')LGBUQ`]@&5UMXL0)[`S6FWCPJ!




27_$AKH/`



MD+H

AK7.5R(Y#,(`UD%6L.%O
M_(P=
S!C\A?X!^^3W/T(]([AA
C/A7L:`[28XO7J2=R3P2?C#TKE@C%:8

.&UDG$P$@B1VI!+(`_7$$<(,&`!((TI1'H(P6\(J8;6UIILT]V:YQY<

Q(YQ((D@\C*EDD.2_P+`_(`/4G+T#&D(XH



\)7


1*B8@




M]H!\75C

MG
Q9&



MO


-;\I['/5K%#:.1`:Q2.I2%$S#%;P'Y)2PAJ\K\;`+



PMN:.:I





`'B'_%


M'6A5^=Y0`G%\`B4BW;F@B')=B7\OR;


M'9\_LS@_/SXWC-Y&]]
?A(]*AL?!F`1)

M9@\
G@GCXKX<D)QT\P


Z\!]KM@G+N#!!`[&%X!G&)
MMJK8'V`K2UTK!R_3U!?!RKD39H65$9%1^
(;@#X%=(XZ)(J+Z4T%]T/F1
V;

M



2F`FZS(0[
D?(G(P=AUSS!63L5CH),LH
M%HD94A)03@O2+9X=+)&8*ZVM_!BB#Q0YZTR@$














M?%B4TN&$0HV#S\1*8B[&IJD]!N0-]X$*YOS66H)X_ERT#D7?-@6TRO[U!]


9YGQ



&4%OK(_)9
$?I+9-;


]%@YOGC$99EE&J&_*M!(\.\F*N_@S65NP0SA9
M8S
!O8+R+(T7@*-+

&8/-8
Y]YS`.JY#LN3Y3-
L



M+[%`MFDB793SC`)#QI`PWSZ*?%17;]:'*NZ6RV47\X70-RO).Q7:&9_*3P]L


&#*
R9W?MXE6S
M4KK8FY[9[;_Z8?/OHES!&WN8WS<K/V!QYKD%=MDR,JC)A++0[FNEJ[6SB]^






D46$&1
M8/LE'BE%#OZ=@'D/^


P=!''6%4.A`T(.'%54AKEA;H=L``N



MY+K=#$9I?K=(V!(8*..-^P71!$YO@_(+4B0K]E7
F\E,1($7&M.\PCPS8N


M$@;N*F`\&9R70LLWS#

QL



M_$1E.K&S+(-AK,X+`1?6`M&I]/$:(N5;Y`_?'_\1N1QO_JA5'SOU.`M$MG

M+Z



GE/T'S+QP1?*QC6&5%J=2'C#N`N'LM`][)







TR=\H8S-PN^[^7;%?$41VRX^([
8!74G^V)KSME



M835-6R%$

MTRR&4^UP7S:;RS2&PE$1=P$S]3*M!K?1`U.&3(&59UV;UN%?SFT1/A1XE;HE

M@RRY:BYA3H91-(?TZ+Q?+.8XG?:9I*QWA?`EX




MEL4&USMZ\R!B_NW]:*)DF2(Z^?:Q^MAV;2P/N/+
-9YR3D(J0ZY996=N[I4N
<P&:\'S7JNO-/C)ESC-.5[I6@B@16X:;
L

M;
PUSW2W]SAUMK$T



&LYX@4H\.KR:A1O`





X
SL]NW_1&8UZ%YVS@75^80]/!T9O_`5?_`VA(X'S
M59M[WA+K^S]4KT*MYX9PMI[KZ''Y



?]/IZ.=(M_1./UJ?U#B:IU.<65A\8.;SC`8_YBE



MU3P

MYE&OXD^/UZO


M.3]:C6/;T
=MR+FNORWQGD;1S[SQ:YK:F'5A5ZQLSV1^8O8-?=2KFL[?*A:V
M!]R.Q[IM5&U=/!ZURJBHMV*LC(KV&A5G]XLBZJ*F(G9=N4EE\S%(YHJK^0QU
Q(UL#O318-@8<FX?ZH/;DW=ZE=MN3Z?5=6-
:DJ

M2!]57O5!J6?[P.Q0'QC-P6S=E;-/G_A6\'_GBBOM/4-%MVUE-+81LZ:EVY7?

JSS;MZ4)<=5BMJ];;:AZ4S<.]2]5W:82





E5^(_\^_=MD-?OFWGY*H
M<TW(ZN=+9T'=Q*,?YVG7NOR;<)]#1/??9^72;G`:_HM_C4YROO\&`VM_N
W&I15[/6]VX4M+?MHI73W)J<
MGGY\_W[RZ1)&!2O6(ZN(OM8<ZGG1BCBPFU]?&^+SBKAN^OF6N?$^(]A_)B=


.`XRR+WF:,@^?+P+/I6&D%5FTB+O76=^N3DHJ9U]


)SJ/#9*GS:W7%3V]G5-`N@S1Y&)4P4\U'1.&S?<*DU!MUD]A(NV'Q-IA;






3$TX*Y%M'PACF\4K&/110!QQ3$
M(LK&AV6=\I

ML4`X#8$F_8Y#?(=Z


4T!Q.+(O
MSHW^L'-NV4:G-S`FG5-XMC.U^P-SV#/Z\&]M`XJ^GQ`/AEAF

-T.`^@U@%E



0J




IC^+R6A1GT7]/9[
MR6BP+%1?'P)M_5PW53VWCW.L]G*


Z#AC7H(U*)2W0WD[%--2

JBJS*.:^N7?

M[]?9'.LC0Y4D4
48VQ4B`3VCWZLZ6:.E'*LN*#;T_D`%.MN
XIZMV_VJ*TXH



W\K?


5-RRJO?8SU'TX!9'U?!L:B
%2H%ID3D



.71I;,83M*Q?`\T$/BQ$E(N]I5X:4D@L=Q%!\('UB6

8'Q$A#
MA\')`P:'?#X[8


1G

MDK^K?:9S6!\0


W^;\P5+1@JTAN'H$JM]__[N[S

AQ*6[U'E!5
5)'(!U(B\DQN2;%@K#0N@!






M7%`:GX%0`0
(T9NQL-UQD''?.NM/[(YY9HT[O8OAL#/I#8U.KW]^/K`
V[Z8


MW

MR:U]=?]VD


MLDO2SPL4]6H.M78ROIK$L\8#W:R\2?111.

%1
?N]^
M95NW![WF4;I]G.0/=-4=5A^A8J=I*)H4



<U/^V_/

^H9

M6IN%`7$UW@I.HV+7S

09B_

:_9#'U2#2'M@RC#^-(@+_+ID;ZUTZ0L^9O3W_!;_//


M6+(XIEG']=






MJ%%L1BB:JE*?`SV29+



M(!6]M;/!L8\G+9E%L&#
O8#UBH%R*N/4#B**\TH)B/_RSNXW\+NMW+(8K]?
M?F:H;`\*[U;
8=S?'D2:=8-'
\GPD










M0?=HDM6.


MV:LZ#5\)D7WDMXRZQU
[M.[LMIV[:IM/6N6WU.9DU-J[V\0U-\^-\+C\E@UU


:VJ


39WE9^DFRH7=;MU$MYI8




!

;H
MFMG/


MXE
/&$KR_8']XZ





M@EO-LS(GD1;


:
M[5KB*B`]SY?4.):F2]I&L;+$B;[UM,3)D?5Y4NJJ562Z-&?WEBXF!/668Y

U=-H2H5'QWMS7R






MV7
*TZW#=/-\KH]+A-O`N)7=LMN

M2O2VQ)*IFR:B
L\.)(GZ57M(%7O:J_3I-;*VFCK+SPGYVTK5:#-^X2P/&V@U
M-

=TA
UQ=UBULUL9
M+IH-VJ4;)#./'DJ???Z
[5%H%:Z/!]=ECO%33``:#Q@EIQ^OKC[^^;-FK+[]

`H6
]8NR61]L;J#K4E\SP6^+KV
MQNX:Z2=\4GLS[`ZRG^$]F&I%G9C=4.^N^[!E5#70)A'`9JM5IVOQ@H94P*#?

@G%
6)P`4`(Q'$.9Q
M`.+/[P@

Y8Y%&OR%$Q:LSJN53:\$-#34@]Q2%.;P
M#8%OR#755C1D@8MKL+J]?'-WE(115^


AC=GY_
MWXG/XG3;2
;?W_C#VQ[#('*_4Q(M\'4*9

]OS&-`R@\A[_
M+_P-8\!6[I\2G1
_'A+]*23_D\MN\./??DJBSC4AJY_/8&0OB`!0'^?3`CP_


K&&O

:6^
O

M(5W`


ME^-P`?H!J`M+@BN`YQD
BZ0M2`


MMWR[
`17\K



M`M
%48PT%/A\
9SS2?G\!
TJ8T'XO1


M@97#A(F7
LJ2```T!IERBXSJ&PSLP@Z*NA

M_B1W@LMM4:0$GQN7V5O!.+ZA0%':/`R6@,?CH,3XJ`\:9)%(-9$&:
;F`

MV%`Y;'!7X+F#/6%29DJ5'A$2H\]Z(H4%A[:#0FZ.P7BN1J'J'!2NAJ_Y
0



M3L0*P;S
-Y;ZM^^%2?'E0NCODKOFBV](E@F##\W1V\?J8]NU




%TZ+ZV`6U?^-FTH4S

MF=JD*.`8'')(4H_5R\J
)^





M'2\!)KX$*QO@
4]\5P`#5D'OX&R'7T$SDPH]ICAQ+I
N&*1.H/T[R
RW++#(
MM2GIW2YS-'
\'DO+

M3003G'(9DGFCDT9+P^I\KG@*1&EUH*9QZY31^F#R5WUUZ'^)%HY;!6(U6A
M
G6U:(.G\G*=M`O$+ZT\?&PK)6NWJ42?A\%_
;(7;TX(-$2T'UCLOX&72S=-



&29QD?AO8K$1P


MM:CF@&7JEM'`FN^JFL1WBX08^J#R&J4*L_NH$Z(/^ZH11RL1.QXWL#A7W8MB
M7\HD+$QGJK





M8_BDIU??J$JUY]R'9%+-BUJ-WQ.K\AR6QY_;NGM;TELTVHHPU=-][Z0[L
W&


D]#79+LTU&YRR[V5^DQ-DH5-?3!0TJ_E&.ZK
M+))#;U





M91RU%;
RMA'T3KVVT!?9-I/MF0UQ=X'AB/B2--2^((NWDFC#_[?W]J:C;+ES`0[W7
MZSU]!<W,M3].%/?UX;#J)E@*Q?L-Y-AZKU_U,5:1N1TBM*=;#6J$5??+%9]
M%H1:1



IU^ZV?L=$'7]1&4!5V^:M!OV*A_XJ2D\
MP;^ILTTJ/2Q3E`?EN;-;/=WL#9^^!.4E:Q.3=TR[.;AN.Y)AY/O:-+MY5DO
M2:Q0S$LA^YBY6/TUL0O0EQ&0E
/`*Q!^``42]LSE9L#?60JEG8DR.[KPU$#






1QO/&0
MR3((8_9?40H
K_]B9R581G24F5CJ6B>J8CC.(BC%4:66;7I7%OTJK-?*Z@I
MXE#$H8A#$8
M%%;XW6L

MH*8XV\XY6]^JNDUA;?&K#G^MH*:(0Q&'(@Y%'(HX%'&H





%L+0RU5(%SC&#84QA&\0_HD#OJ+-;L3@AHK%^/0;K(Q%#O&T.TI
MC80XRANCV\]1LX3%8#D,W)C//%T+:83%UV%&[ZZKE0#!)\5Z&?@T[FD[(,0&
M[H$#'NF$-&8AOV97.[!H#T/COAZZJA'-7@#H84\.PDK07##7!+IMJ0`$.*5
M0*)O0B+@C@HQ!82DC0J.AX@$UM1B)X*`






/U-3[F/IQ(=R#


M[\(8VR+G





W+3O


M`Q4

M0+M=
&?!#7842[.7#!E8HD7OG%X,Z$3?#+Q1.^LPK-OE;3:_ZV'QA_8FH*
MK0JM34%K\ZRI_\4.ARB)N)@**7$6%$NH;1!
2B[MF=(MPQI53.HJQJ80K!!\

/AMKD^HNT!;FAV+$50
OFS$P%9W/J1.G852RQ$(0*-Q



MNAZAQA=LPS3T+4S1I8!**?$#5;H!4+?SH

MF-V)O[C[+*;707BWGG*OG81T#DN(`]AY3#4+_\))\%
D/\#[4P`26GD$87?!



MK+I#(WBW&WX&PM?FWR4!Y/[-7AV!U0#J4



ZGVHOM

E5M\+;CN&\JQWJK


M(7J!^J
Z0B@?I=K5





M0I1




/:$9)/'JAPSE$LIKQW/;X9R1)Z!+XF?08$?



;`B8:SCQ'P2)RX
#H
09\'H#:+CCC\P#98KXM_E.OCXEZB\'QP25A#*



MG
P@JA2EI@=D-(6,OHN'1,Q%R`_Q*'X=\7)HAC)Y?H.T4S:R'TB@_`D@?&
MCQPHHL1@D91PBSWY*UX7A5'68VX\!IR4X_!ZRX.@&DL(QL&YR-(P^']WU*
M\01
Q+&ZM]XEN8






M#/LJ:^@X

M[LA2]S^/`].FT4#SOI&:U08X*ZZU6ZXUW`9ZD[+M//X5I-E$_UUZPL8[TX


C\ZF
^90T.=/T$\[TX+
M:03HP+28
%@6TQ1%TEN6/\F33/\


M$7EO








(5^&
MSZ.
G_

0(2N!UE8B1=V[^PY5_.2R&_SXMY^2




S^-I9IV?:1F=L
M3
)Z.W6@HIG1^&6(R@U=#SD2^R1U



MNJ!XH`][#6PBWSQ-ZT^L
.#3$&S]W+X73T*YO$M54_LWU3NV4.=;-_-`'G
M(\5Q3[?&#4PTK[LJ-@W\*`X31Y10P3`$J&+7(8V4(K9WLW&@VX.CR?`[2A1;


MMFY6'H%ZOL70`&9%ED$8L_\J9G40@N[KIJ%851LQ:^KCR@L&*M=&\XUTY=IX
M#M3V:C?LQ=FQ=KE#)GMDR1^ZYM.XO?*XZM*NICX:-[!T8A


MS8VWCV=Q?!F[F_OW
$`O`J]




3S.Z[MVUNG]#





M0@X_Z;;L_8NNVZ_$ANR&8



:U=<<Y&`;2H_!-R0FH7:3W**
QK!
MQ

@F`448=TG/W:V#^7&HPFT'\

M[#U#+?VQ:

@I!&`V^FU%_:AN4E;=KJD5U-K)VNN2


MG
I.VS-#-G6[\G+LE[OT]LJUNGVY][P8V70\RQKEL4[VIL3*_80'N[O!^R





Z/`=83`V[
SH_[76LT]/^1:]_/KFXZ#VKZ
5?



M+.X@2#MP;(.OM


M6[+Y?=J77':O'B&#1^.C]^
AT'&U$$G6RQ5L6)8W(064!!PE3@DE3*+$0Y3`




H[5BYVU%Q0FVLN:U

G+%VLHF4HE?.WKJUPE;Q
.

M9U
?[SLW7OU0]K%J




;:-


W0H-\?ZX!!%H`[@DU7J;JV4


F9GO5059KR'BXVT<<6W]
XN^3D/JLAC_
MVEGYD//A='!A79QUIL/Q6:?7&QN=B6WV.J
+RYJ
1Z/S\7CZK/(AZ]4\OL_[


?/



2`]E]\YH?`=

M1G[H@P*1;0S9#?*DP+\6


S!W@.8WZ/TG401C:/3


*H2RTX*0OQ?@_^_/56#V'+FUVI!


D-^R;9S4UX'U?:=Y`'+L







GSG
0YD$2QHO-


`#F*D1

NL#CDG6[X^L[_R:!#D


14)/(&MT

M4I9_ABFG









J'K:)

M6%42\]&3@&HJT^*$VD;G

K


%2V3$VF5JD2*EM&
MD8#*EE'9

B%69
3N6
Q^QA-)&


0Z)'WD$#1R-Y(EJ.D]'

MK95HA0




MFA




M(;3TV?-9'N[$ZVVN,.[ZU9?X!AWV:??GW9(!^O1;9:)]SP^.OH=PR;.#JJ








M:(3BE4@J.I-6I2/T




?BT8R@7:6@




MC^#O820$43@%HHX0U9?LKTPHF
[%`P:+1*0;?`JA142;I`F=HD!S8

MRAY=T')^1C=


M&#+K!
8T1AF84M=CN2=PR.EW\*7*;&)?5W#&




M@

S

$.U0GO3)99UNFS\W

MN:)FZJYH]_N6J.K#GFOV#


*C'N2SH?L0(*]IM5<ASS!MN8KMAB7OR-:
R#_#56.+0V




M+F2?LK14MM_8E_MCYNZQX43^]WF&WC?MDY(9DX]@0:%HMGD3IW?&JM!CJ;
M/+^SY*]F=
_'M3US7F\JDSU-1I\E>TVM:[0^X:T-AS)_(







P](E0Q1E39;$_Y4D6;F]^=:_50W]EH8Z
MDJG*M]*%@/V/%]B_56U3
@SYUG1
:6!;DMAS^CU14_J:V--M6[35GFE;`Z5G

MMRG9PC$.
&.-$$V$9(:$$9KB


ML8]B^E3%P%8U+G_?T'_:62N7[YC;7]G7[[=-;9SPU+M])#Z8$_SN$*HJXTL]




^B@6DADFPC3%?A9@578YCDA6]4NM-D

!P;




M9$-^/XV!+-=
.=BXA/TQ&XP


MNKIH2ZXM:N80!-]05-$PAT-#Z3NJ:]&&=F6AQR32%-F\_7[3O_BD6Q4B[6.G



7NN?8SF_PD


77K@#P^'=.[ZA&9'33WDTRWUWRX=V]U+7SQ`NK2W*$P
M17]$D=\\,:1MQ+`,79&J.K1I]=7]@8?O/3(27$T^1^'T&T3O?31J&74K2AA




MOB.51AFP+[=_HF3V_^Q=66_C2))^'Z#_`^&IQE0#HHOW



IV*T(NB1+K@(K%BM\
M)%%@#1E^-!Q'57B+



MHFQ98'5'

;;::K8




M4][N2V6IN

G!@5`E#RC7$B=QY;-!VK8C=5$S&ZOU?QMHZ64
@]9)G<*KP+W2L7KS)
M9

!Z=B'(`+TT





'CQ#]B=&_3WI
UVP8C


4O%C&A&3B/C!FLC
M0/+GIF+ZPL

MO
J53:G3\J+

M:IW4$

MV[%
RS'_J2*@`3W]K\OZNEBHIZ2:ZMS-+IYF/)Z2:TXE;2JW%?JLI?XZ@#A%

M2EX/(/0PW





9UX0X[XX[%A)








AR@0P.-I&&*?.-588

JG)M
3Z
W/D1
H

M6
6T'1L8I6J*5'N0B-LX=78TDILFMQY;XC_D1D1W_4G5
(5'N?Y751*C?*




\XQ1!6P8B*
MW#J[IO`W(3


++LQ=)RPMDLH)P.%F
TC;C
\/[NT])DPN'J[_``^W!G6#??
M?\L$SS?GQP]XQ_)B&
6@TDORA]S)OOJ/?P1S%IG*)O
X^L-G7X/1_)G\_HH9
M^I-)



M76WP''8][+L0%7UI8VTUB#:$RM4Z+;E)9/I/08A'2#.AEHLLT)6ID5UG!!V!
MD_WLU
U.CD6;E&8'%$W\Y(]6E


4O3.5G_I=^SMY]SIP0?:32Y'1`0I;5)?/X!-R(P.3ZJV4Y





MB7X]]%JR8UKRPRR1SY+6.G-Z*[HM?2'H76+.OB;4.1I
4F\P]1N@-Y@ZMAYD
MODN\Z;5B2R91A7#N3:*/

Z
)QE42ZS
M3



M'=?HIA!--`7/P[\I`+


M
W23AX=4T^DFBNF26[C
840%CF7X3[A6SPG*=$D1@?[T\OJS9
`
%PDH9Q^W

MQ0\7/A
DS`HTF+PU?\%XXF


TX
O*GI%49$R
IU\P/



!T0.YZ)YY;PF3Y'P8

YC-$PSDV4/V!#/2
M`VJI*7-<<^\I]LD4#C*]^7_XBF#^1J9]_C8CJ..@77!DA*Q''X$%4YT?$6D1
M^X3T5-7*Y8ZH3BB%#Y\^;F4!4-O%LS!\




V.(+HM.[QHLJZF.ZS$.3JKN3;/*I)BF@+/V:*NE'K`@1SR



0&0N\7_8<R_)`XM^A`+_7R1]%N_0Z^1@ZN?NQZF]8<.0-AXLIJ?%!W[D8
MX6%(

M2%-[KNHVPW\.IC





MSUX8^I




PS@I0:3?A



M%

4*!*T-
5B1F









M_-4'L0FC)/M](
7;@TAG


F;B]8\&P5+(.+.@IV^QP&7P=+Q0&
XE8W4@P2P2


^V&?
]R'Z
M=T.(6CD$J
+[L0
MG3II)_BKGSS:F_V6QW?][GERMW$X/P.6DES`-T'QK!727#L!46<8HTXU@HY
M
C3(\T`


M4LP1$H_Y&F



G
?




F!!L)J-\H
PP
(E`FGL:\0#S)$CL`+MKCQ
MF,9OLP+3@X9U$GK6T'1

MTXY5JN.R

M@T(-Q\4/
I96!L[^7/VU<%L,BR2FWQ0$XPVHKMG4@;N8


.HV]0;13SKPJ


M)@/.#5[FU1F87K6NRNP&`
:D(2




M=.W/[HP0V)SF8S([VU.SF=79G5KN((!=G/-MI*4[H5]I;7C]\2M?6%*7P0WT

L\7K?0WD
M[-QP`4).(?-7Q(=/ODNK[#KB-#E7,RF,:-U1WQBAF5UR@Z(2%&+UD#O1(F

!Y%@Y7Q$ZUK1HUV.G$19P\@G:TT'O6?2=KPW/%N0*V[7E8V


VQ$F_G.#!
M]\>HTQE]+]LZ_7(DO+32ZO2=FR70YZT;GM9)\[L:1/-.R


M&+O!6)0_WN9YEKJ)1L;[#=`6WGWM=MV;/W@DJID=M-OR-?BIPNN_0-K[GD6/
MOYP
_MWR%7XZM/EXCWQEI]@T?'U_?!6GN-'7=\A7WO#U7?*5G=*&K^^0KV\J

M]T
[8$9CN!H&_R@

MC1\8[HL;VR[VJZ^9?M#IR[VHFZ[WRTK'V*B\OA7K;A^;9AY&@5TI9-1\H=








<H%19&I,&\Z+:U/;HSD\W$9C[!^\UPZY.?Z@Q7

M@K23%+?4W^Z!/-JJ\E4]+@`W6

M6C?!DHQY#IU2

HW*VPK$@CO%






_-$





8)MQVBB]!+$


MGG[V_+F``*^D+7?:?_5!9K9:73^DR;)F.7L4[@YB7`J_&7CW[S\GU//@@F

J\;5\KI?X^GB(2W.
M4MS5;*K#0M9W.:#%^$I]%RIQ\Y/Y[E

M




*7A

/T7*2+XIM





GJ)_%#]]



MQ2*2+



MEX)BNEB!`





WW4XZPW#VAI&FP

HW!O!.[J(\



MK`5'&$T+*[7VRSB?9LGS:;F7B@X*8F^__



T)!#_U$<Y&W%/[4=(



(S*%`9'J;1N:I4MYY`U/4TIVM:T?:\
MJGNA`S$=VNOG]WFYU]3?XVB^?`0#O]BG[%L6I[.A^V?J*&F1OD))#^2O$5`2



R=*-4H.-]R1LM9M$G;[)JZ57_J-!:-5[#G#HQFXI[@YY!3
M_)QV1'4R?D^SLAO[_W\Y\_UGF$?JXG?^=<X7\TQMH7KK]BBN60;CKU=E#7I

6<VAE_NW
MW@:M$-B%I;F?ORHG)^R<IY+LY])7-I@X$&:.+J:$QX8KNF%A@V_]KFMJ`I8
M(_#94%.*









M8:V`R%J^HI(L9L3`I\]GU&=]%[XV-L-Q3DXK^

`QH?


MQ87T\>DY2C*4M.70R@L;9%H3'&

[47L78&CC99!^K
M;R\=)M!O'\A


_G0.BO





M@$
JIZ@GORVT9)S8R'








G2*=BI[8(H


'`!7TCO]FL']N_






BG;:XTN72JD=9=5F4@]:#WJ8#4K

X'[[
A\+?=\J^W




M.4BB^65IT!?
K
L.C@)5YZ-AI_V:+7[$V=I

IUNIL0+:
=+20,\WVEPR%7ZG:<*OE_&[3RU5V)NM+7Q2DXV



M?URR_S
0#^T4M4.3OHKG?X5)%*TVJJQ=#WB594-H(FF^IUX
&7AE-FK]*
;



M'4/`=

CA\5CIF4+!G.\:4[
J_M=5Q;25%UMJV2QUKUI_Y5?0S
0FL


*5`J3ZF^P:X:WD1^6
:.EH#ROQ+.P6_V.BR5.2V1''N0I2
M

;LC10#?.W`@$.\[/0NA0[B%
)`
M#OB`!]_8AI&LT[B$;S
M&A)]IUHW3F'H#K4W/X
9-ZG56%/M7WD!R![N!
MGTH%HX+&'`X@Q2&`P$\0932:E=^SK?ZB[:5;Y=BEI0*Q]`6=J&*VDF&E2/`
M!H%VR5YM5C:IH9[TDH&MYAZMI-NED]5&B&V::

MBM)%




DEE.O!AVTU:2ZFDR7QMO)ZG*X:FJ3'+#



;P]J@B+$RQU
MO01$@JN7@E*HE')K@+W01BZ?@E`[&FE0X9=UPZT#PT.-#Y4BY#;[L4=^7=
M0%'L0E4OV.E4(`F''!C7P%;&=:T!=(@&#&
.KQ24\Y?-KQK.J++&
*MIWC&@EO=4=4;I4L67M4=2[
MSW<]7E\02&Y(7_2;WERKIV1S!,-X,Y38$,;2R2K7T,$Z.6RR6IWCL1%A4$MM
MZ4HN?\K
4J

L%?FLKZ*'_%SU
QPY!A#HNXP--:N9KAJQP0+S\*6LB`T98W1%7[]#G%+GN6$R51_-
MU6?9%X)XLMB+V5+H0WT0`X+!)@_]]NZ@Y

W*D8I;=.4'+WE)ZZZ
%S^4FU%LV#@/8_4;T23^
M:60]K2`@XIIG2#M(4##A$#_P]0%'D/6Q#5T?4N*IN^THT]MPE-I)4QJ*T40W

MB.%&@2A^IM@*FDJ*U3A=\Q;

M$`\.'`F)ZZA%B!

M0E*`^XU%::0(WT;P[9D+VU,0)6?1*FJK=(:S0EN(H!PZ6*]#TJE(T(6
M.I@/`M?'4JF;Y3N$M?6YJ#PI&&;*NUQOF@=;^I]S\:]A^M)S1N!#Y3?KN)T




M*J5)L+H$A9X5+J;/KSM0P(J^'P*&$=^U8=I*':@QRBC/\/72=A)B(`@
N9JU


()VL?M-I:B


M




M0S?29K^C?DD]6IP^+5^IU[I)01K_B*/D'_/1G7KT?_YVEZ8/O[]__^O7KW?S
M:/3N=O;SO?_I7[_]`71C'P0RGOOGKSW?:A[=KIE#EF\]?D\FX_CWZ/%A$H_B


ML79LM!W4SG9PY[:#;+0=U



19B


MV^+:73ZKN9/J:P7VI:)C*P$M-$JV'

MZ\O4JAS
%M_3'XN).QKI


W3)$KC)'=SBK?JK4$7:!#\
MJ'O22=)')


/E9-#;_\WF-QMKR/\]&%<]P'4TF
MZAD_1M
H&6J_V1W?Q]-XGNT(_8Q6Y


;O`XNAM.;WO[[^V_9/^8


PNUP_

M2
@*]=-OBL4$4:R)+'%+D7F]X




4-#`BW_ISDI2[I2=+L;&2JVTK_O8@?LOKDIXHH<?6A^1G_


0D!Y57$2HUJ)

W7[U_

+DE@73Y]#2BC%I.20/OO..`AC]__F
MA:'6Y'B.

/F);R*1^^CK$6ZAW$`4!$^8I_

=W
MSOKL&VSGDAYF0!4W(H650@0G[Z4=S,\#NMUIB=%`(4J:C&038O!`K38L@QX
MJL6H@7%YM=CFA9O$$7%ZC`W%1DH1DS?*ABLN'E=^6?V[OMP788?C[@%_C2O

MWU_;R3:%W8#J9RPZ%?9ELUX0=H+D-7Y+O.9`9HZK*]K`0J(JLV43*MY1(MX9


J
KTA;[&
M%'`#7?GDHQDQE:4@?#;L.J'/I^.:KK\6P`*HOD]@UBEV


#$(6$OMA\\4MQ79%XH0DOHL@(=[H



M#7\TAOLP!


M^/0]:HXY;`/'%T7O'UDX=6OK;SCG&F_&6^CUVR48EMZSWOI+Q(YB`






MN:MW#&Q]KGXVG!GK)
EF.2M;6RO;BRG;C%5C\L
42%N:FUA`9L#&W/B2-A=1





I.GS?)$4\_DET'STYE\V2Q'






<%?\26:<0726*]%$Y9

MTE@I+6W4/D@6T6ZJP[9A6/;2X$/H!C+3,]`_9I6LGA5,H@3X5G5#J)XI1,W
MH5H8BVTOB#([894#+ITQ7VU\+*[QQ$&6J7Z2MF4ZQ=1EL1V,)X'/WT9;ML5@
MD(P3.65Q\Y`C.FPQG[^(^QZ?U9K#7TF:Z:UZ*`+3!LK'XY^.HK1&O-2\K#)Z
M!L3*3VE9T5LNLON..[SUV\[$C1VO@J`1I6?V#*]A0R)TK68Z5-J\*%:3J

M@G@B0]V@M`OA*:6S'T1QR&(WE)*]T55E(3:P87Y0`QBV678!;LW$__+8ILTU
M[GL0;@8F2HQ7(8MY^


0:UD8HT


*`
JSX_5

MT;/OQM'#XW
E05(_7C0;2)4#AR\&D&DHOTFTA4ZZ9Q?X?W%TYLBD&JY2FWC`
M


LO#VJ98&%.(FQ#


KG_9@((!B_+Q-
4FY@H
MK_\/YIV^#]UWEQN^MU&4



%/7?[]2
1M)





:R26;J._[[%CA_.ASM.

M'?VV!=)R=OD3;

G:]H+(+2!.MTXTM0W$)KJ!VR?GOIF7_[<X:\DC?JN'HK`M$'^AS.%
MHRBM$B^U=ZN




MA$ZONW'IN5

-[KU)TD<R1:PNJ33
M7N&U/
HUE7O3I]+\1]4EG0ZKF`0M):/K\J'2G71<O_-0)B#




&&;'TZ^O39[/^^

M-+^:H:
[YT^4N/$N@K*CQ=4

`X&_B\C?1\&_S]C'7^5RC


+F97;KAK65U*&]3ND`:Q`6C8
M/=INH)[5P68+M3NP]P)?R.)&GO/*/X*7^\A':HG@IPX)[Y=?*CFV4
UBQJJ





M36CT&J2%8(/^?W=7UN.V#83?_0_$$&`IH#MK3;:S^DP!9IBAY(D:9]+K@2

#%)!L<+]G@

M/[_ZX;V(BA!OQS(LUFK.H*G0=\(PF85I$0G&L8:+W6N9B[Z*8\-X%KU5&AJ&




H?66(`0XA&N`_97K4MAH#&.D8$%++0*A8@


M0L)Q9RJ%*4D-3TV#3ERD.:Y/9HQ;=8D'O%!(
Z-A4V5HC+6%3(+!5;F0D[C!

M9HXG.%.E/X&+%+R`T:LH$-))Y'VRI-0=*DV-C5&AQ%-\V;W
9V226%S&L+JL

SYX8K=
'6;RL3%$#0-%T.043-&)RFNR$:5%(V

!M`5Q?1:+W-ZF[(^M8R'K&:HCI?$7=.:X@$OEP10L3#DR@(T]

KL[K`6'3W(@\E%M`FXE@:5/HL1O.\^Y_@+!'=K<%`GD/X#-,1K[`.%D
MBX(=O_(JDKP.)O4ID3BYBT3EG.$,K$J@MY!\N=1VR:MKJ@&2:!,P8);T6*`


!1'




MX!T*M98#2V

M.S]T[\6MIQEZ;Q.[0QVLH6:U

M(-


M^=H$RN^B^=5KQ#H$JH


M*3NCJ1WY?CLU%7114SLV

#$T



_66]E@F@

7OWY

M'ZU.CHZ/B_;^GDGV_NC[UV]/7[^K_

X\8A?
M*\@J:RIZ^L

M_24.7OV)-?@CC4(T0_


MGHZX\.+E=1@]QQ

!14
M:_TC#-O&A@ZHAONWKY&
&?(C&$XAYE5/YY\\2CV2W&#O$7Y
-K?(8Y\%9\FV
MC\Z95V1*;M`3M]-R#H=W/V:A-!(RP5(L,%DP=L"V';+O0#-,4VY/O]XC@

M(-*J-4+X$)$G%'
=F]
(]28BBP=$5Y?H
:E8+P


AQGCP:U6G=Y._EJ=XX(FN.A

GL)X-&4B[1'%&*`JAZNQ'0M\BU






MQCO*V%!L='3LI=-Q7KVE



MP2!JQ1ZD8P%65MC([U/UU`)SUT55L_?2HE&,P@Z-6T3#Z,,@QXC
V)
.QZ

3J`I=!+A+%YV08(CX]?
MVI1)G*/

(9\A%^8B)^0(D:I
8BACH1`*
ME-
YO\$A@M6I%B-(M\&

M25D)PP@J:\^'B/BJ

M-'I&M+!FIF2?&BG]W8!I@^5U_\




M9F04!+B(UTUI$1
89BCQ




MI(5)=`T61I;O(`7R\C?-(K+_EN8M)MPJ*-YXYBG$JK5D%LDM2I91P(Y]XB3/

MW@G

M96
\U:8L.?7^-(MGWJ*A8UN51N6P-KY06.?.1GVT8)TSR(5Q'E8[GHR8##4
M#MV:M)*3(5*&B50PM)T\US),ZY[-)#@CLWR6-QI4=9P'I-G)\S5%ALV!H+S

Y.






`





M


F.-TJ.7
JI

M5#LG*^5FSZ$T3GIBOIIFI
C-3/S5M(6^5S&_-IHZYI)P]1U



=FDVY[:V3H3KSU


M:


MPL0C[-@INQ0+XQ39('/VX

M_N=[?PF?Q;=1@

MYX+!V-SYY2/!H







F'72\3\F8I=1:W%





M)B3UPELOR8_N=A[9

RLF?
MJY!+R3XQ*N/

*W(U\G
M
/`0;2(5K3G;RD/Y+-JMSV.5[-SEILS\$S\&ZL.4'K;A&--G<A1Y)



MNY*C;0



MD%'28K\X&?G776THX'?HB*_'.%`@P+DPQXH?Q%:O_@SY$6'G#[PA]B:ZEZ3\








1E[4(!QY?<`4BEF!99MWE!5%&4!






FZ;*W

^!DW%(AY@]I8/2R2E0UD%MKG4C3`-)$QT1.


M'G=2$M/'&VY57JQSM




;G
LC6:

K#[
`J#RVB85#VB#SWL6(V380:T(N`$D4XL!+


Q=)[?B%G(K&-W#

KSG;L
ME52$IQJPUZJS`WM%+RH#K):QSB53U&Y^5FCPDGWDUX^ZFK;R=@/O83(UFHW

B81-7




MB6POU^6UA'GUM:

MP(TAWT5\:_M@AF!_G?I)2K

M-UCO!L#:?MA-@N`&^0I2V\NXOT1!&L(6JGQ[I.DZO2
]T1^-M3VDXC5VI'OZ
M0K&V;YHN(




C`Q-#`W
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54

MKYPZP#3]\NKC^P_?O?GP_LW[3P_OO__EXX^_?/CTGW3K9+U)P\4R?_7_^O\?


M-*H!O\(LC;-?7U


M#O?\\S['*Y3

9M?AC'^I*$7W299N7'.(B_+PGF(@D'4*PZ]3QRW7HJ&?0J-
M\?



U\FGU9YSNC#CSLN5E
ME#QG5W$0ILC/QX+K#SB:YO
P\Z

M[96_!D%YR'K1Z-MT]*P&@5_


M
E'-A:&=%W\'/!51R/%?[U$<

MJW6YN[[BN:_BT\CS_[KWL4R/LB])@**10!4F
`CGOEBMO!3SM63GK)SWQ
='
M#6;V2#H0UN$GB)Y259V`[S]A=QA[3Z&F*#_+0;V;`ZWGGEZ]QB*]K,U]

I/GXL[8
MDQR`2G.8/!K\)0J*%\LGS%QSV$T]F1C##@)N:4YY8K8PA?A8T0.5#1:\)-


VS19HS3?W$98A\:S$1UK


P7%



T
P@/U%]L4$SNRF



M`S4YOR$ORI=G'ME\6;XESHAOXR@)G);I8[5ZIP\W93_/,.3+I)TKJF-97)


M&

M
W
9Q]&(BY
MA9'46
ZM:1:2$9JFYMRN;_Q4*X@_#QC2;ZZ;+:IT;8.Z'&P
MZYX^O32H.;E=O)AD.0PB8?I[]3&??C'P9@%-Y&P()IK:J3WQ1H/4N:NBNCW


^:




`5C`.!]B$M2X9MY)HWJR4XQ=7B.?'Q@9!ROX2H



MPCK%LX_?$



+LV9F6

[4K+CIB`+&$-!?ET@_0RKVR@XW=3MLKHASY-D[*@03YND

!^;(
MR#
BW:#G\D]\7BMUAGWFX=^9M!#*/^W!7SO4GG?&P;3B64=!A9)=RJW6+#KL
M7+!_\^]#^G/NRJWPQFVU/:E_=W8?W/N\@5^\2KO4-'`K]NWQ.7:/#SO4G7PX
M;[2C+1'@#[H&[6&LFQQ\CQO$IW

]FQXO


(:F+2W+($T_]X+3(;Y+\GR@G+U`\\[=J=QAL
MV9+D/
?_(
NUE3R9X+0=P+!LD:JPQA%?5'B43X
8T%G,OI@YP+6&@,#8\+A6YQ^2K47C'N5Y
M9:KC@%/K:^2L)E/-\*AK+VTVRUGD/3]Z_E\GBQ2QJ%3O!^+%LEI[8=JD*.Y6
M_,2+)2I(:$=3%93GY*(U!HRO3GUJHXSH4?P#@M$0B-Z.8'T5-]5A\.5/;&3U
M(5V@X#KT'HD1)^2^N`X<S[<=\A'^(#BOXLK=35R!O1G^IPFSRAMV%E%Z#./


Q;XM_K03V)!3MTQ@[K'!\F]:6APB_C
M

OWY37_;+6

MK!%\


+D7R`2UT]@L;J;AZX(*O8#Y*RFE
MPVH)2?%#4N?BP'L12S_YAJ3)S?'U1Q[PUH)'
HT!0/!11XMP62ET

M)_'B`:4K



M5![GF$]A$CJ+];IR4O.BQN7[*IXGZ:KR%1
;3E5[@Y1_H7W!MFYB9WA-+[@W



1BX4Z]P7KS2#-UVH

M`04EZ5C[Q4WSH9

@F+`-[
06'D6MGSX9.W9/0D?^KD9*%98:PV;ZFP0)^6A
M.&.M]6L89_32X5!\L-;*-?%FX:T+\


MK-58]L

#F*-];J


ZY)I</3NYPSTZ

F
9ED.*I:Y*\F04V*C
LQ3T8*?]8



M2













M):-=A


MC7\W6
J%(N

M=9VT7:@H+O6O(?CH8!0*E






J





M/1:TW
8`_BYUM
Q+TG(=AFE^3Z\00Y)S66M7IN
&FN)V(&$#TQ2E9UNAIY@*
MTE2MYT8OZP7D3C^B6CH'Z
A!CV$%1]/UT71MK?'W:/H]FGYYIM^]&]NFE%Y8

MCMTP];'?:B`
?PQ2)%ZDHAY'HPV/2MVDVE72U)
XD*389L*=:#+;^#:]9C

M^7.T9#H.^6C)/%HRCY;



L\FX`:?#U


MFZ

M


A3
XK
HR;`@4OY4VI)87!X\
G-;@M#-9&K5G5Q
M8


MG]$0GEZI%8G;'(3V9%M!G4WMM@$4?0\H70G
TYTF4#3F-0&2LYK9U`::Q2N6


C4.51I:\J=LWIYEEC/4N[\#55W'C:[RER/:2^*5!


MKM]RX!




)]+)4PGG:72B48I!\H*+\-Q6I\,<4U'SBM
MCPFOCPFOOXV$UZ5WYU3IG7N#N\.7;S+U]=;'5PJ5;OMM);PV0?/6C?R:DWI6
MK0]HXM^,HHTE!YQNV.?\Z:9O/6?ENMW#A':D/#VF:IV:]HZJIB(8CI`TS_I
M/3_!1
=T?BH4E_5(

M-`8X)@R*0&0R*Q_.!F`]ICPR)5G`+641T,.)NS*0Q#+SS@;4Z4H`=7
;\5



M;:%]05WT977/-_





*GJHJ3P]2)[B)V/U-N+`:


M




M4I3=(6('0




RLM;J$_S

]B=AH65@MSLS[@)K)YZ38&9WY.
M9/.V+8S
BK?F[^76I%:KP


M)R^

MC:(2%YH5T7YYH70XQ716KK1



LT*P0<]7BAV6AK?S'.1H


MB6M;O\.1ITXNH)J83V%0,6^\9F(@B)];/2(/E4E+O*W/A6^L'Q2&ZMY]1-




KHO5BLOW6#)=`OC
MQ

FFP
MV&62SE%(1:B:?E0;0


M&!48W867QF&\((6^2K:!.Q#O$G02!&'%RJMXGJ2KJEH


V$;J0IY%7I;-YG]X9$OEL_2.
M'+)M&O^F\
$MWANH;975S9CU

.FB_
62]C1H3A`!$BDU08FK#3(+.
M:[S-%DT)$5'(J
A/+U$W!*^[W.;PT2O1/A&PD)CFF^$5#
:0M/[@+=2YOGE


#A6':UVJHH_B_TGPKR++*RL;$^C0T?9:


IX!K-L&DLJKU=H+4R+_7
O)W6D
23?O
M=9#?#I+:\JB+*KM/JXW*2.=T
F*IO\'J
=\R3_T5)C\7BCV\?[_&V1KYX3Q$


MCM


2
4/==
'4

8RN%-IO9S6)ME4MPY]B]0::U*7`7


MRIP+[_IC':2A'O2/#M+RDK=X*=YZ&W(BX3.J.;EFCU'MQY\9R!8%^43&F[M%



S(=\S(MT





]N#







M9SR?FX)GV&!FTA^%

M=H=\A*5I7GJGD4/N']=%%)9I$
G6C/$
+''#3$9&OQOGB,PE4H/14&#&<9OJ8K3EU\N2%46V3DE$LZVXJ-6*0Q.52

Y2LIWT:;-'DG






M$CLWJQD
]]K

M49N;

'M
0

FE:A0
9HZ!B]IC)=UF;C-C4
MOS$X+2'X5I,BE`^Z;0I)'XZ53YGNO]D&AVEQ8#1.D66=$)NE+J


!8&-E
*8@_GP`$*^U4H)LP7^P3FLP!+Z?*X0?0@5\=1AL+FLFC%
M;BHNK$)!/S#YBEWEA


8)4XH7C@ONTEYP2G&0_'`92%.

(79;HF
I(M77KIYYS

HEQ0;W9;)QY6LH



ECQ/^`/SLB



MI3VS;F
.`T=5




M

M-$`/4$#J%QQLP
))2:IIU-FRCTA*LBJ-NI(]DT5Y'^%.+2OJ
1_HT4SI_*5
M2S5%E`B+GU-&8:=\XCD
JSSH8A?P'^PUD%2$_'XJI&4N=#:)S=-IMR@YUUF

[5B5=:3MU'V@I0=GNOGSZWWGC+%W_^F`
M^GS:.53`O5(%XJS@68&E,G*9`_=Z
'EB70*N]4FJ*)RZ'VOH3Y
NHV-^`2?

MM4_'C^*^OCJ=W3$N?




MH%/T`KM#+;.I#30+SVE.8R

M









F+FJ=(C^L5@F;[YTF(&;)U3I*-@B1(HDIR?XN]
OEM8:@G-Z;

MH$MR.J


Q*JH2Y5GETEZBR5S5!X6Y)=3%.-+F[N^Y?U`

5X3$7G_'9FWH1T7
#
M?.&$F-2R%(`XL%RQ















5N:F

MX6.!#XSFW&\O@OOB




M=EJA2=HD6NJ&4'G


]E;PNGP

MSF?$
S3=






8[U#PBI8

M
28V!^H:PRI.*P


&.%:1['%!3G3U/I@^^M1S'!!]C2X1L1.3!1?7)!4
M#?)%X&Q'



M






MIOZCR*@T900Q'SJ9#8_I:Y&=NE][/E_?9IY^]@B3L(
YKE+#UL]OR7O2

-J:(8HPA_KJ#P


$E5!Y((]*N4FE
M_+3(

'-081*\W%8-0K_UP
X+H$-RVRPQ-<LYOK:OF3M0#5`^G_0#*2B2
)5BMZHKQ*YEI
M.NM?:JZI9+QKF:%WLDXP)]4R3#ZEF


MJ4.VIP]0@!W'.O&1#JXO#7C(53O6G1%!CX8
.2@B]\&;+S0?Y/:L+3BM'`UY

MF:M?@V$V[R4



MYJ$?KKU8XZ*0C6

MM6BY7@C_U`'+DLYA!I_)`I897:FXL9/WR(WI%H-Q:?OT4&
0QG6Y9\L-9)

MF=7$7+'(%6S(:A`X!

MF20HQ$^
&PL3=/X*!Q`!\\V(0R-LI9D:9E2H#V



M%(3Y5.R2S68'YXZF==M-Z\:H!TJTY-+3P#=I/N/Z-`V5L3K)A[1DEP
T&)AD




M*


M'Y*+.


MXDARUDEWH8+AT)&LK?LXK&168_C\K0.]C*1OL!UO&[[)!]ZSR!(W*QM88=CC

A1K064[60&GD-X



M5N)




L_?X9DD%PQV*S[S(

M8%?Y
W2FM:YZH\Z2`WP*





G?




05Y+YSP(EXIVQ\


U-8A%LA


M&G*3=Y7.N]PYR3W*EN'S6_1-C.O-)'9_+1M*?,$5FCP5W/='S&M*5O+!V+


58;U`^
$TR9M0]9K,Q
M=Q],,B(NV6S3W==*V\/=:K/U=U]L9G(#QIRK[*4]1#GNY(,0Q


=;&XMT6Z3XESA_2*XQZJJ6

;^*\15?$!*$[KN]AO#TWGA8-!2[YG*:.TP[4&JW


M*




K+`-BQ(=651:)B!CK5&D@X\?


\!S$:@&SZL9:
B4RS3!&TN$'L_PS@\EGZER^-L3:5


MIUZ$_XSNEPCE=$D
:UFM0[RE_+]-$ZQQYF4ID:;.RIK\Q86EKD.\I?R_0T0A
M]_




?VF7<QGR,_G\UG,<)7F4],
M;PM4ACE4&<2OXO+;HN`WY$7Y\LQ+$;GC'E(L0=YY.=+EENGY@+DG2)JOP1.E
M461&OK\3GQ5+-91XIPN1'%OT)2LUY+4\HR&H/2*DJ;O-#H6W+/`LTRJSK5.
MHV)-SS`RBA6KD4/#Z2FP*9?V(PLS



C`Q-#`W





8:PM45(;]
0\$/\`WWZ_GYIVF

6S=7V/+8Z%/2(+OYIP^
M$!IE:3
8+'5^_7Y#!'CTQDQO@^FX_YHI'R?JNK5:/Q]\%TY^YF20$-](U3


M0`%]E&!PC@(64C'8N`W4E`TV1MH@0W,F,%I5$_,/UM5?02JLSEL!\).%=1F
MQ%AXW0@

M*?*_+/CDVD

M;AK03DUJYP$5R5@I=K


M1W3L7J!('Z2#/NC5]DT#6)B^`0LJA%V/K`

98
M;B+S
#Z98L




R




M:R:7J!?W^^



M:=09LJ?JU4BTO_*K))^@TTWH$J







A470J`3=-^A=-3=[;SQ?;GWL(WPR)VQ8D+Y1W;
M!'BI-.*O]J_E+B0)BL:%5)%425&R7D,S6JLF@L%5C?IHFIB1Z@//Q?K%





M+]/!9#`
5L9

H9=
M$U*VO-#NEM65_U=6+UGY=\OT?(!(V-R*+

M;0-W523LS:[N0W8L4T!
WB9$:_$ZWL=HYT%+F4;2Z81!3-\C6\SVF]B[^=LW

MY1X[*?*J7!!T)
8_++X0=V.[FOD/Q_8W
W:++UT)LVP)NH:V?&P$QU9L2V1`

M



64SQ&GBKX%?X$\8O2E


MW[^VC'M(E5_9IC%;0Q$]5K@@NRI3E9ZMPUI(+-$TAK$ZG`8H#^@B2AA%E%&2



MN

M&C?C?!S`EOLAZ*:GM!R6*J$^HP0)6Y(&8L3*J?)JRT5OEDY:-;B0F.?M_AK

MOLD6L)`[WE9SX?0X7
%:$O')\HX


+-OF0Y!IKCB4TDG
M^0J6)9H1$-Q8XDEV9J4


ET#;D(V84\=
M#K(FLL7@A4MC@!-BK#H

MYI52#\6


:N


@9IRA9Q,+L()M7OV-,=K5[\K7N1X22P+
MGM]IM118&#:MGYIR7AT^X(CR293<8F=NMZVF4JBGY'2KM$U/:R(6JFS@T;)
M?4C5:'1M$*EZ1]#@2JTQF$B_*.ETMBC&K-0[GVMY=V7P2K\C.EO*.XTX3+[X
MDJ=*OI'57SIX
X02OLUX








XMA_V]Z:/Y'^B9C^
M$


CTJ[S1/C.2R9M9`




R(/F)EP

MQ58NA_P]D#^V'5'COA5&&P+]=$(WAD/SJ5@5B8H0S7Y:2X=',%F[,[66PI1
M:)?+H'6&LY(.CNS



%#^75

IAS8.C`O

\]FNK^9\$T80(C4T4A:Y[QD


MPX3-)UZ&NR\X#6(VI:BS*5Y9@EU
JZJEVFDLO&653Y;6016XAW;#C^*#SQC
M/K(2=TP;\%5RY%02([Q$U&3

V3I2&M$)2^N+:Z8]X)UZ

J#.85@6O:D$%VMXR
J

$O0?+G

\/T;


'Y5X`@QOG&5`J[M/R#$)82H=TRIC+*[9V
EK]A%G%`/]4QJ6:Z)
MU*0YV8N9

M`'7$7AL_
VT:_9B#.!P+!1B,4FB+I\`P.I^4B6C%@5U=%=92BD;UC%5(21=0/
M
L[+RE*Y.-;%U.]6@ZY78\I
3VHF+)P4XK`)IRZGP

M`9I/685


'L\/7NLQ;TPF!JA

A_]!3H#


I\W/;.6XDNB@&SGR]O$@(6X4GTE`FKK'O8+Q%
M)^Z





MH](F3&
8H34;$W3GO['RM]G`.7S\]1['S^CVX9!?7`JZ8;$C[L2(&:$6)6W@
MXX_MX4COMLB]=A]=AZ\X(2*XV]C5WX-(
;N44BU-N)Y.-[-:JEG*+6/K/D*%

T?-B_]Y
@^?H28W]W
M&_[=CP

F;)24


?^V&*


M.!NMU-;HW&(/D9F9Y-*FUQ2O(9`I6^X`/K`B

M3L2^IC'%B;P'3'M&TC_L




.Z-:S0]J

$//?0N:
MJ4Y54NT-E]/EFLM
%Z@0BW*YK!@
Z&3\8$/Y8QN+ANIQS4!K^=P2%-9&839S



M


G4^6&X_?&6;P

M;Y5.5]C7-.ZHN-



MZ2]4RC'`#$(Z`UL\I&[$1ZS]W1KNU)`9$^89$UKW&X.=\C4HQS:8`UJ\?5
MT)B@;TR\$TM@^H9Z9@R%P58C`
4XJKSB`&:(9]4^)7T0#C&D=8W2N:(I
2K&





I8X$+G%EAI
!GGB:F:G#T(D`R=:*&]+
M6UG]7+\1%Y3)J+LM^]#[1F:MV:[@Y[H$D5M%_*_6OH16R1M7Y8B)-&C\NW
MWB187QKBZ483R9?@/`P$VE--5&_NWJS6\R9N7YJ!/MY=7%W8'6C4%
0H)0@/

M'/.P;?*4X0\&R6V?\`['_N$ZW$;/^-[_\?$'M0GGBG:$;
?+`'PDUTA]7K3:





M=5./T_T5-V:[H'?J





M?#82!Y]44


M2GRIN\




JPV.PG8/=*C$

ZS


*`14U]+4WV9J6#X4NWBG.K7B#**^V6XKP!C27\?



WDE3[^?CP<B]!6C?5Y)E2UF4F]L




MK\NRXGNZ`J]*[;4W('O72@V-'0BR4XS90/%^O)):VIUH3Q.K`AUT\.=4/WD:


\


?XO9\T[\ZD
M]ZX8#S])4V=!.V+]-0`EJ]F@341
HU\?J$K-QZA2Y\9.AMR;#UZB[9_











MFJ[6`ZHY[]:WUGT;\/A

+R;


I





^8?C]


MIO
Q5V10%Z1C

M'BH?90T@PE'9E




MM7


32H)`\6UBH:J?<W$6TJK
MG61MD8$L)YU'WVB#*&_1&=@;=P]C`)DCW`*\#AKDV%?VI%LT\,D/8GIM&+[=
M5T=\AE!!IT`GZ*!+2XT-'-),NT(;9%=O



;
M*AIP!M(&[
\6.O


W
M

M35$-P^$P*PEB.4Y%?G

T2KE(\_A

MEWOECB'=SMA
ZM;*_R0S(4W_6O/IP\F2NEMD-Q(KR(ERC
]Y/B2;GZW.KHS%
M!$%L5Q3=#Q6%Y(7$++5VM^8\H7::H'$UL?1XH`:-%@42\CN=F599M81*KW-B
M3[
^UN-




MN0(7B*J`

M2.^_X\




#M]

JL_6UL+6&4J?K!`XW

MV97HZ1


L]?N'CCC





M]


?*D\

MTDT`]7



MSI9S20)^@;(6:DN'J-:(*YQ@R`T
^+G!?BF#KIQNCW%
4^YJDT;]`9*5$W0\

%



MQ=;K=T@2ZB!WX5OICL;2`02%32N!%X=HJ/BV;M*[JJ60IGY][A
M`63*]E-L46O]FG17


MU'R`GK%/]POMJ_VM1-[(1GVT6EA6F_[P4\X'Y3



M'T7B`.2C2.`55U4D'BW_#ND63+EUOR*Y9=5KOQ+Q\2Q@$:'U]5(C`&%=54
MWRN^.1V[U5IC


37









M_R,(5FD%`VS_.\4![


Y^/SP\XOMT71PG;




ME%*
CMETMISE


M-9ZFZV4+3?EME9DPQ*19QH\QP[P^AHV.$I4@8\CH](-M--#[:M2P4#T)@H2R

QX'?
GE0$\F#


M
B\!QR31;!L_Q'X_D8CQGD-X]X=6'+%V)C0D7^%:I@I9D/5]6AE%MDD0*D



M#'

MLE]^:;A!GJY!-DHR28.IJ


M)8I3TCC;3

R7?=
M'!)78A5`Q77`ZSQ]*RQ%]W\(&H&.
=N6S'^]^AP#%
_SKH

M5^_%9\V



M2)M**%+U9N

!HP9)C
UPR







-_&HY2A0D+Y_
M*__ZMP#'Q$=/;S?XE;A:/%NA^#($.*4:J0_VBXK-%3`O4D/=)C!$N]/I9:


MJ`D9ST'(]#&S!AG/-
3!LR

]


?PWD^Y(K=97L=TIMC_`.MM?^;
M'X0W4=(Y?S=



MEY
6D;




MB
)+A@R3`Q^L
)




MX8Q`N#7-W)D.`O`T2Q`[G'&FE

K;.@.JDQJ@
ML=O2#
LE

M8][CQR`

N-\23,KJ'B'8__PZ1CN$EI0WQ?FN!)
MZRNG7#64K]1;S8I+TW)!B$EB15V`[DTS8=$4PJ*.M5(#9GE\L^#61J5HJ=9%





MW9:W6`9PO2

Y`E!*YQF5J8!G(
M$H6KSX,E[DGSYI*)3)K3/,%45,2-UF41:W[$P5K\5R80M\]PZ@B%3G'7:YH

P0U0P




FWH_@9QU=/`=Y__$%2



MH_^/_SP&+Y3U+FA7=CBR0AVWP8&EW;_Y2?4\R\


M7AV(!N$C^]%='&S;\]?#9-GN^OLJJAB.2[HTDV4$+?26S5'L9@TB)KZZ;2)O

-<R%^24Q94TB\;BF\QTX;N



MA\KFQ(K-]ZJ#




MUGYA`2U5:ZK+])O%)I\P_./S]?W'#^@_KS__]N'V=[OC\)YZL['V'W0[[`[]
M)_G\N^@9(HI//SX-TY9-(
P?1;OOP4%(

6O;?)XWJ;Z



&)X=.4=4$^E8T`K2!=CQ'

]
MA@XEJWI!K@UF^(





MFD
8JYW=@;'Z
R`HJRF@2**;R6JYKL.
B8`$6E\;IE9M4

M?1-P;3
-0NY[U`6X\@D8N!7-*W[?V6J]:/1I1``HU'KI/[6HOPK





F%HU0KX8-\R2%F?`+:

BT5D/

/



4A'$EW&

M=:()=

:#'P=+)8+60H



Z[&;`M!


V&EFR
XE6-;

MZ_`#WN


M



Q((G
Q[)
MO4/S%.*LI'123
0YF*T





65^


R1Y^

]+!G[
YUGTPD$N

@CWY&29_*6?]ON
8HS!*B8#R
HXW1!1C==9@%E5-P$N!

1TQ^J`OS

2R8/\P1!\N=W&1X+7?12C(X%4G/IDN$X3
7NHUB`8O
=V


]9B(=HA@I2B7$(G:.&R


Z=JDIHIJ\S[WU3)HIU&2Z







M0Y0DOR`RL$0)%0#.(L
`=D(J`[SO+

MJWY/V69M@'CJ=2UR;5!='8?YQYP;&0V5SDDRY_V*$G96/7IQ88^M(7!ITTRW




$)3W

M:LX=



=`.P'_-#5']:?A`
N
M;5YC4$`W@M$Y3@!86V#N#!&.X$]0*%?CR=)^)?&.P!W_'SP\E5&_)GX60
M*:Z\:;+3T^$-W3!+8$;RA5GFJ?3
0$)I1)8%S78'P,[=D;Z*!P4=&XJ



9M
-%YRC](#Z$W^]39HW
M;
I.;+N#I




MB/_N'XY=NP0



E%&52425VW%Z?1Y6CF#H%-[6K
8@/`V4
MN[O:K&DNYP(5DMB)UN+P.50B,-@Z!I[2I$?Z/FP?+@NO9C\LM!T4%RP<NKY7
M]A`$#EC+ZK?K5I.J9?R/&._=^V1[6U$=8W8BO!M1P@WKRD30<#Z]B8S[$0H









M`A5)M4!^6Z$OWI?U'X!%`ZZ]#N?K.9B6+C4VPPQT,LN,CS!R%_=`HEB#\+S
MA)DUI2#$Q6CTD[^ES;V]C^(X^D[&I.]]\JDTEOMV*3P'2;?.DS]QW8ULR&2






M[?'T[+$WO!`%4W
0P;4=/OII:=VL0K#25ZL]#H:$2@?E\W_SXGZ-D_@!K?UL







];^.5


/+'


U$^^\=-$.+K%#^W-YYHO@PP[ZNF

X9XA'L]\S9




]0R`;3;5^\P/,&^7H)MGK44+

MHN?G(.VNA]/U&D!*=)%?;U]N6PCJ))*J'`-7)

AC+F#+A-WM:KR.5$?458QZ&0.<@#
MG_'WJX

L&(228_8;*=`-]@

M;]M&1K=*ZI/9Q:Y#)I@MNB9%$E;V
.D;JMVY`(XGP^9[ILRWBD+UH#Z!IJ+_
M'


(LI$HD(F8D(M



)BT:&.!7

ME#IYNHNCUV'=^_?_DCP[CK\%(1^N7]Y^4V#5[9^FZV%?](^U226F1K%:)O
M/4RH39P-TE0U=-?+HKY

X0X_/UJY?$C2F'S1


M.4=14^73W^7QH`ZN*=L]L]1F#'\U4YL\LR'_*SSD=#*CB1\%0M%Q\?D12;]D







MZ/:*=33+3Q%K8&//UYPF&26\68MG09[BZ?HS@-_L4:IF5Q]SB.\2X['H$_
M82RBAL%B`?ACJ
[JT3E?STN287NHBF91WBXJ&T:D951O&MW2
LQ9X_GI)HQH


MJN%%)HD-7IDLH+D-`R9-04SJ[&P'V^4U[8+L


KSEHM%A=]
7+:'`.4H28H31DWA3.N$\YF+PP


M]TKM`3$F69@;M.)F:I:(Z'#GO]'=BY_\(/Z[?SCB#T&R/43)



MIM
&1D@$5=4FE`

ME$NK






E&5U-VD9)M
M


LD7*).-
<\U40W
Y



M@?T]
@/K0HZ3H

1B?P*=DQ[GJDA=\`VPL[4Y

*JY=K\#:GX+]`C899


MDJP.'[U4

)E(A&3B0JA*)
'=8K;J)U3
M:#N[AFLFC?4DQ@*.R!3A5QN+J3@%)





M+'3Y3%/#!


M?HC.PXO3K##B$WD29T40LR`]U'.Y
(N^U/\!SN_C$N5)+S'B%W*\KR&6_!'Z

K+





MIKP

M!MHW9*ERLUG(^A3+G850#RGTJU`1(=K7=![3`.OY1S@UOFB61`M]$ET1&J


MK]0F

2P.'L-L^^/V[3XFXUI_FQ]/


M..HJ)UC+^6(@Y7

M7&9VR



34


M@BUGV`F(


M;ZP3-$K\.E')=+AY]7*F#LW'2\/M)$\6NP$

TZ




$?04Z

PAT;

&'@*2SP<.1X/0RW/T1[JI_?_3CD#R;L$*1?A)LA9]ZN&2K0!NLKFHHKY;3
M18',6J.H:O4U=IE6S0;+:.BZ7(C)FL?:M'NNOFU:Z^_,A?V`8(:Y)(_32
M\&J55\


ME4?Z7#1^WRM



(9)=D]BYLE/\.W^*GI^CL*O:;3]LSL6
M1_(%6@C48PKCC@K*32
Y*97


HHWT


MQC)



,0U3-AY$DM<A;MWX<L\M=7_W#$:-?2U]\Q2&M7C\O+8262G4ZNFK





M^&A





M!-:6





DTG:I@L5`E#
MWS)Q4#

6!TXVWM1K




P&8:D+=051?2Z6PBN260F*+$YI=`&N[!YE+M5^LC9DV!H


CI=Y'6_.16E2?Y<W8JR]\EOLBK2

LD3QNE?+&]H




M#'NI6+^H%B46JIZ!G!Y76EB8(,?GC*L:[05I%[\+!%:A0LJK-]YDQH5H





GJ$7MS@Q
MNC.3?YEWK
I92!Y382^M)_WX'4X40IU9QVLYJN5-*'+
6O
.K&[*`Y%W`&

MX?**CHQBO
7!*QDM

MVGJH3Q?Q








M;/K+*11^QMIS
H




M

ME3H:*9K:
#03C:ALQ]#8TV@5-'88#8[%T\!5PF++8V8V()





M^>WS#7]F%_N
M1:.V=BP*YYOL^6CJNH_D
U7V'



M*+@=$H(.!J!+Q!U]/X!#1).\?ZO_1K:
I2X`GCXX6JEW;_


H['V3XJB_Y7+R


6
=J^I3WISJZ)6BJC'8[)X=NTTKE`V)Z8(G]K#0.I
M-%`-KL5Z
^-!)Y_'=`4W?0V;MV[BW:-;_\\TQO`3M6K1)@)*RQ\P
$DPL?/I
M


MRN-9!9PQBZ.JE2



G(K?4-7F4BGL:UX
J*)<NG<TV/

;
M@SMMLQU`XDGX*L+QQGQ%TB\X]8.#['QU[??V%T.JQE4/X2Y6F_6R6/6@KX
=


MN!5V'VP#\5QJYXM6$\HN;52G$N:+V:0&2(3%4+1N^9=R4PN=U[?1BIIU&O


8%AUQV$+4AU.
3.+

2V*^C_QX=[O_$

M+O=(84F/5^\*(2C
6J`ERHE/BI^C!]H8W-15'[Q7\UK:7H3H\UG=XCPE^2V*

M%DKUWEIHLBOQ+TUX)2\`8T%O`F

/`'B08)+-2B:4&



&/
M+AXP./8;F08LY-^&_(LP!0_9GLX[T4#YKI+I8IWOYRHK!DR!MG
--&)JTPCY



+AYPKOC`=_N+[=;=CWV

G
M'*.KZ/DEQD\X3()7C*[#;?2

M[#O?1

YJ!\6R3#
M_;O:;



)8VN

WADDHTHK)=)`ECUC


=NYC'3X_


?!K4Q7]8-*T]7:!+&R5L^4WOXQPACNB?
;BTAY

$*G8



M$TICN@-J$VV`#*H-**X^')QQ-D

MA7\$Z=
U\?EKL#OZA[N()!`X#6+VNYP=N%







MB/Y;GP-

U?']$@RCK8K

M7MQ;
`BJ^VJK?C3$FY\/D\8\V81:Z#*H.E8=YT]BL7DVHKCLMV8S2=5;J)



SN


M%7K
6G:0)
;W67DLH2K7QV;A*6;I(4XR1#O2(6MU:!.];[L3)Q?TKDVZJ?C_


ME2%)QS*

MRV#



MX418C'_&14%KNN*ANTHH?QL$T5*5U'N?U?04R$0T*DYA


M0'.SPDQH3YEGQ

=PZH(@1G**FBFOJ5SS1O1%BUDM6%1T8:+
M`UO3SF#


M^!@S1]:B28G0.3/_9=^4)]YZ%



2^7%\
HY%VP$^8I`T8ITY5*
@:-]@89;7]J4BV$

MA:/+&/NZN^*--PC$%6:M4^UN.#,-.3:9)5DG50J0^#&3M
PE3*5[98(9FZ

M5.=H37OAY
#_$]8GF%5QSMGE71D;8H2F&5J^-=!ZE)9QBQ7



M1B2@-K.B[T1@
J':-[[9W??J:%U)BJEW%
OFIV#3M1NWPFWW5R^=V/=XI)
MPT#Y

@^+;CS-1T9U
M(P!'F0&J@+4

ZKLXTJ'B'`4I$NXT?S7








YP

K8ICG.**D#

MFW)'.)-[@7+)[%!44S;*A4.-LHT;[C4

MNWWZR7`.I8G6AI')
U`=HK
[XG/`.TY1:*D]-]-?W=:&CP%`91?(-?



MARN6TUDCTMG;4!UD/_4]%?7M]6\GP='LO9HV`L=O1T[9?@XFEO4RHM5ZOCF-



F?CG



G76=C1FT3
MG(@

M.`B38

MW6:^Z

Q@EG5Q*




%D2-0=0:\3RE
MPY

MPS`C$[`

MCOG]YRC

8Z'-OM_Q3=1LLH]4K2ZXGM;J%4M4AB1^'[;%O(QQ!H^G[(
JDOT;<N'7U(_3\W/B@N/$!_P8A']
MAZ8KS[]/%)NG3Z/]QU_TC[M2W0X?(IB^A(<7.I*_%R]6\TR#38PM\6\;Q='

M
IV6)9L@^!UP2LN5(8[93ZDP^C$QS?43C8[
^E]YX/1_)QO[]2V6N_9_ZRG&

B324I*%

FDETER?


\S+BR]$@N\XGPBJ`MM

\O_S'HZ*^J;CY-Q
MX99#L


_'9YN=


*_;6
MS\2\36*PS;RU+W;VS/LE2/[\%&-:+!G3BM66




M@W/^7L+++5N%7]U9K,\K^LYIP\U_7?Y4,(.[YR^UOD5Y76CKZ=J`/?V:V.



J!;=[]MOD\M4/R







M+B
MLZBU

Y7#;GK

M]8;/OT^I6:.!X1&6!B7=_I&M42YFI#%$-WQ/TO6_PT8D@-SV39_BIGS9O-

M;DVMG^0HNQE'9R7W*E%G59!U3&R;W/(H_U1G3HVCEF

IC$H@R@Y8WNT9NQ3*(SA



]KBU



9M/FIVX1




U1+F<Y6I:S.A5^J!W9@3DS;Q
M+P08V=_H[%Q=/T041(6&*$A0I2

MMW\FW



-_MO]E9\\?3I$WY.NVVYEKT`@@J.'\F;253G'7<8273DD\A`3%^]UI25

U:?(T[8:`(&=P2M`HMQGP(B\#K?1
YT=I
.S&#_A




S+%;UD_K8;\XR];?'JMC@!#5X

M8C-HZ-_[#P=A)8GF0Q#!SEI6/_LS/QF^?6





A'J0X.38E*


M&B!'B1QX;A0KISPGM9@J9$FLG8MLO;@@P)+_W&(]0R[1(ST'`=\=_PIX[W`F
FH
M*`G*Y*-:`^@;?'7&L=S@U8NA9I:S4P:@Z.T1S@W@ZCH+&K/%CO3K<!_%S[[*
M]F_%MX&0*E%)?3OE9LX!:7D0`=5DP\_BCV[=V+[KHQ?FE9OJ2?VU!-!U1+L




MK

M.`3IF_BN,&3ULF!JX;J7,AR,\WOCZ!R$!6$DE`=TD8
&@*85`'T(=;Y?&M




MI%'EB\=GZV)-

S2*_7#[A(L1F&1L

MF=JVI1N?PPQB^

MC0M42(0JK&7

7:5B*)[CAKH?XC)CG]3//&IJZ`J\!
M(:E'C*RG_1'ZSU&<!O_N]K2`$5H<NO_F<88LVF_[9'BEATMZ-[N/UBF[76Z
MH0HK!NA\LYGE=3!J+:+ZDAAK$^6-L@PK;[8XE0-\XLJIZ9GXGY&J-5=WE&







J'T!1+PWR3G2+?0F#8GHJ]C%DDW]5[75A</?MHI/



:=XBU

]ZR-S'5
ME$#?B18H4P/5]#@+AC+K3$95-9%GPT*J@.M-1TI^=HB7RA64.QSZ!ZKAY78;
M'R63J9IBX-E%J)ORPL!\W4T@M57&LAV4-P0U[3&B.]CD1V5H+5$Y$L1F
Q]I

MU



M#HDD%WA%K)[&FN1&@4:RAA#II:NAD+-S'8:\PCBB-/U
9SNZH:!$!QTN=1W]


M8:K0'5*5

MOC/_^4P5\@!&N/1A6IQ!)0R/\VWD#G*2(L`4:$?E^PR_]W)+;X&*WRBQS(I_



MBV0I:RGA`MU%)

JL'3
&OD_*








V&Y?82J!#(?



U=+1WS


%JF6+FM3PB$\GH^OLGF4<CM582/@2)1BXD7
ML]G*XV-QS*Y%#8T]+.'B$:23-&(.%Y.`?607,/BX--T__L./8S],;T@'S+F1
MN^Y_P9.V\<E70_4ULEB
LMOOLX%H5(2T/W7)@R:`A@D1ZL)JSRN56!8E4.E


AA&C=&ZB.T4Q
!

M;F(=%:#[
%7BC8


_=3S=R*F!1/TI*XQT^?H@3C#DC.P(


?+NPMAAXYA;JIEX*:38;0MW@^XI'=4P]

M_P]02P

M?2+F/]1X(MZ8B1B[-MO=[N@[$UJK=:]*J994]NW[Q4&1R$QT


D$
'ASF2`$XAALWOQG&*0!CEX




MW3I9;U*X6.9O_E?XOW'C=S]]CWM\?//PP\
/%)O_WYO'!&6X]6H=H
V;LSA^




M`/

MHBN4PWQS@^9)NBJI_NX-&??+PTV+_`@&JP1%\R2)LG(-Y?62?$M:OQ4.^+8K

1!EL$Y!)$1]8I#'Y./^R`%9E.A
M
7Z^!#D
@]@^9S?XC%N!KO37HUBG;H893\EYDX(E0!E\`7;HY8Y[-`ZL+!OA
MX);73`B_I[[\N

MZ(C'L/GW+8+Q`



M@K]]@\[C(/SZ&&*9'F2?DPC$'1E5^(!%=AZ+U2I(

M$0YMD86[!+V`K#P#M]_INLO88UH]3?%!#L/FW@][_WDX+XNK8S$YH?LWDZ


K(_

P:T*:TA5`3QYR`O4HP+41KI
MQ=%54A



@ZKW##CQZ?[8M@#?
@/B;3[4_:%-3!@GSR`:R3
ME(#:QTI6^X9]IK#






M7.QM*72D9N!H];.0K-#4-W+[L?%]K2#^=YQQV

M:GY\6%CTLAR
2.C_7GW.^U\


M[W+$7KAJ_PM#Y8L#X+H?H4GYN[TCL$TCW(8P
D



8]2BSBS[GF
MMR^I1.6C??
N##_H:\85/SH
WGN9?:U/USBL*6_Q+6:[!0CN`DB*0`
)^;ZU
MRO3E]S$%F*;61V-2P3])V]-0?[
LTY^!\(=%\O(V`O`MF1GREW**OG_WOB[2



2*.AV-\NK8VVK456H:GV9V\V-1
AZ``N2
AJ@_Y8L78TL]FQ
MJ/LUB;'':35I/$7WGZ[8]'W&XCC_T#)-_0(@BQ!(+K)L@*D7#IY[?NG]RD-


MCN#_4WTVNOXFS
GP[[%:]^[=F^_?;'NW_I[






S7?=.7P`(8`OA
0[









MRU



I+&!<Y=\/S6CNI2(G7:D86*Q93T=4K=
O8+:LA!(2'
SA














0F=JM_RX4WJ%@[?:G#_!

M^UU*

^\V
TQ%!GI23O&2O.Y?F*
M-T6=HX1/@@SFH/;15+KV`PB3!2I'J5^9-9[
3I\=*I8D/7P^!V'I%6N*.;4Y

9Z<*)J1ZZI.T*X./2UMV62DX7%

MHO=ZFM[A(XD
+W&MO*./'




M'=\?K;3/*W32QY4P`

XU<T'F+H5N4J_B5'GB!Z(S&KJG]PE_3I@XQFWN)BND]*#A


M?1PO6F

%!91WJSH':.$[*1.([


296

MZBU:+L]=QW52YK;
LIC-KU[#98`6X`$3.D/LBYG#N-80+GAL
*[M1D_)SN#V

=R$4M6G-LB(?L@_(!@-

MKE;.@





%.HE
MZF%S+Y`/U
%P


XII3?





MP3XI@1U@%T3J4A!/6FWM:V1'$RAKO]PZ0DL;*,:*WJRXK5W0Q?-SVUU\:/



W*4P]C32T
MCZE&?CP%KY?&G..?LXQT?0ID+VU!QP&9'UOXHY=RU!'.!85:+13*7@85]KAV





3^J$IK9J3J'II7E3#4V]5[XIS+R\E]0P8Z-S7V:Y



MI'#SE`8HBVM.&J

MGA=X^V
-ENRZ(PS*2][W0;!RSU(R0^!7BOR@?=Q0T/266+?0'*AY*XCPLN
M+@OPE)S-YS&^&YH\MQ1M$ODY+BT-$%/]N`'.&!N]_*G-(


5]
MK+PP=9@DW=1)P^)350.!2I


(B%)S^_O1OJXY@\#`$02(.8






M\#6KHAM


M5N]EB%*/D/(-@
?+G1NTP_T\B/&)!QZ7`.0#?F##SN
93A_&H$HNT


+PB


MW@DWJ

^H-%TVHQT'G=(B






MVJZ5&X0/]*)2@Z



YB5XYODJ]UNY2;Q\SG?RPG40@K









PMT'4O%6[@^B#5S'ZAWY-5L!(N\8H

MC1]TH09#J#JG'/B:1J^)IXV$FT[I]CXM3NU
GT[U5]:ED?7%#^A$8K)F@+7G
MKZ*J8RH-C?6Z]H/FMA4'[7I=Q*'++CT

M]Y

66DXL&\JY



7N!`+Z^/%B!^PR$SAI0*+O3)ZRFM?



M

M7$;Y#


MI
K+%%(NZN&D?&T*U@&

D8V#YL%;[6;SKRZI66Y=`X
7^IP$5E

LR`Y


`YZOY'(0Y)[AYAO`V
MS9(81@2;1TQ
K4M




M9;P-X'`+N]`RXWU

M!(68]_)#L_DA(.7#.A&5-%8_GUT^L??Q!JT+-\5B3S_B\(0B5'PJ74=E]36K


M[OSV\7&@MW5`2?E3)XZ94O%#6Y]QBA7U1MMO





MN+8T)[J*_'\:PA`H=AEK+_5QP:5#X\
^);U7A31X2XT_S,=-T&3$1]M_R+

7M$T$'18YZ$

`7XHS?H;+%(2Z/O



Y


MO[T5:UHEO/!
ULPF%K_+
#MUG)IY



=
O


M&61'\]G[6LI-=4W:-6;Y&KFJA:8=XXNO`:Z]+TR^!N+K8RO'@I1AP.F4VHDU




$





@_Z
UJ_#7!MWSYI`!9%_6U


+(+HLTFV!AY*E3.=%6(.!/`NM[TDW\+4
XTG



M911

Y


MF&;X.*;\3OD7VL*4X^S!XQ*L
F^NP

MQH5E_O1CY^S@L+=ZVB_8[K'';CL`JLLU__#X18?ZO3Y.O$.VWR/==PE9&_^D




[_
M.-1S$J:&O2TPRA\S[@?]6KHD

MNQ!YX$4[\OQQJN=

M3B%!N:B^0D0LCH,,87
XP-E=!2@K^9U@$+T%WD5.X3X,D#X_;W$4\QSXQ
M);R*A%=MAT!UO1@4Z6Y:.Z&\O-1D*Z3=R`6=-RA,R],LB/$&Q#NU1X[R_&9
M](RWXW

GI+#8XXZ!3F\61C8!1YW(


M628QOC@RT3[7'678G(K/!OUQ7'!['Z0Y#.$:WX)H\0C`E_8$&2LFK78-$7


O



M)T.U=G3$VI*:[6L
5K'BT^1HCWA$^XQ/45_=K1SP[VRXZE<?Q#U<;%KQ.



M9K4.8$K484'.

53_)=D6=\






46UJ!T@QM0*O/6@&D#$.)#\]P`*



^P



K8


MK*!'3B0B4


*IV=5D7



M4Q!$

M6)'


M/$BKV'E8?)6/.428M)#8M1=J&U



MAG`=\
]BKC,^P<
M6[V^QZ&4FPNJW7V0ZZ1V[-T!XQ5#C6!M1@Y,\8RZV)+&;MNHGBN(2+N^XLD

M64Y+.U3`5Q!=+(-T`8AO*

K;R?



@GXA^%A(R=UBP`^
M0
`M#+BZR?Q;HLRC.;K?&Y2`X5\CN0E1D.\RK0C!LM8SB8G?I=$(']V/ZM




M

MXI-U
=R.LI?P!E%F_$RS`0='!$?UF8H;GU9M\02+
E7.\N\?



M88RV7D3A_F6UM(-WG?_9I()?!AMF/:SG14*U)+#^\H(GZ5P`4E-DPK0+LL



MAY65@#^0%+G:3N&VM4
)I1KN@D%G\_)#3'*$'6S1!)-HA@1.SOTF%K];OADJ


HI11R33[B^R#`1Q
O


MU:0(;]MV&X=4DHB2JJKNK



M]Y!B%YF@]IN7;YZ)*[_S7T6MJ[WYNG[83/.N



M]&'L2H--0(*K;%K#,)J!Q1.DP;!?:N$0FFLD/35*%N.H66ALKP2X46*B68
MZ.3Q
JY00*$W=B5!'$M+`35674#9NTL_SD7A-FKA7_2P`8719/GG/;%.@31V



&X9?UN
MKSM2,(Y5$^#$:;1#UG\:M<BOHDG^-%:QGW*B<Y_)I&`:J\0O<O?6ZM%AN,_/
M8Y7UV4TKD16&-5Y;_%J0C57NUW\RG0)MU)(_.XUU/WWUYQ%(]W1=,%([=A7

7



`\#[8)$4N2CUR@\I









VQ









MF]

M]6R.ESEYB?


M@5O#

/CQX#$:Q0CV_







MVWRRD`@M)

O8PBQE+


2#H-B@]^?*6P





M4Z`4#`V^!]J80L?UYW@97&.*4A?_BN\1.*:82BS?OB=PFL*F;&KOE
^)+Y[G


T3EUFMJ[ILN=8H1%`A
M+V7ERR0BY9BS7)2$?4P*W&
Z59^&%O4P^4%H
!)NR93A\/%=_-Y_UANCRG?


\#H-CP_682*YZSL
Z)#_LA`9B5C!7]+=89*^;G)8JE.Y
MWOQZJU2QLU.^JJ/`D]Q9Y=\F3%T0IP8'A=1G2)0.M8


;/CU
M=2R(*NT8/369V_=(LYY@51.G?(]'ZVO-2O0IWU\=Z`E6%3P-8M9&=[2JX-AS

KZ_*($TW
M^`??@C02U$U1Z6:9/A*AB/?J$@MPE^`%Q$F511J\5A2HT*HVA!6ZF\V/!Z^R

+JS

&JLLGHZ:3N67FLPI?=Q?.`07X`88)(=&9%86/$



MG8LY_H(BDI@+GPN\.9LS=GOH/A;/&8Q@D$)N]2N-`=SPQSZCFG/\'J`@+FOZ
M5


\M^2
MHJQ-AH_0K?XG5A

EI)_3:
@;Z&-6HAJ2.^^QJRJ`68F?7*U_!$

-N2*FX/GT-)^P+N3T7JJ]A@TKP:482^%K&3FNI
M6W%OI:G4U]-2G9K7P/Y-5:
Z./KT7I;8`GMA'Z6BS

M

?*)#]TQOD42]BIX+GQ7(U




ZV/T(+
MT7/86D



MU

`^SRU!XJ-?!
M11QD61D56LIV^HR)QQD*M[NCM3/#TJ$&P3,_74V55<$(P^0X266-!X.W<1H


MB44XAF
N:3NME!VZ\7#H-M6KY$

A\=/21)]@W&
3[@;E`=H00(BJM6EQ:AH
M'-N2?


]68Z2H^[A
J6(R*L3/
5]1S.?+2*W:F]


MOY7OZ58]X

'K.\I6L?;T+N@$-_3MXZ'J5KF
%49YQU*[*M


4*2PU-)0379=:

M:*0A14VRA:.!XC-\`
5Y`^*X.-\?QE+-46@M*';VR&CJN2M`)$TZF(JW:P97
MUG&9Q]N'`WN`[1PL()+!&^L(B+_U*^=CZ;EX8LSJ.DTPML)ASPP&13SVM]

MH\X5\;J1=7/#2Y:U]N8MY]4CA0Z#H)_U_I&DL7NZ-U=9#O&E@T49+(YG)'Q+




F
\;=`U?
MP#]`D/*

\Z`N7U:@A0$
M\YQK#]8?YZ0MG+K'N^]6F&




M1O+B7G1(.X7LK:0.A%)7*R?



9;CPVW(CGJ-5F::R;PT

U+WA

MS?8[




8#_ESZ`D@)O;\700SG

M4_!::?]QG1&&`:'9#4U^L\B
F/E'EC]?62J]\_#)OBV60+OR2BZ2K+Q(

%#N[Y8MUWTH
M.8J=A\?73NZ0V7/UQQDRMR+[J-X8+H5KG?.%EK-5)#G?
]]
L=.2&GU/BM.[
M#
0PLN#W73O6NW38^D==.,&4G#+J:_)G7+0S?:W!ACZ#$/TGSTF'*5&M^-







AR_504
!Z&1-]9&!%XM5[

O+H^9X]8N0HDVU6A5WO
M?:Q^#\./3Z_$DEN8?`,8YA#4G@Z3!8(_@&B&T27ZZW3:QZ7H%/1U2E(?PK,
M\2DPYY16C@/N]0B3_-R()



5/H+USN=0+8.!^H8

9.

S\+!/B-H1H
R=-&_NG
M)`]B?R9@



8C?P*DW(.YDFUQU1MXEJ#


5I7^

L&9;D
MW2`LNJRJ5'X;@7\70;:\B(-OST'X]3[8K`YCD[C-)BMG/Y:(Y_P1A$5:N@6%


Q+$



MCIA;5$S]SV03NI.%![7



MZ3X
WG9A-G7117+F71;@*;DHTCR`


J3T#SDKQTQ%^U'KA7GJLC0P&
MT_

C:G%\`-E,09+U@
M)?C:,);O%]#]WY-?B

M(1RC`CX9
28CQE#@FHP8%((V;SJ)%\=4K_'5^3U(Z$5*DZ_.=%M2T633.P[&


MSTXF\B

L&/0[TR][)QAL$M`?YI&93W[0
(

$
ML-06DD\NP'T47ZQ)$\^W*!Z.W.6X2G'*NJ83E3K(FZ!)5N.*
?4V=:P7:Q



M]G.T')Y$?88A1DI?M)?*AOP1AL&AGP\5='M%;

M2(

MW@OO'5&/H7#P09N##T/@X#.6M(M*


M82
KWR[C=%56

M[80-:M
C()+

D+1Z\(_S$FXAB]@
ME[:=/6&Y03SG.MTM#;\6!#4MJ?OH'X!7Q.4+[42+_2&O4$D31Z;2#@+;

+N)/6



M#2D:
OES=+7*6!`B]P*?@:_-27PCS%9KC!O)^=-2+/+U7:JH2
6$E2L0X
MOH`;A+NVR3+SJ((5F3?H'F2KJHJ;PXLD`\@C(
L@W

-%D9+E


M.L_183S

CKNY+[5-(U-D%7U6



]<AD+W5&<6':#&&0/X`6@




LZ&G+KIV\










.DX$&KXO'O9
MN@-\+)MP#9-W+U8;P*1UZOE?)H#O76P)'GM1
=3A[I4V:N[#Y!U@Q[?O.@D/
M+CT`3\EV.VUSW;-9N@@0_*.Z]C$20RC:BI1=$^1-)LS.N]LGD^8PO,X;\Z
M*FQ-+(%8N+['Y(=8

=
M&

5H7H*8+!XUMM3Z
M.N$J02&F)2VWQP/
OE;A#.1O/%X$/1QQL-OOBM
AZN(F!R;%BR*'6&)6XT#0

Q@GV19$



`^J7=UD.&2`1+IB_[!XB3

1G+#
5RO\3&%:?I;@**X/K'4)E&QLYULDCC)\^I;=0%35%HW

7VJVHA\C:(U0TU?
MQO(UHM8







MO!*%DBVM-X:+?:XY#QW8'

/



MSN?1^F\?B_4Z+O\:Q.=!3%)



MQF!JR@F^/\5NC*/^/7.\E]H'IO[@LW`%\Z9F+'FW&*(%0.%P3(E*%$J4([TQ


H67<8JWPD61Y<D*

16




`OC/


MWQ)&GH


M
C`Q-#`W


M7P
G:"/-



M(DX?XH@4$L1LF^0O4LN/F+$P4OV6^EL^6:\IFX?)G_!`-L[W/`S(#+B)Y(]/


`Z%RL\@P$(D])*@34#@
MGPT%+!CMQ5EFN#W8'0_'=T-KR]G-]?HZO+N\GYP@Z8_W]S,I@[``P`XQM/
M1TL24:B@UF@J:1NDWS:'%'U5R

MW`-$HULT&M]

M^(2+FW_'


#;N


MJUKHX^';#1]N5;H)@?HA_B`4D5!?^RNY&#7&&R75D@)[VK`PY*+
$#TB0:/Y


I_%Z

M2B/HF.5P:2W?=&WRK11:D/^AC'RJ_!NDU.O%\=2`XT!'#DR(G#IY42P'R`!9
M
B@
M7HD%7L.Y!ZT\7L5J^H`4DU#!1#I
_.HN%

MJ

MF5P9^#)L2TQ;N&;X




/V=M


MAI_2$L;AZ-#P2


M3(Y..BS


M%\.KV9XO=1
21Z!V!


GD:0Q)'_ROF'+/HCN('=43#1X)E
O\RRCH$%;(Z8G?DD007




*ANNV78?G<.P)=8%$+<AETNY'B!Y38





L



7=L^&$%(!/TH@7)$-\_2(VQ

E2AQ4
MK7W+C





MUD-TU&IAB.&A



\`NE1379=LL4=

(!WLQ

MRR:Z4*+

X-:2TN]T`'2'/#F5/
MSV2O/`2^C'=#*0O8ACNNS0GQ#NB6I_OF8KJ9?ROG&^J8I%C(\_56F$J75N*E

MD\Q;.=QYJO!B(Y:++0P_&MIUYXS]#7:FI*G8.P^V=61HSTYE^[`&;N('ZU
M#Z_BN


M





\T:)XG4#^7E).L%XV.A?*#7B
MX&_=AXB(KN3


YJ.^K:.1OOMID#@'#!=%1C84FANLR

V@%45R1M8*V**D
M!67#Q6A%N:#^_Y6'4?[S@`69D#EZ5D\B2/3A1-#5.B`GR3/
/2E?H
33Q6G(

M5\SOO3D[__;L^XOS?X+$Z?


:7DEIR\V\0:%!I*+0A3NU*\K^8Q^OUQ3Z
M-_4W_


M^7?[Y*1;+KIE(0_R6_67'S5F12H@C;YM380
SOUY()^TI8%2*XAWN@@?^RKH
MDF^DUHLFV:F22__H;95TR$C



'D\N'(#WXZB-9/1N)U)RX/#/BG=ZN`
=





MHWGYUMH[RHC
N_3E0Y)'K8MU[7JA^PE
M2]


M+
\AA'$O8^(Z+
S(8RKZ(/+I;GIQC+$0

MEK(`490^_W)M2U.I:HQGO#FB%J/S-II#KPW9






6;_[W^Z.;



MI.`Z[-5.UYN].ED







M65

MD

D



IMTB
%I#/[X2H0:YE1/
M+;XRV$TL7B@OQ870V-2+3H%)C9-[(B1.CJ/%EC,G]4)2`+U291@\)/M(I&G

M4R/`G
K[C:&U)^5'[BC!W6H:5
3:75=B\!#^%PM1$V^1NV9PPJ5SDDKG)K0

M4DL:*4^5/..IAH#`NIBDU[%$AP1&$EYL35.1TQ$H93V7&?AM3F46_N:]AJ


30P-S
Q+GAM

)
MCB8``
QD`@`5`!@```````$```D@3N8`@!D;6YD+3(P,30P-S,Q7V-A;YX


#$T

5]D968N

30P-S
Q7W!R

M)OX)('D@``7@0$`$0`8```````!````I(&3GP0`9&UN9TR
#$T

2YX

#````
`
end








begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X
M86%B-C`R-S



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T
M.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S
M-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O




M1E]#05




\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

\










;VYG5&5R;5]/8FP\+W@Z3F%M








M/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@




M971S+U-H965T




M968]



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


M=')U;65N='-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='
#I.86UE/D5A<FYI;F=S7U!E





T0B5V]R:W-H965T




O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

T0B5V]R:W-H965T









O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M=6%R=&5R;'E?1FEN86YC:6%L7TEN9F]R;6%T:6\Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@







O4VAE
M970T

#I.86UE/D5F9F5C=%]O9E]2979I<VEO




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O



&-E;%=O<FMS

























&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F]T97-?4&%Y
M86)L95]A;F1?3&]N9U]497)M7T]B/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^06YN=6%L7TUA





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V-H961U
M;&5?;V9?26YV96YT;W)I97-?1&5T86EL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4')O














&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX



T0B5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='






M96YT7U!R;V9I=&%B:6QI='E?1&5T86EL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1V5O







#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(







#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970Y


O4VAE970Y




O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
























M(B\^#0H@(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A
M8C8P

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


C(L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@


]




T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]



]
T1T
M97AT/DIU;`S,2P-@D)





T1T;W`^



]

]





]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG+2TP-RTS




]
T1T97AT



]


M
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]


]

@




]
T1T




S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#4P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97

]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(S
2PQ




]
T1N=6UP/C$S


S(L

]
T1N=6UP/C0P
2PQ



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
Y










]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L



]
T1T97AT






]



M:71I97



]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&]B;&EG871I;VYS+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C8S-RPS



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q-2PY


#






]




]


]


M=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@)#`N

M9#H@
3`P+#`P

BPW-C8L

Q+#
X

M



]


S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PP
3DI/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/C

]


T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W
@*&%C8W5M=6QA
M=&5D(&1E9FEC:70I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
M
C(L





T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


3DR+#@S-#QS

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T
M7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!
M5$5$($)!3$%.0T4@4TA%1513(A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H55-$(0I/&)R

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T









]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P




M9VX]

]







#`L
#`P

M
3`P+#`P


]





]



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C
Y

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T
M-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M='`M97%U:78]

]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N

T0R/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,30\8G(^/]T

]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#8T
M+#`Q

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3@Q+#0Q.#QS






]


]


M
C`U+#4R

]
T1N=6UP/C$W.2PW
C$\



]





]
T1F;CX\+W1D










]
T1T


2PS




]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#DS
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#
V





]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]

]

]



]

]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#(W+#

]
T1F


]



]





]


]






]



]

34Y+#DQ

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@V
M+#




]


M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8N
S



]


]


]

]


M

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


C8L
#
S/'-P




]








M=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S






@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]


S$L(#(P
3

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]


]




]
T1F

34Y+#DQ
2D\


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]






]


3$L


M86YG92!I;B!P96YS:6]N(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]S=')O


]

]
T1R



]



]
T1N=6T^*#
L


97-S.B!A;6]R

@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;F5T


]







]





]


]


]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


M

]



T1T;W`^




M;3XH
3




]




]

M86QI9VX]

M(&)E;F5F:70@;V8@)#`N



C`Q

M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-


C`Q
M
RP@86YD(#(P

T1T;W`^6S-=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

C`Q



#$R

M+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@0T]-
M4%)%2$5.4TE612!)3D-/344@*$Q/4U

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q


]

]
T1T




C`P+#`P






T1T;W`^1V%I;G
@86YD





M87)T7S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
PT*0V]N





]

M


M140@4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]


]


]

@:7-S=65D('5P





]



]
T1T


]


]
T1R



]



]
T1P

]





]
T1N=6UP/CDL


]




]



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




T1T;W`^



]
T1N=6T^

M86QI9VX]


2PY.#

]
T1T97AT


M;3XH
2PY.#



]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-BPS


]



S



]

]


]






M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]


3$L



]


]
T1T




]


3`P+#`R


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6PN(#

]
T1N=6UP/C

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M



]


]







3(U+#(S


]





]







]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
C


]










]






]
T1T97AT




]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L

]
M




]



]






\+W1D

34Y+#DQ

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

M:6]N(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^



]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#0Q/'-P






]





]




I(&EN8V]M93PO


]



^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L




]


]



]


@:7-S=65D



RPP


BPX






]


M




]



]





]



]



]







]
T1N=6T^*#4S
M+#4Y

]
M















]




]

]


]

]






]



]
T1R;SX-





]






M/B@R+#0Y

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

BPT



C(L


]


C(L
3$V/'-P







]




I(&EN

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#4L


]






]


L




3(L-#$X


]



]


]
T1T


2PS.#`L-S4X






M


M





M:71I97
&5R8VES92!I;B!T:&4@=&AI


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?
M-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W

#@N:'1M










#$T/&)R/D]A:W1R964\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q.2P@


M1'1H/D9E8BX@
C$L(#(P

:71I9V%T:6]N/&)R

S$L(#(P
30\

:71I9V%T:6]N/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R






C`L



]


Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
M



]
T1R97!O




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#



M05-(($9
3U=3($923TT@3U!%4D%424Y'($%#5$E6251)15




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M

38T


M;G5M/B0@*#$U.2PY






]
M






S



]






M9VX]


]
T1T97AT



RPQ-S
I/'-P86X^


]



]



]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='




]






]


]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


#




M

M97

]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/E1R861E(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C4L

3
L


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
L


M

M;3XH
3(L
S


]






]
T1N=6UP/C4L-C(W/'-P

BPX
M

M/B@Y+#

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$Y+#
T
RD\

M




]
T1N=6T^*#(W+#8R

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T,BPY.#0I/'-P86X^/]S



M;G5M/B@X+#$R


]
M
T1N=6T^*#$P





]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

3DL

]
T1N=6T^*#0T+#DV






T1T;W`^
M4')O8V5E9'


]









M9SY#05-(($9
3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]








]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
3
L-C




]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@3F]T97




]

\+W1D





M


]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C
P

M

M;3XH
2PQ-3


]

]



]


]
T1N=6T^*#


]







]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3$R/'-P


M+#


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C8R

]
M



]
T1T






]




M





]



]




T1T;W`^1&5B

]
M
T1N=6T^*#


]






M05-(($9
3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]


M9W


]


M8W5R960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]




]
T1N=6T^*#(X+#
P


]





]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A
M7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



S$L(#(P





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXH



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9'5C='

M(&YU='
N($EN(#(P


T0G1D].

M93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R96QA


M3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R96QA=&EV93L@0D]45$]-.B`P


T0G

M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F%S96QI;F4[(%!/4TE424]..B!R





M8V@@
C`Q
P@1&EA;6]N9!A8W%U:7)E9!+971T;&4@1F]O9',L(&$-B!L


M=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,@86YD('1H92!5;FET960@2VEN9V1O;2P-B!W



L(&%S
M('=E;&P@87


M075G=7-T)B-X03`[

S$N($1I86UO;F0@

M
S$L(#(P
3(L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

#$S)B-X
C`Q1#L@86YD



M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97


<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M



M(&%T($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@82`D
RXS#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!U


4
[4T5#)B-X
C`Q

@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9PT*($)U;&QE=&EN($YO+B8C

M+#PO:3X@9'5E('1O('1H92!I;6UA=&5R:6%L(&YA='5R92!O9B!T:&ES#0H@
M97)R;W(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E=FES960@=&AE(#(P
3

M=&5D(&9I;F%N8VEA;`T*('-T871E;65N='

7!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



#LS
2P@
C`Q


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

3$%0

T0P

T0U
M.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]

M

#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D%S
M)B-X03`[4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L



3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/D%S#0H@4F5V:7-E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE
M($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9FET*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3(L
M.34W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M86QI9VX]


L



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T1B




T0R/B@Q-C
L
C


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!





M;&4]





T0C0T-%
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

S
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





F4],T0R/B@W+C0X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].




XQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O






T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M


M
T0U.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/DIU;'DF(WA!
#LS


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H
F4],T0Q/CQB
M/D%S#0H@4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPR-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]





T1B;W1T


M1#(^*#$V


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#
R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C0L


3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#`P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E


T0R/E1O=&%L('-T;V-K:&]L



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C$V.2PY-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$W
BPS
34\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T

M

T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C$L

Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M



@



05!3


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\(2TM
M($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



$$P.S
Q+`T*(#(P
3
\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




F
M(WA!





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M1#$^/&(^07







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38S
M+#(S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS+#
R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#
R
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT-PR-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^


M;&4]


#$Y.W

#$S(&ES(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W




M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\(2TM($)E
M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


3`@86QI9VX]
M





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]





M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

T1B;W1T


65M.R!415A4+4E.


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#,R
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@Q-3DL.3$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG



I
M.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&4]


T1B




T0R/B@U+#@P-CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C
U


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/C
L

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXH,34Y+#DT.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^/]T86)L93X-B`\






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M;&]S960@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T96UE


M1TE.+51/4#H@



M96YU92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!A;F0@86-C;W5N='

L(&EN

M='



@;V8@=VAI8V@@9F]R
M;2!T:&4@8F%S:7

M;&EA8FEL:71I97



T0R/CQB/CQI

@86YD#0H@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G




M(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG97
@:6X@8W5S=&]M97(@8G5Y:6YG(&)E:&%V


38E(&%N9`Q.4@;V8@;F5T('-A;&5S(&EN




C`Q-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0-B`R

M



@86YD('1R86YS86-T

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@





@:7
@=&AE#0H@




@





M=7)C:&%S92!O9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:'

PT*(&UI;&QI

M;F-E+`D,RXY(&UI;&QI;VX-B!W87



#L@34%21TE.+51/
F4],T0R/D%L;!I;G9E







M;`T*('EE87(N(%1H:7


M;F1I=&EO;G



M871E;65N='

M96YT;'D@8VAA;F=E(&1U92!T;PT*(&-H86YG97

@














M34%21TE.+51/4#H@




T0R/DEN

M:6YG(&9E97
















F4]
T0R



M(')E=FEE=W



40[
M*2`S-C`L#0H@)B-X


M=&@@05-#(#
U

30[


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

M8V%N=`T*(&IU9&=M96YT('1H870@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT(&]N(&EN=&5R;F%L





N($-H86YG97








L(&EN8W)E87-E9`T*(&-O;7!E=&ET:6]N





M(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY&;W(@87-S971S('1O#0H@8F4@:&5L9!A;F0@


M=F5N='









T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@=&5S='
@:71S


@9F]R(&EM


@9G)O
M;2!T:&4@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97








#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


S!T



@:6YD:6-A=&5D(&EF('1H92!B;V]K('9A;'5E(&]F('1H


@









@
M87)E#0H@9&5R:79E9!B87-E9!O;B!O=7(@97-T:6UA=&5D('=E:6=H=&5D













M=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@9V]O9'=I;&P@=VAI8V@@8V]U;&0@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


T0R/E1H



M=&EO;G






@;V8@=&EM92X\

M34%21TE.+51/4#H@








@=')A


@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@:7


@8F%S

M8V4@;V8@=&AE('1R861E('!R;VUO=&EO;BP@=VAI8V@@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT
M#0H@=7!O;B!F86-T;W)S('-U8V@@87

L#0H@97AP96-T871I;VYS(')E9V%R9&EN



M='




4
[/&D^4F5V96YU






N
2!M:6QL:6]N+`D,RXU(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D-2XX(&UI;&QI
M;VX@9F]R#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
L(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T



T0R/CQB/CQI/E-H:7!P



T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\


L)B-X
C`Q1#L@=VAI




M97

M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:68@:70@:7


@:7
@8F%S960-

F4]
T0R
M/E1H97)E(&%R90T*(&EN:&5R96YT('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97


@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G


M87)R86YT#0H@87


M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='




M9W



T0R/CQB/CQI/D9A:7(@5F%L
M=64@;V8-B!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N=',\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G





M=')U;65N='
N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q

@3F]T97

@=&AE(&%M;W5N='



<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M


L(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@
M=VET:!!4T,-B`W
#(P
M
30[(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO:3XN)B-X

M:7

















C`Q


@;W(@869F

M9`T*('=A;&YU='



C`Q
BP@8V]S='


@87





63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3
L('1H92!&

C`Q
RTP
BP@)B-X
C`Q0SM#;VUP




C`Q1#L\+VD^(%1H92!N









@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E(&%N;G5A;`T*('!E


M:7-C86P@













M=6ED86YC90T*(&%N9!D;V5S(&YO=!B96QI979E('1H870@=&AE(&%D;W!T
M:6]N(&]F('1H:7




M(#(P
30M


M8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G






@=VET:&EN('1H
M;W-E('EE87)S#0H@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
34L
M(#(P


M8W0@;VX@:71S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T96UE;G1S

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
2`R,#$T+`T*('1H92!&05-(&ES<W5E9!!4U4@,C`Q-TP
M.2P@)B-X


@=&\@8F4@96YT:71L960@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R('1H;W-E#0H@
M9V]O9'


@



M;G1S(&%N9`T*(&-H86YG97

M86=E;65N=!M861E('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&4-B!R979E;G5E('1H870@
M:7





M;W)M86YC92!T87)G970@8V]U;&0@8F4@86-H:65V960@869T97(@=&AE#0H@






M86YC90T*(&%N9!D;V5S(&YO=!B96QI979E('1H870@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N
M(&]F('1H:7

F4]
M





C`U+30P*2X\+VD^)B-X
C`Q1#L@5&AE(&YE
M=R!G=6ED86YC92!A9&1R97-S97

#$Y.W
@86)I


M96YT)B-X

M:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



@8V]N


M=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S








]
M


T1T


M=')U;65N='
#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


M;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/$M+2!X8G)L+&)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



M='





#%#



M:71I97

4


M:W1R964@4V5N:6]R#0H@3F]T97

M960@9F]R(&%S(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@86YD#0H@=V%S(')E

M;64N($]N($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[.2P@


#LQ
M.2P@




@82!C

M;F1U8V5M96YT(&9E92!O9B`D

C`Q-P-B!T:&4@9&%Y('!R:6]R('1O



M










M;6]U;G0@;V8@)#$P




M:&%S960@








@87

M:79A=&EV97







63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!*86YU87)Y#0H@




30L
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-O;&0@-C0@8V]R;B!C86QL(&]P=&EO;B!C;VUM;V1I


2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD-B!H860@



M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P
30@86YD#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
3


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0P/@T*(#PA+2T@0F5G
M:6X@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY86QA
M;F-E)B-X03`[4VAE970F(WA!,#M,;V-A=&EO;CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
F4],T0Q/CQB/D9A:7(-B!686QU93PO8CX\

M


T1B;W1T


M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]




T0G34%21TE.




M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/C$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



F4]
T0Q



V5M.R!415A4+4E.







30[)B-X


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#$^
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XH-3@L,3$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



M



T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L#0H@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/C$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T0R/E1H92!E9F9E8W1S
M(&]F#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T



M93TS1#$^/&(^1&5R:79A=&EV97
-B!.;W0\8G(@+SX-B!$97-I9VYA=&5D


M1TE.+51/4#H@

M93TS1#$^/&(^87

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2


M93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


F4]
M

3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD
M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM/@T*(#QT

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0R/C$Y
CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.


T0R/DEN=&5R

F4],T0R/DEN=&5R97-T#0H@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$









F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






SPO9F]N



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/B@Q
2PS
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CY4
M;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


F4],T0R/CQB/B@R-BPV-3@\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M9VX]


M*#$Q+#4W
#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXI)B-X03`[/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CXH,3`L,C(Q/]B



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C



M9#XF(WA!



W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*

3)P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!4T

M=6ER97













S$L(#(P
3
N(%1H92!#

@=7-I

B!I;G!U='
N(%1H92!N;W1I;VYA;!A;6]U;G0-B!O9B!C
M;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S(&ES(&-A;&-U;&%T960@=71I;&EZ:6YG('1H

M:&5L(&]B=&%I;F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE($-H:6-A9V\@365R8V%N=&EL90T*($5X

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
F4],T0R/DEN($%U9W5S=`R
#$S+`T*('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]B=&%I



@;V8@=&AE#0H@4V5C

M(#0N-#4F(WA!

@87-S97)T960@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F(&EN

#$Y.W
@

C`Q





M)B-X
C`Q.3MS(%-E8W5R:71I97








M8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[
C`L(#(P
30@=V%S(0Q,C,N,R!M:6QL:6]N+`D.#4N
M
0T*(&UI;&QI;VX@87

Q+`R,#$S+!A;F0@=V%S



@;V8@)#

M9V4@:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('-T;V-K('-E='1L96UE;G0L




M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='
@9F]R('1H92!I;7!A


T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.




@;FEL(&%S(&]F($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

2!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS


M;6]D96PN(%1H:7

@






M4W!E8VEA;!2961E;7!T:6]N(&1I9!N;W0@;V-C=7(N($%S('-U8V@L('1H

@;F]T

M=&EO;G

3@L(#(P
30@
M86YD($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS



M=F5L(#


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T0V






M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN
M(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M;W-S97


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/B@Q
2PS
C8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M



L('-A;&5S#0H@86YD('-E='1L96UE;G1S(%-E='1L96UE;G1S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M



F4]
T0R



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/CQB/D5N9&EN

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-3@L


M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M



T0G0D]21$52+51/




65M.R!415A4





M;W=R87`]


M86QI9VX]




M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3$L


T0G1D].


M1#(^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64-B!O9B!C97)T86EN(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T



@86YD#0H@=&5R;7
@9F]R('-I

M86P@

S`N
!M:6QL
M:6]N#0H@3F]T97,@8F%S960@;VX@;&5V96P@,R!I;G!U=',L(&%N9!D971E

M;VX@87





M9FQO=W
N(%)E9F5R('1O($YO=&4@-B!T;R!T:&4@3F]T97










S$L(#(P
30L
M(&%N9!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L#0H@,C`Q,SH\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T

G!X.R!-

M

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0V(&%L






63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M.S
Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^














#M686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M1#(^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



34P+#(Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/E)E9&5E;6%B;&4@
M3F]T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M









63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX.2PV-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








3)P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S:6YG(&$@9&ES8V]U


M9B!T:&4@;F]T97
N(%1H92!F86ER#0H@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&YO=&5S('=O
M=6QD(&)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@3&5V96P@
R!W:71H:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(-


M7S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]
T1P
#L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@



M9R!A;F0-B!3=&]C:RU87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO

4
[

40[*2!W87

#`U(&%N







F4]
T0R
M/DEN(#(P





M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P


M(&]F('=H:6-H(#@S-2PU


Q+`T*(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`Q+#4Q-PU-C







M97








N(%1H92!G






T0R/CQB






M:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('-I;7!L:69I960@;65T:&]D#0H@9'5E('1O('1H


@86YD





F4]
M




M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


#`P


T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


M;G0^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT.2XU.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T1B;W1T;VT^




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$N
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M

M

T1B;W1T




T0R/C`N

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W


#$S(&%N9`T*(#(P

M13H@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,3X\8CY.=6UB97(@;V8\8G(@+SX-B!3:&%R97
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M
$$P.T5X97)C:7-E/&)R(\^#0H@4')I8V4@
M4&5R(%-H87)E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9V4F(WA!

:69E/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

F(WA!
#M6
M86QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



3XF(WA!





I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$



3XF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR
M-RXS-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




M24XM3$5&5#H@

M



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C
W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#86YC96QL960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-RXS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]




M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T

38N
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T

S
N


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M


S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


T0G



$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O





T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M
RXU
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RXT,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#86YC
M96QL960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXH,30X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




S@N-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\





S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T;VT^





CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/C$Q

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
C0N
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$R,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
XT,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

#LS
2P@
C`Q
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



T1B




T0R/C8N
3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M('9A;'5E(&]F(&]P=&EO;G

C`Q
M-P-B`R

#L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






M+SX-B!!=F5R86=E)B-X03`[1W)A;G0\8G(@+SX-B!$871E)B-X03`[1F%I




M86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8V]L;W(]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,XU
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!






M;&4]







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




3

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M=&5D(&%T($IU;'D@
S$L#0H@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C8V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$P+C@Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!4

#$T+!T:&5R92!W87,@)#8N,!M:6QL:6]N(&]F('1O=&%L('5N

L('=H


@;6EL
M;&EO;BP@)#(N
!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-#

M;`R,#$T+`R
#$S#0H@86YD(#(P


M+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CX\

#$T+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R


T0U
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M/&(^4F5S=')I8W1E9`T*(%-T;V-K/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



CX\9F]N


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]




S(N.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





T1B



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW
M-XV
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M







M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.XU-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]




T0R/B@R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C,X+C$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


C


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-RXS
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW
M-XV
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/D-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.XX,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1N


M9VX]

M93TS1#(^
C(N-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M;&4]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


C(N
C4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M;&4]



T0R/B@Q
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]





38N.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B




T0R/C
V-CPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/C(P


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2XW
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

C`Q-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0-B`R
#$R('=A

6QE/3-$)TU!







M)#$P
P@)#0P,P@)#$P











S$L(#(P
30\8G(^


M;FEN9W

]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





T0R/D%30R`R
M-C`L#0H@/&D^)B-X

C`Q1#L\



L('=H

N





4

#%$
M.RDN($%30PT*(#(V


M97

L('-U
M8V@@87


M($9I;F%N8VEA;`T*(%-T871E;65N='
N($EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&5S92!P87)T

@86YD(&-H86YG97





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



T0W
M
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]


M
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



M
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


C`Q


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1B


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]

#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O






M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
97-S.B!I


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R





M9VX]




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

V5M.R!4



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

#(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,34Y+#DQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!





M3$5&5#H@

T0G


F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




30[



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




30[


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M



M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
;W-S(&%T=')I



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38T

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH
34Y+#DQ



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.#8L
S


M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T0G34%21TE.


T0R/E=E:6=H

C`Q-#L@8F%S
M:6
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M



T0R/C(Q+#@Q
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M3$5&5#H@

T0G



T0Q





F4]
T0R

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M9VX]




T0R/C(V+#`S
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-BXS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-RXS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RXY.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@V+C,S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T0R/B@W+C


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@S+CDX/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^





F4],T0R/B@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]


T0R/D-O;7!U=&%T





BPP-SDL-3


C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


M:&%R92!B96-A=7-E('1H96ER(&5F9F5C=!W;W5L9!B92!A;G1I9&EL=71I




30L(#(P
3

@;F]T(&UA9&4@=&\@=&AE(&1I;'5T960@;&]S
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M9FES8V%L(#(P
30L(#(P
3
L(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&)E

M
















63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/;@T*($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[
3DL(#(P
30L('1H





M;V8@9FES8V%L#0H@










S$L
M(#(P



M86QI9VX]




F4],T0R/E1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN#0H@=&AE(&-A<G)Y:6YG(&%M;W5N=!O



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T

M

T1B;W1T;VT@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXT,#,L,34X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


#`P









3XF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]











T0Q/B8C




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]






1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



S$L#0H@
C`Q
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G



T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P
#`P


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,R.PT.3`\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
#$L



M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY';V]D
M=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M






7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT
#$L





#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!




T1B;W1T

M

T1B;W1T;VT@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;2!N;W=R87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/E1R86YS;&%T:6]N#0H@861J=7-T;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M

M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




30[




M=6QY)B-X03`[
S$L#0H@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M3$5&5#H@

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
M
S@L


3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M9VX]




T0R/C0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
S@L

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^





M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



$$P.S
Q.CPO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&

M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




@*&YO=`T*('-U

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);G1A;F=I8FQE


T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$V
RPV
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P
$$P



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXT,S`L,C`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E



@86-C=6UU;&%T



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





65M.R!415A4+4E.


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO



M24XM3$5&5#H@

M




T1B

M;&4]

T1B;W1T




T0R/B@S-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$







T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/B@Q+#4V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
M
$$P.SPO




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS.#@L




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
!D

T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1TE.+51/4#H@

@




M='


@=VET:`T*(&%M;W)T:7IA

2!M:6QL:6]N+`D
M.XP(&UI;&QI;VX-B!A;F0@)#@N,!M:6QL:6]N(')E8V]G;FEZ960L(')E



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



#LS




M;VYS+B!4:&4-B!I;G!U=',@=7-E9!T;R!M96%S=7)E('1H92!F86ER('9A





@=V5R90T*(')E8V5I=F5D




@=&AE
M(&5S=&EM871E9!C;W-T(&]F#0H@8V%P:71A;X@5&AE('5N;V)S97)V86)L
M92!I;G!U='
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

@:6UP




Q
M
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W





]

T1)1#!%




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]


'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


@




'!X

'!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B


T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE






T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C(Q



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@




M:7IE/3-$
CY!0DP@1F%C:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C
P+#`P
#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T

M

CXF
M(W@R


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0P
RPP.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E1O=&%L(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0H@9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY4



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV


M






@3F5W(%)O


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^




'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;B!A;F0@=&AE(%-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(&QI;F4@:71E;2!W
M87


#LS
2P@
C`Q
RX@5&]T



'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L




#LS
2P@
C`Q

M('!R97-E;G1E9!N970@;V8@86X@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@
M)#`N-2!M:6QL:6]N(')E;&%T960@=&\-B!T:&4@5&5R;2!
;V%N($9A8VEL
M:71Y)B-X

M;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@:7



M92UW:61T:#H@


TU,TT
TR/&D^)B-X03`[)B-X
M,C`Q,SL@1&5B=`F(W@R
#$S.PT*($UO9&EF:6-A=&EO;G
@86YD($5X=&EN

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@8V5R=&%I;B!L


@9&5T97)M
M:6YE9!T:&%T(&$-B!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H92!D96)T(')E9FEN86YC:6YG


M;'D@)#



#LS
2P@



@;V8@)#(N-2!M:6QL:6]N+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#



63H@



S$L(#(P
30L



M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

M)B-X
C`Q.3MS($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E#0H@4VAE971S(&%S(&$@
M8V]N=')A+61E8G0@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&%N9!W:6QL(&)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!W









M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E-E
M8W5R960@0W)E9&ET#0H@1F%C:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C8L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C0W
SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0Y


M86QI9VX]



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R







CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C


65M




M



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W




M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXY+#@Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*






CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R






M)R!S:7IE/3-$








M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M





M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ+#0U
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!


M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E


T0R/D%N
M;G5A;`T*(&UA='5R:71I97
@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@87
@;V8@2G5L





M:61T:#H@

M1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O


M+49!34E





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXV+#8P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
F4],T0R/C(P,3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO


M.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
C8L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W




M

CXD

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T





M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



;V%N
M($9A8VEL:71Y+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M

CX\


M:61T:#H@




C`Q0SM!0DP-
#(P,40[*2!I;B!A;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@<')I;F-I<&%L
M(&%M;W5N=!O9B`D


34@;6EL;&EO;BP-B!A;F0@:7-S=65D(0R
M
S`@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`W+C`P
4@4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S(&1U92!-87)C:`R
M
#$Y(AT:&4-B`F(W@R
#%#.TYO=&5S)B-X

M($%D86UA;G1I;F4@2&]L9&EN9W





#LQ.2P@
C`Q


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$

2DF(WA!



@

BDF(WA!




M9B!T:&4@3V%K=')E92!396YI;W(@3F]T97




38N-@T*(&UI;&QI
M;VX@;V8@;F5W(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='

2!M
M:6QL:6]N(&]F('1H97-E(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='





M:&%R9V5S(&%N9!W:6QL(&)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!O=F5R('1H92!L:69E(&]F








M92UW:61T:#H@

M:71H($%30R`T-S`M-3`M-#`M

3
[($1E8G0@)B-X
M
C`Q

\+VD^


RXP(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E


N
!M:6QL:6]N+!A


M





@86YD
$$P.VUI;&QI;VX@<F5L871E9!T

M96YI;W(@3F]T97

M9!T:&4@3V%K=')E92!396YI;W(@3F]T97,@870@86X-B!A;6]U;G0@=&AA



#MM:6QL:6]N+B!3=6)S97%U96YT;'DL(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@9&ES
M8V]U;G0@;V8-B`D-BXX)B-X03`[;6EL;&EO;B!W87,@8W)E871E9!R96QA

M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

#$T(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L



M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT




M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C@L-C8P

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


C`Q-#LF(WA!

M#0H@3F]T97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXX+#8S




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(L

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M5&EM97



M


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

M:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


1494
M.B`U-G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M97

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2



#$P+!+971T;&4@1F]O9',@96YT97)E9!I
M;G1O+!A;F0@1&EA;6]N9!G=6%R86YT965D+!A(#$P+7EE87(-B!F:7AE

4

M9!,;V%N)B-X,C`Q1#LI(&EN#0H@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@
M)#(Q+C(@;6EL;&EO;BP@;V8@=VAI8V@@)#@N

M='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@









#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ
M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M
G!X.R!

M;&4]

M

L('=H:6-H
M(&%R92!S:6UI;&%R('1O('1H92!C;W9E;F%N='
@=6YD97(@=&AE(%-E8W5R



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2



M+49!34E

T0R/D%D9&ET:6]N




M+#0R

&5R8VES92!P<FEC92!O9B!A<'!R;WAI


40[

M964@:7

M#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@



M

M:6%M;VYD)B-X


M(&YO;6EN871E(&$@;65M8F5R(&]F($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W



M97








[(&]R









M97

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;FYU86P@86UO=6YT(&5Q=6%L('1O(#$N
4-B!O9B!T:&4@;W)I9VEN86P@



M861D:71I;VXN($%M;W5N='


#MP97(@86YN=6T\

;V%N($9A8VEL:71Y(&%N
M9!S=6)J96-T#0H@=&\@82`F(W@R,#%#.V9L;V]R)B-X,C`Q1#L@;V8@,2XP
M,4I('!L=7



M






T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4


(&9A8VEL:71Y('=O



N(%5N9&5R('1H92!!0DP@1F%C:6QI


M82!3=VEN9R!

#LX-24@;V8@=&AE(&%M;W5N=`T*(&]F('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&5L:6=I8FQE(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&4[('!L=7


M;B!T:&4@55



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@






4
[24-%($Q)0D]2)B-X

M
3$Z


C`Q1#L@;65A
M;G



@
2XP
4L(&%N9`H
M8RDF(WA!

@)B-X
C`Q0SMP

C`Q1#LN(%1H92!



@86=R964L('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
N#0H@)B-X






'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

($9A8VEL:71Y('!R;W9I


M;F0@9F%I;'

M='
@;W1H97(@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97




M8V5P=&EO;G


@879A:6QA

@=&AA;B`Q
4@;V8-B!M87AI;75M(&%V86EL86)I








M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


34L(#(P
3DL


M(W@R
#%#.U-E8W5R:71I97
-B!!8W0F(W@R,#%$.RDL(&%N9`H:6DI)B-X
M03`[=&\@8V5R=&%I;B!N;VXM52Y3+B!P97)S;VYS(&EN(&]F9G-H;W)E#0H@
M=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(&EN(')E;&EA;F-E(&]N(%)E9W5L871I;VX@4R!O9B!T








#LQ-2!O9B!E86-H('EE87(L(&-O;6UE;F-I

M8V@F(WA!
#LQ-2P@


#
N



#LQ-2P@

M('1O(#$P
XP,#`E(&]F('1H90T*('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE


M+`T*('!L=7



M97(F(W@R
#$Y.W
@3F]T97

M('1O(#$P

3D[

#$Y.W





M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M=V%S(#4N-#


L(&5X8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@3V%K

E+B!&;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P
30@86YD(&9I

M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

@



Q(#(P



M



3AP

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG#0H@:7
@
#(P


4

M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


M9F%C:6QI='D@*'1H92`F(W@R
#%#.U-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET#0H@1F%C:6QI
M='DF(W@R
#%$.RDN($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W


`T*(&UI



C
U(&UI;&QI;VXL('5N9&5R('1H









@;W(@

M;F0@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97








4

RP@
C`Q
B`H)B-X
C`Q0SM&:69T:`T*($%M

M:6YC=7(@=7`@=&\@)#




$$P.S



@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@




M9&UE;G0F(W@R


M(WA!

M=VEN9W

$$P.TEN(&%D9&ET:6]N+!$:6%M;VYD





M:6%M;VYD(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!T:&4@5V%I=F5R(&%N9!4:&ER9!!;65N




C`Q









M:&5S92!C;W9E;F%N='

M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@




M

M1&EA;6]N9!H879E(&%T(&QE87-T(0R
!M:6QL:6]N(&]F#0H@8V%S:P@

M:6QI='D@870@86QL#0H@=&EM97
@8F5G:6YN:6YG($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[
M
2P@
C`Q

M;2!L;V%N#0H@9F%C:6QI='DL('=H:6QE(')E9'5C:6YG('1H92!R96UA:6YI

4
[07!P;&EC
M86)L92!2871E)B-X





4

M;G


M#0H@8V5R=&%I;B!C;W9E;F%N='
@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H($1I86UO
M;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W


S$L#0H@

M4U!!0TE.1SH@


G!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X







3D[

3
N

#LQ.2P@

M





M97(F(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q



M
4


40[
M*2P@87
@9&5F:6YE9!I;@T*('1H92!4:&ER9!!;65N9&UE;G0L('=I;&P@
M8F4@;&EM:71E9!T;R!N;R!M;W)E('1H86X@-XW

M:&%N(#(N
#`@=&\@
2XP


#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@


S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T
M9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]



]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@





M13H@


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!




M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C0P+#4P
SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/C
P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




F4],T0R/C(T+#DT-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
2PQ


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

T1B




T0R/C$R-BPU-C8\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
97-S(&EN=F5N=&]R

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S




M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!X.R!415A4+4E.


#LS

M97(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]


C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M5#H@

T0G1D].







C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPS-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T




T0R/C$X+#@X
SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


T0R/D%C8W)U960@=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M




T0R/C$P.3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ



T1B;W1T;VT^


M
BPV
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C(L,S`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^

V5M.R!415A4




3$W+#8W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C(R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L



M

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


M


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]
T1T
<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M0T]



M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C$Q+#8R
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG




65M.R!415A4




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C4Y+#(V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S





M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR,30L,CDT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C(L





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPV


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C$T+#0R,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C
R


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,38S+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!
F%T:6]N/]F;VYT





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


3
Q+#@Y
3PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C$S
BPR
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY'





T0G

M







S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T
M-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W

3@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]



]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


$$P.S(U+`R






M(&-H87)G97




L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
M
3

@;V8@)#$N


C`Q
RX\








M86ER;65N=`T*(&-H87)G92!O9B`D


C`Q.3MS($-O;G-O


N(%1H:7
@:6UP86ER;65N=`T*(&-H87)G92!R97!R97-E;G1E9!A
M('=R:71E(&1O=VX@;V8@=&AE('1O=&%L(&YE=!B;V]K('9A;'5E(&]F('1H
M90T*(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@87
@;V8@07!R:6PF(WA!
#LS



C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!C;&%S



3
@9F]R(&$@9V%I;B!O9B`D


C`Q
RP@

M9B`D-XY(&UI;&QI;VX@87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H('1H92!&:7-H97)S(&9A
M8VEL:71Y(&9U='5R92!L96%S90T*(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&EN('1H92!T:&ER

#$S('=H96X@=&AE(&-E87-E+75S90T*










#$S

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
2!H87
@;W5T




3
T
M-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]



]


F4]
M
T0R/CQB/B@Q


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M

-


#L\+W`^




M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE
M($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52






M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,30R+#`R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,C`L
M,C@U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/B@Q.2PT
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI


T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
38R+#
Q
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G0D]2




T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



G!X.R!-05)'

T0G

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3XF(WA!



M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@Q+#,W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!





M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-30\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T;VT@





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PS-C
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PU


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^


M
BPX-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/B@Y+#(S,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M






3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M86QI9VX]




T0R/B@W


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!





1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`R-#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






M





$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





BPS.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M



T0R/D$-

U)2!T;PT*($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W
@969F






M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@
M2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M



T0R/B@R
M.2PV
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@U
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXY+#4X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M


M86QI9VX]




M;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

T1B

M93TS1#(^-S


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G






M





M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M

#(P,30[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



65M.R!415A4

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0R/C$W+#DU
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


L


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/D-H86YG97


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/D-H86YG97

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXU
BPQ
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

F4],T0R/C,Q+#DS-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;W(]

T1B



3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

T1B




T0R/C(R.#PO9F]N=#X\

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



M24XM3$5&5#H@

M


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C(L


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



F4]
T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2




M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X

$$P.S,Q+`R


@=V5R92!N;W0@:6YD969I



@:6X@=VAI
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




@=&%X(&)E




M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=&%X(&5F9F5C=`T*(&]F

M97

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97




M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN
M(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(L,3`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]







M86)L97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M



T0R/C$S
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M9VX]




T0R/C$L.34R






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(L
M





M



63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0R/C$Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0C


T1N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

M86QI9VX]



BPS.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O





$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T0R/C4L.3

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O







T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX+#,T
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




F4],T0R/C$L.3$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$S-CPO9F]N

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-S@L

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,S`L
M.3@U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



V5M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^


M*#$U


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.3DL


M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(W+#(X,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,Q+#8W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G0D]2




M1#(^1&5F97)R960@=&%X#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`S96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@R+#@W-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3$V+#@V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0R/B@Q
3$L
M




T1N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M(&)G8V]L;W(]





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/=&AE







T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D




S$\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,3,X+#,R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@Q,3(L,C4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B@Q


M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



65M.R!415A4+4E.



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS









M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
T0R




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B@Q-BPS
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z






M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+#$U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@S+#$S,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY6
M86QU871I;VX-B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C








M




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z





T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPQ-SD\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH
M,3(L-C(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


T1T



T0R/E9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T1N


M9VX]

M93TS1#(^*#DP+#@Y


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@









M-2PY
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


T0G



M.S
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`D.3DN
PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@87

M.S



M87



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q



@8V%R

Q-2XW(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@8W5M=6QA=&EV90T*



M9FES8V%L(#(P

#




Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


















M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=W




M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN
M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#4T-#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].




M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


T0G



T0R/C$L


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N


M9VX]

M93TS1#(^*#(L



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M




T0R/B8C


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]




M





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R








M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]










T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
F4],T0R/C(L.38P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#DR
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM
M5$]0.B`Q


M



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4


XQ(&UI
M;&QI;VXL(0H
XQ*2!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)@S-D@=&AO=7-A;F0L(&YE


@9F]R(&5A8V@@9FES8V%L('EE87(@
C`Q-P-
MB`R

B!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@
M)#`N,B!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9`D
XQ(&UI;&QI;VXL(0P
M+C$-B!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#`N


#$R+CPO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
F4],T0R
M/DEN('1H92!T=V5L=F4-B!M;VYT:'
@9F]L;&]W:6YG($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
M
2P@



L#0H@;&]C


M:7-C86P@



S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X
M835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

Z
M+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]






]


T0G

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'

M




L

M;F0@1F]O9'

:71I9V%T

#LQ
M.2P@
C`Q
$$P.S(S+`R






M
#$Y.W


M86P@8V]N9&ET:6]N(&%N9!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N/]F;VYT

M



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/;@T*($IA;G5A
















M.SDL(#(P





@8V]N=&%I;F5D
M(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X


M)B-X


#$Y.W
@









N

2!T:&4@8VQA<W



M87





1494.B`T)3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$:6%M;VYD



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@;F]T(&)E;&EE=F4@:70@:7


M97-O;'5T:6]N(&]F('1H92!A8F]V92!L:71I9V%T:6]N('!R;V-E961I;F=S









Q






T0R/D]P97)A

C`Q-P@,C`Q
M,R!A;F0@,C`Q,B!W97)E(0U+C0@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#4N
PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@





M;VXM8V%N8V5L86)L90T*(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97



#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A




M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T0Q/CQB/D]P97)A




M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
M(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C0L-C@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].






F4],T0R/C0L,#4T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C
L-S







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C




C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O







M




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E




C@L


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P




T0G1D].

M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P



M13H@


T0V.4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@
M+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

96%S97
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M





C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#$Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




F4],T0R/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/C(P
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS
M+#$P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ+#4P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@


T0R/C(P
3D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H











M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PU-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP










#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@






M
#%#.T-/1$TF(W@R


C`Q
R!T:&5R92!W87
@82!C:&%N9V4@:6X@

@86YD



M;65N=#L@:70@;F]W(&%G9W)E9V%T97




M971T;&4@52Y3+BP-B!+971T;&4@52Y++B!A;F0@4&]P(%-E8W)E=X@5&AE
M($YU='



M



@


40[

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W
M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


M

@

M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-
MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


T0Q
M/CQB/EEE87(@96YD960-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M

63H@

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!





M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
F4],T0R/DYU=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^


M5&EM97

SDQ+#0W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+#(T



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-


1494.B`U96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXX-C4L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M5#H@

T0G1D].



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


V5M.R!4


CY3;F%C:W
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3(L
3


M






@3F5W(%)O




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
Y+#8W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



L


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXU
2PU.3D\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!



M



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L





#$R#0H@

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512


M03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S








M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


3`@86QI9VX]

T0G

3X\8CY9

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0W
RPW
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXT


T0G1D].


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.





T0Q/B8C

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

65M


CY.;VXM4F5T86EL($EN

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
2PR
#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



T0C0T-%

M='
@3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C
Q+#8S



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E1O=&%L#0H@3F]N+5)E=&%I;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


@


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C@V-2PR


63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXX-C0L

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




@3F5W

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@






T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2





M
T0R/E1H90T*(&=E;V=R87!H:6






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3





'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1T;W`^


@3F5W



M


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M


M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^.#8T+#`Q


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CDX
2PT
3@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$58




M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4

G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!







T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

T0C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3`S+#
V-#PO9F]N


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
BPR
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M




M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\

]


M=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S










3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]


]


M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X









T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0U-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M8B@P+#`L


M+SX-B!O9B!097)I;V0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M9V(H

F(WA!
#MA;F0\


M+#`L



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2





M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;F1E9!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L#0H@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXV-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






@3F5W

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]







@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R







@3F5W(%)O


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CY996%R(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





@

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@T-#PO

M9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

V


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T





M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-C




@3F5W(%)O

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0T+#8S
CPO9F]N=#X\



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY996%R(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R




M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O










T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R
M9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

M86QI9VX]




F4]
M
T0R/CQB/B@Q-D@4F5T:7)E;65N=`T*(%!L86YS/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].








34L(#$Y.3D@:7
@;F]T#0H@96YT




@87


Q+`T*(#(P





#%#.SQI/D-O;7!E;G-A
M=&EO;B`F(W@R


M





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0V
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\

M9VX]





C`Q-#PO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/D)E;F5F:70@

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(Q+#(P,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,P+#8S-SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0R/C$L-S4X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]




2PY.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^





M

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXR+#4Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH,CDV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/D)E;F5F:71S('!A:60\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-C,Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;3XF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(T+#$T-SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/C(Q
M+#(P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M

P
#`P
#`@




M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@



M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E!E





P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-S5P


\+V(^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-PV-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M+#8U
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M93TS1#(^-2PT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0R/C4R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%



M=&EC:7!A;G1S)B-X

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O





$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



T0R/B@V
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S`\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!






M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='1O;3XF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M5#H@

T0G1D].

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$V+#@Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
M




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@W+#,S,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!







M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@




M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X.R!-
M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q



#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T


M/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E!E





P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH






T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0R/B@U+#0Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\



T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-RPS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/B@Q+#DR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0R/D%M;W5N='

#LS
2!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8Z

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


T0Y
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T














M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


65M.R!415A4




M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPT-30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@



T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M87`]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@




M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M





M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

@)#(T
M+C$-B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D
C$N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&%T($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
M
2P@



G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G0D]21$52

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0X
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

T0C
F4]




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!

T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C(T+#$T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M93TS1#(^
C$L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q

@8F5N969I=!C;W-T(AI;F-O

Q



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\
M8CY096YS:6]N#0H@0F5N969I=',\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0Q
M


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


F4],T0Q/CQB/C(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G





T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



2PS
C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXV
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S







T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH
2PQ
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G







3XF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


F4]
M

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH-S`V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/B@W-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI

65M.R!415A4


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].









$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]










#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

@8F5N969I=!C;W-T(\-



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$L,34U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q








M

M969I='









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-

M;&4]



T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

T0V-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$



30F(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N



M.S(P
30F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M9VX]


T1B


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2871E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.+T$\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T;VT@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M)B-X03`[



M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



M




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/C0N-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B


M-2XP
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C0N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G





F4]
M
T0R/B4F(WA!


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXX+C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]



65M.R!4





T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


3XF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

#L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M.XR-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






T0C0T-%

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR,#(X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\
M8CY/;F4\8G(@+SX-B!097)C96YT86=E/&)R(\^#0H@4&]I;G0\8G(@+SX-
MB!$96-R96%S93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]




30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@




M=`T*(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C$Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4






I.CPO9F]N

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4

M(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.S,Q+`R
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]






T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;2!N;W=R87`]





M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


#$T.PT*(&5Q

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#8S
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/DEN=&5R;F%T
M:6]N86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXR+#4Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T0R/B8C


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]






1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY-=71U86P@9G5N9'
@
M)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

2PV


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]




M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T

M

T1B





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M



T0R/C4Q
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]









M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$V+#@Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$V+#4Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(Y
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T1N


T1B

M;&4]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A




M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



30@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
979E;`Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L)B-X03`[


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H#0H@97%U:79A;&5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M;2!N;W=R87`]







M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY-=71U86P@9G5N9'
@)B-X



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M





M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C(L


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




T0R/B8C




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


30[#0H@9&5B
M=#H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY'

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T;VT^





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;2!N;W=R87`]









M5#H@

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C4L-#`R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C4P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*

M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-2PU
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M





F4]
T0R

#(P,30[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4
F4],T0R/E!E;G-I;VX-B!O8FQI9V%T:6]N





3)P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$:6%M;VYD('-E;&5C
M='

@=7-I





M1TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$





M;W-E(&EN('=H:6-H#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W



T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.







#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@







M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M3U)$15(M0T]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


T0R/C(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/C$S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/C(P

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C$P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E


T0R/C(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@


T0R/C(P
3D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C$R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/C(P
C`@)B-X





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M













#M-96YD97

#$P(&%N9!F:7-C
M86P@,C`Q,0T*(&)O;G5S97,L(&%N9`V+#8V-2!S:&%R97
@;V8@1&EA;6]N



#%#.U-%4E`F(W@R




@86YD(&%F=&5R(&=I





<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].



C`Q
R!A


Q
S0V
M-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W






]

T1)1#!%344^



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]


'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@

M:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P

M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE


63H@

T0R/E1H90T*(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@




@86YD(&-H86YG
M97


#MM:6QL:6]N(&=A:6XL(&%N

M(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE#0H@*&QO


M
#$S(&%N9!F:7-C86P-B`R


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@,'!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3





'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S



3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M86QI9VX]

M+#`L


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


V5M.R!4





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^*#(L




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C(L
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ.2PY.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`U
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@S-C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@R+#0Y



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!



T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R
M(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/@T*(`T*(#PO






]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@








M8VEA;`T*($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(AU;F%U9&ET960I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G1D].

T1B







B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





S$L#0H@
C`Q-#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
C$Y+#`W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58


T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO9F]N=#X\

M






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-2PP.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







F4]


F4],T0R/C@T+#$Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-BPS
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M



F4]
M

M8V]L;W(]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
3`U+#8S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/B@Q+#@U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
2XY



M;&4]





M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
XP
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT








M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.2PQ

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!






M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.2PQ
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT








M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0Y
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].





P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M;F1E9!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L#0H@,C`Q,SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C4X+#0V
CPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C(R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M(&)G8V]L;W(]


M;&4]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


3XF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/C4S+#`U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C4L.3

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T0R/C$Y-RPX.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



T0G



T0R/B@Q


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
PQ-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M86QI9VX]




T0R/B@Q
M-2PU.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C`N-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PW-3
\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PY
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T1B






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
XW,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0R/B@V+C4V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T0G34%21TE.


T0R/D1I;'5T


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PW-3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PY

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!T:&4@


#LR-BP@
C`Q
R!T;R!S971T;&4@

M)B-X

M
3$N


M:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('-T;V-K('-E='1L96UE;G0@:6X@4V5L;&EN9RP@


M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O









R+C
@

@=&\@=&AE(&AO;&1E




F4],T0R/B@S*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R





N(%)E9F5R#0H@=&\@3F]T92`U('1O

M871E;65N='

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@86QI9VX]






M9&5F97)R960@=&%X97





#$S(&%N9!A(0S+C

M(&]F('1H92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R+B!2969E

2!T;R!T:&4@3F]T97
@=&\@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E
M9!&:6YA;F-I86P-B!3=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA
M86(V
#(W


]
M


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]








M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


C`Q0SM'04%0)B-X
C`Q1#LI+B!#



T1T;W`^4F5V:7-I
M;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$=7)I

M;VX@1F]R;2`Q



M($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

@9'5E('1O(&$@8VAA;F=E


C`Q
RP-B!W:&EC:!R97-U;'1E



@86YD

#LY.2P@/&D^36%T
M97)I86QI='D\+VD^(&%N9!C;VYC;'5D960-B!T:&%T('1H:7
@97)R;W(@

3

M=&5D#0H@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET







T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@




#$Y.W
-






7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/DIU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H
F4],T0Q/CQB/D%S)B-X03`[
M4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T




M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/B@Q-BPR-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E



T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T

RPS
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/B@Q-3DL.3$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z




M87)E.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;2!N;W=R87`]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


XQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

S
\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M5#H@

T0G1D].

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M

M:71H:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

S$L(#(P
3
@:7
@87


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M


#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D%S#0H@
M4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$



3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D%S#0H@
M4F5V:7-E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@
M+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

&5S/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#,R,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M86QI9VX]




M9VX]



$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

F(W@R

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
T0R

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



F4]
T0R



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@969F96-T(&]F#0H@=&AE(')E=FES:6]N(&]N



#$S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W




M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN
M(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Y)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C

$$P.S,Q+`T*(#(P,3,\+V(^/]F




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



M9VX]





M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

T1B


65M.R!415A4


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS
M+#,R,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/B@Q-3DL.3$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T1T



T0R/D%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1O(')E8V]N8VEL90T*



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/B@Q
2PT
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M




M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$






#L\

05!313H@8V]L;&%P


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A
M8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.S
Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!



M(')G8B@P+#`L


F(WA!
#M297!O




7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT




M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L







T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38S+#(S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#
R
3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R



M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M861J=7-T;65N='



T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@


T0R/BDF(WA!

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O





65M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,38S+#$Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

F4],T0R/C,L,C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
34Y





M='




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4




T0R/D]N(&%N(&]N9V]I


L(&EN=&%N


@86)O=70@


]




@86YD
M#0H@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G


M


M97


M

#$S


C`Q
M-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0-B`R





#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M





@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D('-U8G-I9&EA






T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@





@:7
@=&AE#0H@




@







M3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H#0H@97%U:79A;&5N
M='




Q+`R,#$T+!W
M92!H860@82!T;W1A;!O9B`D-2XS#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!C87-H(&%N9!C



]

]





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].




L('5N9&5R

M('1O#0H@=&AE('=A;&YU=!P=7)C:&%S92!A9W)E96UE;G1S+!T:&4@0V]M


M8F4@9&5T97)M:6YE9!S=6)S97%U96YT('1O(')E8V5I=FEN9R!T:&4@=V%L
M;G5T(&-R;W`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@97-T:6UA=&5S('1H92!F:6YA;!P






M#0H@;V8@9V]O9'



]







]


]
T1T97AT
<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]



M($-O;7!A;GD@;6%K97


M='





L




M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M(&%N9!D979E;&]P;65N=`T*(&%C=&EV:71I97,\:3XN/]I/B!);B!F:7-C
M86P@


M97






@86YD($=O;V1W:6QL/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P


T0R/DUA;F%G96UE

M96YT:69I86)L92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE#0H@87-S971S('=I=&@@9FEN:71E(&QI


C`Q0SM!4T
F(W@R
M
#%$.RD@




M











M97


















M97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97


M;G1E9!C87-H(&9L;W=S('1H870-B!T:&4@87-S970@:7
@97AP96-T960@





M:7)E9`T*(&EN('1H:7
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





L#0H@=7-E









@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EN9PT*

#$Y.W





M(WA!













]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y964@0F5N969I=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO
M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M
6QE

T0R/CQF




6QE/3-$

T0R/CQF;VYT






L


@




T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!2

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@





@9FEX960L(&1E;&EV97)Y(&]C

M4F5V96YU97
@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&YE=!O9B!R96)A=&5S+!I;G1R;V1U

M92!#;VUP86YY(&%C8W)U97










63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

L(&-U

L(&-O=7!O;G

M8V5S(&%R90T*(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T('1H92!T:6UE('1H92!R96QA=&5D(')E
M=F5N=64@:7



M4T
@-C`U+34P+`F(W@R,#%#.SQI/E)E=F5N=64-B!296-O9VYI=&EO;B`F
M(W@R

M)B-X

RXS(&UI
M;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
30L(0T,2XU#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F:7-C
M86P@,C`Q,R!A;F0@)#,W+CD@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F:7-C86P@,C`Q,BX-B!#

M
#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q


]





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X



@9F]R('-H:7!P:6YG


]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


L)B-X

@=&AA


@



M=V%N8V4@:68@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D-B!T:&%N(&YO=!T:&%T('-O

@:7



T0R/E1H97)E(&%R90T*(&EN
M:&5R96YT('5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97








]




M;65N='


M86P@


C`Q.3MS(&-O;G-O;&ED

M8F%S:7
L(&-H86YG97


]


F4]
T0R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@








M9FEN86YC:6%L#0H@:6YS=')U;65N='
N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

@3F]T97

@=&AE(&%M;W5N
M='




]



T0R/CQB/CQI



T0R/E1H92!#;VUP
M86YY#0H@86-C;W5N='



@

#%#.SQI/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`F(W@R
#$T

40[#0H@56YD97(@=&AI








M97D@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


M:7-T96YT('=I=&@@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


]




T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M
3



@;V8@9W)O=V5R


#M);B!F
M:7-C86P-B`R,#$T+!F:7-C86P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(L(&-O


M;6%T96QY(0Q.XW(&UI;&QI;VX@9F]R('1H92`R


C`Q

M





T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E8V5N
M=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG#0H@4')O;F]U;F-E;65N=',\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G


4

M:6
@
C(P*3H@4F5P;W)T:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='


@86X@

M87-S:69I960@:7










M

C`Q
RTP
3$\


@

N(%1H92!G=6ED86YC92!S=&%T
M97


@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E('EE87)S+`T*(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!A




M=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R

@
M



#%$.SPO:3X@5&AE(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC90T*('!R;W9I

M




M92!T:&%T('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E('=I;&P@:&%V

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!-87D@
C`Q-P-B!T:&4@1D%3

30M

#8\+VD^*2XF
M(W@R
#%$.R!4:&4@;F5W(&=U:61A;F-E('!R;W9I9&5S(&YE=PT*(&-R:71E

@:6X@
'!E8W1S('1O(&)E(&5N=&ET;&5D(&EN(&5X




F5D(&EN('1H90T*(&9U='5R92!F<F]M
M(&5X:7-T:6YG(&-O;G1R86-T<RX@475A;G1I=&%T:79E(&%N9!Q=6%L:71A



@8F5G:6YN:6YG
M#0H@869T97(@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LQ-2P@

M;VX@:7




#$T+`T*('1H92!&

C`Q-TQ,BP-B`\:3XF(W@R
#%#.T-O;7!E;G-A



M=FED97







@86YD(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T




M92!T:&%T('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E('=I;&P@:&%V

#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q-P-B!T:&4@

30M
$$P.T=O:6YG($-O;F-E<FX\+VD^(@\:3Y3=6)T;W!I8PT*(#(P-2TT


M96UE;G0F(W@R
#$Y.W
#(P


@86YD(&5V



M03`[
34L(#(P




'0O:'1M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@

]

]



T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M
#$Y.W



M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]



T0Q/CQB/DIU;'DF(WA!
#LS


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H
F4],T0Q/CQB/D%S
M)B-X03`[4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(L


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/B@Q-BPR-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M


M1#(^
RPS
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/B@Q-3DL.3$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T0G34%21TE.



@



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




F4],T0R/B@W+C0X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





XQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E



M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M
S


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]






M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M





M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@





#$Y.W

S$L(#(P
3
@:7
@
M87

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]

M+#`L

M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/D%S#0H@4F5P;W)T960\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L



3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/D%S#0H@4F5V:7-E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE
M($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C$P-BPW


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

RPR-#D\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

F(W@R

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M







63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@969F96-T(&]F#0H@=&AE(')E=FES

M
$$P.S,Q+`R
#$S(&ES(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W



'!X)SX-

M=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\(2TM
M($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



3`@86QI
M9VX]





M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G


M



T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M9VX]

65M


M8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,38S
M+#(S,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXS+#,R,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@Q-3DL.3$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58


T0R/D%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1O(')E8V]N



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/B@Q
2PT

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS+#,R
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M

M86QI9VX]




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





M(WA!

05!313H@


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\(2TM($)E
M9VEN(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.S
Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!



M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

F(WA!
M




M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M






-




M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38S+#(S
CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#
R
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='




M





T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M5#H@

T0G1D].

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH


3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA
M-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

M


#$T/&)R



]


M26YS=')U;65N='
#L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@




M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

P
#`P
#`@

M93TS1#$^/&(^3&EA8FEL:71Y#0H@1&5R:79A=&EV97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CY&86ER#0H@5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M9VX]

T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0Q/E!R97!A:60F
M(WA!
#MA;F0F(WA!


\

M


M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/C(Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0Q/C$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

M1#$^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3XQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0Q/B@U.PQ

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@


]

M;G-O;&ED871E9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



#$S(&%N9!F:7-C86P-B`R

M87


T0P/@T*(#PA
M+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM



M871I=F5S#0H@3F]T/&)R(\^#0H@1&5S:6=N871E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P
#L@


T0Q/CQB/F%S($AE



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/




T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@W
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^




M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/DEN=&5R97-T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M87`]



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY


M;&4]



T0R/B@R-2PY
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1N


M9VX]


V


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP







M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXH
C8L
M-C4X/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


F4],T0R/CQB/B@Q,2PU-S`\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B



T0G1D].



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L









M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^







M:6YN:6YG#0H@0F%L86YC93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M


T0R/BD\8CXF(WA!
#L\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M
T0R/BD\8CXF(WA!

M5#H@

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#5E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/DEN8VQU9&5D(&EN#0H@96%R;FEN9W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^

R

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY0=7)C
M:&%S97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M/&(^16YD:6YG#0H@0F%L86YC93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$





M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


]




#LS

M1#0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]





P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]





C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY#87)R

M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C$U
PR.34\+V9O;G0^/]T

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2961E96UA8FQE
M($YO=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA
M-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



S$L(#(P




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^07-S=6UP=&EO;G,@57-E9!I;B!;&%C:RU38VAO;&5S($UO9&5L/]T




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]



#`P
M

T0R(&%L


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

65A<G,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^


M-2XU

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C


E+34U+C@T)3PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T0G5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO=W)A
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T0R/B4F
M(WA!


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C`P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O






'0^)SQD:78^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X
M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4G/@T*(#QF;VYT
F4]
M


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86-T=6%L($QI9F4\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





T1C96YT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

2PW


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C(W+C,T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+C
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXW.PU-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M86QI9VX]





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
CPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(W


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T




T0R/B@V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0R/C4W+C
S


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E


T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


BPP-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1N


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C


T0G34%21TE.


T0R/D5X97)C
M:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BXR
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
2PR
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,RXV,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B






3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR-BXP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C(S+C4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T0R/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/B@W,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG


T0R/D-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.XW,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#-P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C$L


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M93TS1#(^





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXT+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#(R,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-RXR
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N







M4BU#3TQ


E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



3XF(WA!






M9VX]



S$L
M#0H@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C$P+C4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






F4],T0R/C(V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY697-T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#D\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ,RXY-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
3`N.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M:6-T960@4W1O8VL@56YI='



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


$$P.V]F/&)R(\^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



3XF(WA!


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G


F4]
T0R

#(P,30[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




M93TS1#(^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-XV
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR.XU-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





T0G



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH
M,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M870-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ-XX
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^








T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-RXS
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M93TS1#(^*#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW-XV
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T







M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.XX,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


C(N-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B




T0R/C0P-SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^
C(N
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C(Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY'

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



3XF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXR,2XV,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

T1B




T0R/B@Q
#0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR
M-2XU,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR-RXX,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M.2XW

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P


O4VAE970S


T0G




M/3-$


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]



]



]


M3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4:&4-B!C;VUP=71A=&EO;G
@9F]R(&)A


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

3$%04T4Z

T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$


MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W,24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-





3`@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q



M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0R/BDF(WA!


M9VX]



M




M;2!N;W=R87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@




7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P


T1B



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
34Y+#DQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T0R/B@X-BPS
S8\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O






30[)B-X


3XF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M








30[)B-X


3XF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M




30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[




M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



@)B-X
C`Q-#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,34Y+#DQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O

6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#L\+W1D




#L\






M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-BPP
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]







T0R/B8C


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]




M





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M
C`Q-#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M
2PV.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L



T0G34%2


T0R/DQO



@*#$I.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


T0Q



F4]
T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0R/B@V+C


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@W
M+C,S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




P
#`P
#`@

3$%0

T0P
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]



T0R/B@Q*3PO


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA
M-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@8VAA


T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY3;F%C
M:W
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


F4],T0Q/CQB/DYU=',\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0C

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M9VX]




T0R/B@R+#`S
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





T0R/BDF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

M.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G34%2


T0R/D)A
M;&%N8V4@87

Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


M3$5&5#H@

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
M


3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M9VX]




T0R/C0P
2PQ
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS,C@L-#DP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T




7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXW
BPV
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M9VX]




T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G







M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



F4]
T0R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N






M



T1B





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



T1B

M;&4]

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
!S;VQI

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



S
X+#`X-3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^-S(L-C


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


M93TS1#(^
S
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0R/C0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



G!X.R!-05)'

T0G

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]


C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/D)R
M86YD(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S(AN;W0-B!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-C

M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G



T0R/B@S-RPX-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M



T0R/D)R86YD#0H@:6YT86YG:6)L97
\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
S8L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH
2PU-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/E1O=&%L(&]T:&5R


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.3(L

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U
M7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W

S(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M






3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]

]
M

]






Q.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0Q/B8C





M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].







F4]
M


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T









T0G



T0R/C8L


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
S`L


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



;V%N
M($9A8VEL:71Y+`T*(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/DQE



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T




T0R/B@U+#@V
#PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M5#H@

T0G1D].


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXV



3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T1T;W`^3F5T($EN

M1TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.

C`Q
RPF
M(WA!
#LF86UP.R`R

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M0T]



M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ-PT-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



M



T0R/C(V+#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]







63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].







3XF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;2!N;W=R87`]



65M



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#8W
CPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@




M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]






M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T0R/B@Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/B@T

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87!I

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PV-S
\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;3XF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C
S+#DW-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#L\+W1D




#L\





]

]




#LS
2P@

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@



M

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





M3$5&5#H@

T0G

M9VX]




T0R/C8L-C`T





C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C8L-S(Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G






F4],T0R/C4L,3$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C8R-BPS
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C8U,2PR-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!



M4#H@

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q







]





M




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0X-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



M
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M(&)G8V]L;W(]


C@L-C8P



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]






T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/C@L-C


65M





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(L




M#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#L@5&5R;2!

M9VX]




T0R/C(L
#8W




M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

65M



M93TS1#(^.#
L




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X
M86%B-C`R-S






M/D)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@271E;7


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



M(%-T871E;65N='


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)I97
\
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!4


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.






#
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXS,PY
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9VX]




T0R/C(X+#`U
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,C8L
M-38V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T0R/B@R+#(Y
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/B@R+#`Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P




L(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


3$U+#0U-CPO

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!

#L\





]


M1#(^06-C;W5N='
-B!P87EA8FQE(&%N9!A8V-R=65D(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



65M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW-2PX
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C









M






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M5#H@

T0G1D].






M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#$V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW+#,S
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




F4],T0R/C(L,S0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`S-3PO9F]N

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]




C(P+#4T
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\






M1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*(#QT

T1L969T



M:&5R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]N('1H90T*('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L
M86YC92!3:&5E='

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X
M.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W

S0N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@



]



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].


#LS

M;W)D97(]

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


#`P
M

T0R(&%L


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#@R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z



M;F0-B!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.2PR-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I







M(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

C$W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

S`V





M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M;W=R87`]





RPQ-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
!S;VQI

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
S(L



M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M




M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M





#$T


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X
M86%B-C`R-S




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM

T0G

L(&)Y('1A


MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]




T0G34%2


T0R/E5N
M:71E9!3=&%T97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^*#$T
BPP
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\





CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
3DL-#



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


M



BPS
3$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^*#@T+#8Q






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


65M.R!415A4

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PS-SD\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M;&4]

M87`]


T1T





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;W)E

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
M



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S




M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
M
$$P.SPO



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.2PR
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



V5M.R!4


T1B;W1T




T0R/B@Q+#(U.#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/B@T

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M


BPP
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

F4],T0R/B@Q-PW
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P







M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(L

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@;V8@4W1A='5T;W)Y($9E9&5R

]


'!X




63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




'!X


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M+49!34E

05!313H@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@V
2PV-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M.B`G5&EM97



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+!N970@;V8@9F5D97)A;`T*(&)E;F5F:70\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^


M5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH-3



@3F5W


M3TY4+49!34E



T0C


\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY!8V-R

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

F4],T0R/C<\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@V+#
X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/D9I;F%N8VEN9PT*(')E;&%T960\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXW+#8Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-RPU.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@T
#PO9F]N

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@S+#
R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@R+#0U
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T






M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ.3$\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY#:&%N9V5S(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;@T*
M(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C4R+#$R-#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

S$L.3


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D]T:&5R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*







M:7IE/3-$
CY);F-O;64@=&%X97
-B`H8F5N969I=D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^



]

@86YD
M($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



Q.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T0V.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T



C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/$M+2!%;F0@5&%B;&4@2&5A
M9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C(L

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
M



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

BPV
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C(L,#@U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M




T0R/C$Q
SPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T0R/DQI=&EG871I;VX-B!3971T;&5M96YT/]F;VYT/CPO



$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(L





T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF


T0R/D]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-B!);F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4V
SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M






M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^




;W-S97
\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXW
BPP-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T1B






3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ+#$S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O

6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`U96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C(W+#(X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/C
Q+#8W.3PO

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
BPU-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3$V
M+#@V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


T0R/DQI=&EG871I;VX-B!3971T;&5M96YT/]F;VYT/CPO



$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL







S


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T0G



T0R/B@Q+#8S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/B@W-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3
X+#
R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



T0G


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/B@Q
3(L


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@Q,#8L-C0Y/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#(X
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/E9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\





M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#$U-#PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@S+#$S

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@



T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].





1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY686QU871I;VX-B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+V9O;G0^/]P

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
BPT-3$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M

#(P,30[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]





T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58




T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\








M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/B@Q
S(L



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




T0R/BDF
M(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

65M.R!415A4+4E.


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\





RPU
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI


M9VX]

\
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=W




M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-C4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B`C
#`P

M


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,L-30T
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M93TS1#(^
RPY


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-PR-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

F4],T0R/C,U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!9&1I
M=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T




T0R/C4Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/E)E9'5C=&EO;G
\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH
BPS.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T0G34%21TE.


T0R/E-E='1L

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/E-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='1O;3XF(WA!



M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A



M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*









M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

]



M($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
#L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY!=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M

3$%04T4Z(&-O

T0P('=I9'1H

M9!W:61T:#TS1#@T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M
3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C0L-C@S



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C0L







F4],T0R/C,L-S,P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O







T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@








#`P
M



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E4



M34E






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#


M3TY4+49!34E

05!3




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@




3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/C(P,34\+V9O;G0^/]P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P
38\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C






M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CXR
#$X

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/C(P,3D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H97)E
M869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXQ
BPT-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M

]


3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^





]







#$T+`R,#$S+!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W97)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W




M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]
T0Q


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E




M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY3;F%C
M:W,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C0S-RPY-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T0R/C
Y
2PT-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




M



T0R/C4U-BPR-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX-C0L
#$R


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



M




M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@




M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E




M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^
34R+#$S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A




M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT@




7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M
$$P.SPO



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(P-2PU,C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

@




@9F]L

30L(#(P
3


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-S
L-S

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M




T0R/C
V-2PQ-S@\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(%)E=&%I;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T


M;&4]





M




T0R/C@P
RPQ
S
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G34%2


T0R/DYO
M;BU2971A:6P@26YT97)N871I;VYA;`T*($YU='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M


@3W1H97(\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



S$L-C


!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C8P+#,Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C8P+#@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C@R+#@T,3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M

M



T0R/C@V
M-2PR


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX-C0L,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




]



#(P

@9F]R('1H

-B!E;F1E9!*=6QY)B-X03`[


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@

3$%04T4Z

T0P('=I

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]








M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV-#@L
M-C8T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY%=7)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M-3`L-S8W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]



65M.R!4



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M93TS1#(^.#8T+#`Q
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/CDX
2PT

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@





]

M3&]N9R!

]
T1T


@87

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M;VT\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C(X+#@V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




3

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L










@86YD(%%U86QI9GEI



S$L(#(P


]




M+49!34E

05!313H@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G












T0Q/CQB
M/D1E9'5C=&EO;G

F(WA!
M
#LH
2D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CX\8CY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L#0H@06-C;W5N='

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*





M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY996%R(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P-B`R,#$R/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8T
M



M97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[




@3F5W

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].

CXT
CD\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




CXF(W@R






M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M



M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





@

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CDY+#



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







CXF(W@R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T

M

CXQ








@86YD+V]R(')E8V]V97)I97

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W
M85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R





S$L(#(P
M

M871I;VYS(&%N9!&=6YD960@4W1A='5S(&]F(%)E;6%I;FEN9R!96YE9FET
M(%!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX-

M;G






M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY#:&%N9V4@:6X-B!96YE9FET


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M86QI9VX]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C(Q+#(P
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A


T0R/C
P+#8S-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





3XF(WA!



M;&4]


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].







3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXS.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T




3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

T1B;W1T





M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV
M,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M86QI9VX]




T0R/C$S






M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4Y
#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M-C


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T0R/D)E;F5F:70@;V)L


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C(T+#$T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(Q+#(P,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$L.3(R
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M93TS1#(^
2PW-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D



'!X)SX-

M=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B






M;&4]





C`Q-#PO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/D9A:7(@=F%L


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ





T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E




T0G





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0C



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M9VX]





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





M;&4]






M='






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PY-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.#`\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





M86QI9VX]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





30[)B-X


!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0R/B@W+#
S
#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M-2PT
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@

]


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

-B`H
M;&EA8FEL:71I97,I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B



T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0U.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY#=7)R96YT#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
3


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]






M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/B@W+#
S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PT

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@





]


#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&

M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D]T
M:&5R#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]





M
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/DYE=!L;W-S(AG86EN*3PO9F]N=#X\

M



F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M87`]






M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@T+#(W,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R
M/BDF(WA!

M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]






T0R/B8C


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW+#0T
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@T+#(W,#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO





]




M




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0X
4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


C$L




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



]




#L\+W`^#0H@




M1#4W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


3`@86QI
M9VX]





3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@









T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C8S
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M93TS1#(^-C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T


M1#(^*#$L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].




3


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M




M;2!N;W=R87`]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%


T0R/D%M;W)T:7IA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]





M86QI9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C$V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

M;W=R87`]









M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
M
C


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



F4]
T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M







M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*





30[)B-X


3XF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T




M87`]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T







7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP
!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3$5&5#H@

T0G

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



2PQ-#4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M+#$U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T1T;W`^

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.



#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE


M:6YG/3-$

T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

65M.R!4


M8V]S=`T*('1R96YD(')A=&4@87-S=6UE9!T;R!D96-L:6YE(AT:&4@=6QT

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O





T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(P
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C(P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^

\
#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY/;F4\8G(@+SX-B!097)C96YT86=E
M/&)R(\^#0H@4&]I;G0\8G(@+SX-B!$96-R96%S93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%



M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

M9VX]




T0R/C$Y-SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]






#(P


#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L
M)B-X03`[
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H#0H@97%U:79A
M;&5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

CDX


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@







1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY-=71U86P@9G5N9'
@)B-X
C`Q

M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXV+#8S
M,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]




M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY)

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]









M3$5&5#H@

T0G

30[#0H@9&5B=#H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




30[



V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



F4]
M


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\

#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



65M.R!415A4+4E.



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








T1N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O







7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#%P
!S

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPU
3D\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T0G



M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&

M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P


M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

T1B;W1T


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]





M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]







M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

M;2!N;W=R87`]



V5M


M9VX]




T0R/C(L
3@U


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




#$T

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


M93TS1#(^1V]V97)N;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



F4],T0R/C$L-C(V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#8R-CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2


T0R/D-O





M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#0P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@




M;W=R87`]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@





C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CY4
M;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T




7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0P





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




C`Q-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!




M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


30[#0H@
C`R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C4L,S8Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW.3(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




]


M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE(&YE=!P97)I;V1I8PT*(&)E;F5F:70@8V]S=!F;W(@


M(&9O;&QO=W



'!X)SX-

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C0N-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0R/C0N
#`\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXS+C(P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXW+C`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/DXO03PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O






M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL




T1T;W`^


#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4

M;VYS(&%T($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M13H@


T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#8@86QI9VX]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXF(WA!
#LR
#$S)B-X03`[/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



T1B


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS







M($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(&)Y($-O




M5&EM97


M

@87



3$%0


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M





M(')G8B@P+#`L





M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)A;&%N
M8V4@87
@;V8-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C4R
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L-#@U
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M



M3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@R+#$R



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(R+#$Q-CPO9F]N



@3F5W


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/D%M;W5N='


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS




CY!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@

M:6

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M
BPT.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8-B!*=6QY)B-X
M03`[,S$L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT^

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L




Q
M
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W





]

T1)1#!%

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

]
M



]

M=VED=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

F4],T0Q/CQB/D9O
M=7)T:#QB<B`O/@T*(%%U87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY996%R(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF
M(WA!
#LS
2P-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58



T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$Y,PX.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M




M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M86QI9VX]




T0R/C0U
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/C4V+#
R
#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^-#$L




MB`H,BD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH-#(L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXH
RXV



M




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPP-3(\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2XY
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH
XP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPP-3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




G!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G0D]21$52

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0U-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


M=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0R



M87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

#$S

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR-3@L-#8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



C(P+#@T-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C0S+#
U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M-3
L








M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M



T0R/C0U+#(S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


3DW+#@X
#PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ







$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$P+#$T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/B@Q-#


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]





M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M*#`N-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-BXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

@*&EN
M#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M
2PX
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C(Q+#DP-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





M



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

T1B;W1T






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3D\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@





P
#`P
#`@

M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
F4],T0R/DEN('1H92!F:7)S=!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F#0H@9FES8V%L
M(#(P



@


2!M:6QL:6]N('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&5D(&$@
M8V%S:!S971T;&5M96YT(&]F(0Q
2XP(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD#0H@82!S=&]C
M:R!S971T;&5M96YT('9A;'5E9!A=`D.#4N
2!M:6QL:6]N(&%T('1H92!C

@;V8@)#






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M1#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\









M
BDF(WA!





M3F]T97


M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^









M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

M




M97(@;V8@9FES8V%L#0H@
C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T


S$L(#(P
3
N(%1H:7
@=V%S(&1U


S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(&$@)#
N
R!M:6QL
M:6]N#0H@=6YD97)S=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I







]

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]












]



M;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
M+#DP

]
T1N=6T^*#4L.3`P+#`P




M+#@X-2PP





]

]



T1T;W`^0V]O




#`\





]




#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]

@9G)O



#`\

M+#0P

M86QI9VX]



]



M0F%S:7



]



]
T1R;SX-



]


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@1V5N97)A;!A;F0@061M:6YI

]
T1T



]



T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD(&1E=F5L


M)`T+#`P,PP




]



]


M/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!A;F0@0F%S:7

:6YE

]
T1T



]



]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M970@4V%L97


]




]





T1T;W`^
M4V%L97





BXP




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



M(%M


]




]

]
T1T97AT



]



]
T1P






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M




@;V8@



]




]


]











]
M




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
34@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS






@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



CY*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


S`L(#(P

2P@
M

M/3-$
CY/8W0N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


C`Q
M

M
CY*86XN(#

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/D]C=X@,S$L(#(P,3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@

]


S$L(#(P


]


]
T1F;CX\



]



Y

]

]
M


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#




3`L

CDI/'-P86X^


]
T1F;CX\

S








]



]



]
T1T97AT




]
T1N

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]

]

]
T1N




]



]

M
RXV

M9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N-C@I/'-P



]





]


S
I






]



]
T1T



]



]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#DY



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(R+#`U

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#DU

]



]



]


]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#`S
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@Q



]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#8Y





]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]




]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]


]



]





]
M



]



]



38S+#(S

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1T97AT



]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@


]


]


]
T1T



]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]



]
T1T



]



]




]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]





]
T1F



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]






]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*




'0^)SQS<&%N

]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]








]



]



]
T1T97AT




]



]
T1T97AT



]






T1T;W`^

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]


]
T1F;CX\




T1T;W`^07
@4F5V:7-E9#PO=&0^#0H@

]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]


]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]



]



]
T1T97AT





]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]




]

]

]



]



]
T1T97AT



]


M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]



]



]
T1T97AT


S
I/'-P86X^


]


]



]
M



]



]




T1T
M;W`^0F%S:6




]




]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C(Q+#@Q

]




]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@Q



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C






M8VES92!T;R`H






M:6QL:6]N+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




M(#(P





C`Q

RXR(&UI

2!T;R!T
M:&4@3F]T97

M;F5R1F]O=&YO=&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^6S-=/]T

3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

S$L(#(P
3$\





]



]
M




C
L-C
S/'-P


M




]
T1N=6UP/C0R


]

G(&5Q=6ET

]
M




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M


]






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@
M;&EA8FEL:71I97


2PQ-S(L


]
T1R:#X-

]



]
T1R



]





]





]



]
T1T97AT


]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RPU




]


M9VX]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD





S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF
M.&%A8C8P

Z+S
Q
S0V
M-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5&14%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





T0S/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*2!I;F-O


BD\

M*#$U.2PY





]



M
S


]

M=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#(L
C8P

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0V+#(Y




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C
L
C


]
M




M



]

M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
M









]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T


R


]


]



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL;W-S*2!I;F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

M;65N='


]



]


]



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X
M835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M=FES:6]N(&]N($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!3=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F($-O;7!R96AE
M;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A

]

]

]
T1T

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


S$L(#(P

2P@
M
C`Q

M/3-$
CY*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


I(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



3`U+#8S




34L


M/B0@*#$T



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L


]






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]


]



]




]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]





]
M



]



]






]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*






]




]



]
T1T



]

]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6T^*#$V
RPR



]

]



]



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

]




]




]



]
T1T




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


I(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@

]



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]





]


]
T1F;CX\



]



]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AL



]
T1T97AT



]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]




]




]




M


]
T1F;CX\



]



]
M




]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L

]
T1F

]


]



]


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]
M



]



]


]

]


]



]
M



]



]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]
T1F;CX\



]


]


I(&EN8V]M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*





]

]
M



]
T1T



]



]

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$U


]

T0R
M

T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
B!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26X@=&AE
M('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E






S(N

@=&\@




]

C(@



M=64@56YI=&5D($MI;F=D;VT@9&5F97)R960@=&%X97


#$S+!W:&EC:!R97-U;'1E


M(#







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T
M-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M='`M97%U:78]

]


@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N


^

]









M;'-P86X]

M


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q

#$T/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I
M97

#$T/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97


#$S/&)R
M/E-E8W5R:71I97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97
@3&ET:6=A

#$T/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I
M97


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q



:6%B:6QI='D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

]


:6%B:6QI='D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^4V5N:6]R
M($YO=&5S/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q.2P@

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^3V%K

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@

;VYG



M
S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#


:6YE

]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]
M



C4L
#`P+#`P




]


]


]



]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C0L-#`P+#`P
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L-#`P+#`P


]



]



]
T1R



]





]





]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#(P
M

]
M






]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

#`L



]



]





2PS
C8L


M


]
M







C$L
#`P*3QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P


]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

]



M9&5R:79A=&EV97

@86UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




#`L





]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]








]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!I;B!C87-H/]T9#X-


]



]




]
T1T




]





]





]



]



]
T1T97AT




]



]



]




]




]




]


C
L
M
S`P+#`P







]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




#`L



]





]





]



]



]
T1R

@

]
T1T97AT



]
M





]





]





]





]



]

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


#`L




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M




]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M
T1T;W`^1&5B=!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C8T-RPT
34L


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C(S


]





]
T1N=6UP/C(Q

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]



]




]




C@L.#`P
M+#`P

]
M




]







]


M2G5L+B`S
2P@


S$L(#(P

@2&5D9VEN

S$L(#(P
3

@2&5D9VEN9R!)

S$L(#(P

@2&5D9VEN9R!);G-T


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/DYO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S($AE


\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/DYO=!$

3DL(#(P
30\8G(^




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#






]




]



]
T1R;SX-

]





]






]





]



]
T1N=6T^*#4X+#$Q

]
T1T


M1&YU;3XH.#0L






3$X

]
T1T




S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T
M-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO




M;B!$97)I=F%T:79E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@
M*#(U+#DS

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$Q+#

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P+#
V


]


]
M




L($=A

I(%M


]




]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#(R
2D\




]





]



]
T1N=6T^*#(U+#DS

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PS
M

M;3XH
3`L


]



]



M='

I(%M


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y


]










T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F










M97)I=F%T:79E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M


M
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$







]
M







]
T1N=6T^*#(U
M+#DS

M;G5M/B@Q
2PS





@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!396YI;W(@3F]T97



]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]



]

]




T0U/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-





M
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U
M7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W




^+RH@


M






T0S/C$R($UO;G1H


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


:6YE($ET96US

]




]

BPU
#`L
M



M;W1A;!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C(N



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@S-BPP




2PT-#@L



]





]

]
M











]
T1N=6UP/C$P



#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS


]

]
T1T



]



]




]




]

]






]

M1&YU;7`^
BPW
#`L

RPP
#`L

#`L


]

]
M




]

]


]

]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!\($=R;W5P(%1W;SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]



M(%M


]



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]







]




]
M




]




]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]





#`L


]


RPV
#`L


#`L


T1T;W`^4W1O


]



]
T1P

]



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT



]







]





]



]
T1P



]




]
M




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]






T1T;W`^/'-T




]


#`L
M




]




]




]








]


]




@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M97

T0S/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]








]
T1T


]
T1P








]
T1N=6UP/C$N
3




]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]









]


]








]


Q
S0V-C)D7S$R
M-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W







]




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

S$L(#(P
M




]




]





T1T;W`^


C8P+#`P





]

M;G5M/B@W
RPP


3(U+#`P





M1&YU;3XH
2PR
S4L







M
2PP


]
T1N=6UP/C@S-BPP
M




2PT-#@L



]



]




]



]




]
T1R


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V%N8V5L;&5D+!796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S



]





]



M;7`^)`S,XT








@
B!M;VYT:'
@


@.2!M;VYT:'
@



]



7,\<W!A
M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG-!Y


]



M



C





]



]
T1T

M7S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


M;'-P86X]


M

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9P@3G5M8F5R(&]F('-H



]
T1N=6T^*#




]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

\+W1D

]


]
T1R93X-




T1T;W`^3F]N=F5S
M=&5D(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!P97)I;V0L(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@



]




T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D


]









]
T1T97AT

Q
M
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W





]

T1)1#!%




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]





]









\

]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^5F5S


]




34P*3QS


T1T

S8V/'-P86X^


S@P



]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!P97)I;V0L(%=E:6=H





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$N






]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]


BXR



]


]

]




]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y.#QS

]
T1N=6UP



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%N8V5L;&5D+!.=6UB97(@;V8@


T1T

S$P/'-P86X^

C$X/'-P

3
\


]




]




]


M/D=R86YT960L(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A

2XV


]


M960L(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E('!E


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M97AT4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
-






M
38^
R!-;VYT:'

B!-;VYT:'

M;CTS1#(^2G5L+B`S
2P@



T0R/DIA;BX@
S$L(#(P
M

M1#(^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


S`L(#(P
3
\

M2F%N+B`S
2P@
C`Q

CY/8W0N(#


]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]



]


]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P-2PV
S
I/'-P







]


]




]
T1F

S
V*3QS





]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]



]

]



]
T1T



]



]


M;3XH
34Y+#DQ

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-BPS
M



]




]



]
T1T


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]



]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]

]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


]




]





]



]

\

]

]

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]

]

]


]

]
T1F;CX\

]


]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F





]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
P+#DY

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#$Q

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#`U



]



]


]
T1N

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#(Q

]




]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#`S



]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@Q


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(Q+#8Y


T1T;W`^0F%S
M:6




]

2XY

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



S










]

2XY

M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8N



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


M;CTS1#(S/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$













2!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4@=7-E9!T


3
L('=H:6-H(')E

N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&]V97)S=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE

M($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(&$@)#
N

M96YT(&]F('1H92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R+B!2

M960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='





]

]


T0Q/CD@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N



]

]

]

]

M;'-P86X]


M

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#


]
T1T

3DL(#(P
30\8G(^


]

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#




]




]






]

M


]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]








]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L-#4P+#`P

]
M

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M
#`L






]

]
T1T




]




]


M(&EN9'5C96UE;G0@9F5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]



]









]





]




'0O:'1M



]


M


#$T/&)R

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]





L(&)E9VEN

M(#0P
2PQ





]
T1N=6UP/C0P
2PQ


#
L
M


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86-Q=6ER960@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R/]T9#X-

]
M





]


]
T1N=6T^*#(L
#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P
2PQ

#
L

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]

M
S(X+#0Y

]




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1T
M;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='




L(&5N

M
S@L

M1&YU;7`^
S(X+#0Y


]


]
T1N=6UP/C



]





]



M-S(L-C


]



]





]




]



]
T1T



]


]





]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y
M9CAA86(V
#(W






]





S$L(#(P
3


@

]
M




M(#(V-BPV
#



M871E9!R96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S+!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO

]
T1N=6UP/C$U-RPX
S@\


]
T1N=6UP/C0S




T1T;W`^0G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97
L(&EM


S8L
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@8V]N=')A8W1S(&%N9!R96QA=&5D(')E;&%T:6]N



M1&YU;3XH

]
T1P



M4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S





T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]


]



]


]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]
T1T





]

]





]





T1T
M;W`^0G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XV/'-P



M
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U
M7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W




^+RH@


M







S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]
M

]
M






W+#



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




T1T;W`^4V5N:6]R($YO=&5S('P@3V%K=')E93PO=&0^

]







]
M






]



]


]

]


]
M

]
T1P







]



T1T
M;W`^5&5R;2!
;V%N($9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`S+#`X
CQS


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X
M86%B-C`R-S



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


@16YD960\+W1H

3XS($UO;G1H

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]

M
T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@

]



T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@





T0Q
M/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H




]

T0Q/C
@36]N

M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S




2!-;VYT:'







]

]

T0Q

M;'-P86X]
T0S/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

R!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]
T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



M
3DL(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R
M+B`S

]

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q.2P@



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


M:6QI='D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R

3DL(#(P
30\8G(^3V%K

#$T/&)R/D]A:W1R964\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
S$L(#(P

]

]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL
M(#(P

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q

C`Q

M3F]T97





]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S`L(#(P


C`Q

;VYD;VX@26YT97)B86YK($]F9F5R




3DL(#(P

M87


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#




+!A;F0@3F]T97,\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S,P@


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


S$L(#(P


S$L(#(P
3

M8BX@
3DL(#(P

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R.P@
C`Q



]


2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R960@
M0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/&)R/D]V97)S=&%T960\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/E-E8W5R960@0W)E
M9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/&)R/E-E8V]N9!!;65N9&UE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


#$T/&)R



#$T



M


M


]


3DL(#(P
30\8G(^04)
($9A

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^04)
($9A8VEL:71Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3DL(#(P
30\
M8G(^04)


M='D\8G(^4V-E;F%R:6\@


M($9U;F1S(%)A=&4\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1F5B+B`Q.2P@






M8V@@


C`Q.3QB

#$T






]



M36%R8V@@



34L(#(P
3@\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@



M26YV97-T;W(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@


M($1E8G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
M
2P@


#$T
M/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97





S$L(#(P
30\8G(^061D

]
M


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#





]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]









]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]
M




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L-34W+#`P



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
BPR
#`L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`S+#`X
BPP




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]



]



]




]



]
T1R93X-





]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]

]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^-3`P+#`P


]


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]



]
T1F;CX\


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

2PT
#`L
M


]
M



RPV
#`L




]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1T97AT



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M


#`L


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]










]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]
M

M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]


#`L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T


#`P+#`P


]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]






]


]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]

]
T1T97AT



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C(S-2PP
#`L

C`P+#`P



]



]





#`P+#`P


]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]


C4L
#`P+#`P


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T





]



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]


]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(S


]



]



]




]






]




]
T1T




]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
C`Q.2TP


]




]
T1T




]





]




]
T1T



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]


]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]



#QS

]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]






]

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#(P



]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]


M(&UO9&EF:6-A=&EO;B!I;F1U8V5M96YT(&9E93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


#`L


]



]

#`L



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]








]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
M

#`L

3`P+#`P


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]


#`P+#`P
#QS


]





]





]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C(W-BPP
#`L
#`P

M



]



]



]




]




]


]
T1T97AT



]
M



S(L
S`P+#`P





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#8P


]


]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#4P


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@S+#`P
M



]
T1T




]





]





]





]


#`L
#`P/'-P

C@L
M-C8P+#`P




2PV
#`L

Q+#`P
M

]
T1T




]





]





]

P


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]
T1T



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C0S+#(P



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]
T1F;CX\


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M
S8L-3`P+#`P




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C8L-S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8L.#`P+#`P



]




]



]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




M9VX]




]


]



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0P


]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


M
2PR
#`L



]
T1T97AT


C4X+#`P




]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C$R
2PR-C8L
#`P/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]



]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]










]
T1T




]


3`E(&]F($1I86UO;F3B@)ES(&]U='-T
M86YD:6YG(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@3V%K=')E92!W:6QL(&AA=F4@=&AE(')I
M9VAT('1O(&YO;6EN871E(&]N92!M96UB97(@;V8@1&EA;6]N9.*`F7
@0F]A


@=&AE(')I9VAT
M('1O(&YO;6EN871E(&$@;65M8F5R(&]F($1I86UO;F3B@)ES($)O87)D(&]F





2!P97)S;VX@=VET:!R97-P96-T('1O('9O=&EN9R!I='

M97
[('1A:V4@86YY(&%C=&EO;G
@=&AA=!C;W5L9!R96%S;VYA8FQY(&)E




M;G






]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]



]





]






]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]










]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M86QI9VX]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]






]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0W



]


M-3`N



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1T



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]




]




]
T1T




]





]







@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]





]





]





]



]



]
T1R


]




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]


]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
M




]



]



]






]



]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


24)/4B!2871E('-H86QL(&)E



@86=R964L('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M879A:6QA8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^
3`N






]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

]



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]

]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1T97AT




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M







]


#`N
#`E/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M









]


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N




]



]






]




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(U+#`P

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P











]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#`P

]
T1T




]


\


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



]




]







]

]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

C`P

]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]







]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


#`L



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]






]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]



]
T1R


]


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]

]
T1T97AT



]





]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M





]



]



]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]






]
M





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#


T1T

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
C

2PV-S




]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#DV

]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P









]
T1N
M=6UP/C(V+#



]





]



]
T1N=6UP


]



]

;V%N/]T9#X-B`@



]


]





M86QI9VX]


]


]
M




T1T;W`^3F]T97
\+W1D/@T*






]



]

]
T1T







]



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

Q
S0V-C)D
M7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W







]

T1)1#!%449!0SX-

]

M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M


T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L










]

]


B!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!R

;V%N($9A8VEL:71Y+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T
M9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970V-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1R

RPP




]



]




]



T1T;W`^1&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N

M92!396YI;W(@3F]T97




]


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]



]



]


T1T



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L



@
M+2!497)M($QO86XL($%3P@86YD($YO=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

]
M

M96)T(%M


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R
M-S



]





]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]



M9VX]




]
T1R

C0L

M;7`^
C@L






]

]


97-S(&EN=F5N


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C0L


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P



M



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

M

]


]
T1F;CX\


]

\




T1T;W`^4V5C=7)I

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]



]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


\+W1D/@T*



]

]

S



]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C(P

M
BPS



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M

M;7`^
BPP










M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T
M.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S
M-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O
M4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS


M2G5L+B`S
2P@

CY*=6PN(#






86YD(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E;65N='
\

]




]

]

]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!L96%S97


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0R


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
R


3@T+#`X


]

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L.3



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3



2`S
M
2P@
C`Q






]

M86X]

#$T

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]


]






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA
M-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M='
O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

T0Q/C
@36]N

M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M

S$L
M(#(P




M


]






C
L
M-#`P+#`P








2PV
#`L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@9V5N97)A;!A


]
T1N=6UP/C(S
RPS-S
L

3
P+#4Y.2PP



]
T1T97AT



]




]


2PR
#`L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=!R96QA




]





]




]



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/CDP



]




]




]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C
P




]





]




3
T
M-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04





S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@




]



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$U
BPS




C
L.#4R*3QS


]

]


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?
M-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970W
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L






3



]
T1N=6T^*#$V

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#
V





M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;CPO=&0^#0H@



T1T;W`^


]


]


Y


38L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97


^

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q





T1T;W`^4W1A='5T;W)Y(&9E


]
M



P




T1T;W`^3F5T(&9E9&5R86P@:6YC


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]








S@T+#0P



T1T;W`^0W5M=6QA=&EV92!S


34L-S`P+#`P








!B96YE9FET<RP@<&]T
M96YT:6%L(&)E;F5F:71S+!T:&%T(&EF(')E8V]G;FEZ960L('=O=6QD(&%F

#`L



M


M
3`P+#`P


S0L


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P

]

!B96YE9FET<RP@;6%X:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^
S`P+#`P






]



]



]
T1T97AT





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]




]




]



]
T1P




]


]


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B
M-C`R-S








S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




]
M

]
M


]


M:70@;V8@96%R;FEN9W



]
T1N=6T^*#DL





X




]


]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9I;F%N8VEN9R!R96QA=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






M;G5M/B@S+#
R

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0U






@








]

M+#
Y

38L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R
M9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S




M97%U:78]


]






]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#


]

]



SQS


M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^
3








]



:71I9V%T:6]N(%-E


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L

BPR





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4W1A=&4@5&%X($-R961I=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]

]



#0T



\+W1D/@T*



S`L.3@U/'-P86X^

97-S
M.B!686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








]







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
3$L
M

]


]
T1N=6T^*#@L.#(R*3QS


M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$R+#


M/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#8S


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
SDL-3
Q



]



M




38L


3(L-C(X

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3
R+#`X

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&YE

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q







T1T;W`^1&5F


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#
Q




T1T;W`^4W1A



]
T1T



]



]



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P


O4VAE970W-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


M0F5N969I='

L('5N


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




]










M9VX]


M;G5M/B@R+#
Y

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PR



]








]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
RPY


Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
PT*



]

M:60]


]

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#



]


]


M

;W-S($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]




]


]



]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



M
T1T;W`^3&ET:6=A=&EO;B!S971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D









T1T


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]




S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X
M835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

Z
M+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5.1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M86YC96QA8FQE($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB



T1T;W`^/'-T


]

]
T1N=6UP

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L





]

RPU

M=&]P/C(P



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X
M.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W




^


M1$E$
$5





@


S$L(#(P


@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97





T1T;W`^


]

]

#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]


]





S$S-#8V
F1?
M
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970X
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/E-E9VUE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]






]

]
M



M4&%R=%\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S








S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#

]


S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
M




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$Y+#`W


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(P+#4W-SQS

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DY+#@P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$W
M.2PW

M/3-$=&]P/E-N86-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T



M86QI9VX]




]





]




]




]
T1N=6UP/C0S-RPY-34\

M
C4L



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$U
BPQ
S

C@L



]




T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1T97AT



]
M






]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



Y


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T
M.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S
M-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O
M4VAE970X
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#


S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
2P@


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]











2PT
M

M=&]P/E-N86-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]



]



]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]





]


C4L
M


]
T1T97AT



]
M




M:6]N(%M


]



]


]


]





]


SQS



]





]




]


]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]




]



]
T1R93X-

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C
S






]



]



]





]
T1T



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]



T1T;W`^3F]N(%)E=&%I



]








]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1T97AT








]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T


]
M




]






]




2PX


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF
M.&%A8C8P



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


]

M86X]

#$T

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q

C`Q


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@


S$L(#(P




]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-


M(#(R






2PT


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






M(%M


]





]




]


]



]





]




]
T1T



]




]



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@




]



S0L-34W

M
30Q+#8W

]

]
T1T97AT



]
M








]



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]



]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A
M7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@;W1H97)W

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


M


BPR



]



M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(%M


]




]
T1N=6UP


]




]






S$S-#8V
F1?
M
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970X


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






CY*=6PN(#

T0R/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,3,\8G(^/]T

T1T;W`^06QL;W=A;F-E(&9O


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


:6YE($ET96US

]
T1F;CX\+W1D






]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@




]




]






]






]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]

]

M86QI9VX]




M(#0T+#8S

T0V/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@




@86YD+V]R(')E8V]V97)I97
N

Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T
M-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W






]

T1)1#!%3S1!1SX-B`@(`@(#QT

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
T1R:#X-








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L-C



]


]



M

@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#(P














]

2PV-C$\

M+#8U


]


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='


]


]
T1R;SX-

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#8W


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@

]
T1T97AT



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






T1T;W`^26YT

]
T1N=6UP

]

]

3



]
T1N=6T^*#(Y



M/3-$;G5M/B@X




M





T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y97(@

M


M

G(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X
M835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

Z
M+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$561$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO

S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


T1T



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





3


]
M

]
M


]


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]



I(%M


]






]



]
T1R


3QS

]



]




T1T;W`^

@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?
M-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W









M96UE;G0@4&QA;G



C@@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


3DL(#(P
3(\





]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0L
3`P+#`P

]



]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M+#`P







]




M9VX]


]



]




]

M:6)U=&EO;G


]







]


]



]





]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#
V



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX
#`L


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT

Q
M
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W





]

T1)1#!%


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


M;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0L



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;7`^
C0L


C$L



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF
M.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4&5R:6]D:6
@0F5N969I=!#;W-T(A);F-O;64I(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


T1T;W`^4&5N




]

]
T1T



]


]


]





]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L



]



]




]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
34U/'-P






M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]





T1T;W`^26YT97)E

]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]

]


]


Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T
M-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W






]

T1)1#!%5D)!13X-B`@(`@(#QT

M960@=&\@1&5T97)M:6YE($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]
T1T



M;G



M+C


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C












]

]
M

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#

M/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]




]


]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C@N


]



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF
M.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&4@87-S=6UE9!F;W(@;F5X=!Y96%R







]
T1N=6UP/C4N
#`E/'-P86X^

M('1H92!R871E(')E86-H97



]

#(X/'-P86X^


3
T-C8R9%\Q
M
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S

M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M92!0;VEN=!#:&%N9V4@:6X@07-S=6UE9!(96%L=&@@0V%R92!#;W-T(%1R
M96YD(%)A=&5S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#



]





M




M








]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#



M

M(%M


]






]

]



]










]




]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]




]


]


]
M

S(\




]

M:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


M

M(%M


]






T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@375T=6%L($9U;F1S('P@55

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(V/'-P86X^


]




]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



]





]


]





T1T;W`^





T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
2!\(%1O=&%L



]






T1T;W`^1F%I



]



]





T1T




]


M?!4;W1A;!-=71U86P@1G5N9'




]
T1T


\+W1D




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

979E
M;`R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^/]S

]





T1T





T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
B!\($-A




M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]






S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T
M-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W



M:G


M9#TS1$E$




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-S




M/C(P


T1T;W`^
C`Q




]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@



#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





T1T;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$R

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^,C`R,`M(#(P
C

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T
M7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N








T0S/C$R($UO;G1H



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]







]
M



]
T1R97!O


]

]


S$L(#(P



I(%M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1F





M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]

]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1N=6UP/C4S




5T\

]



]
T1N=6T^*#

]
T1N=6T^*#$S

]
T1R;SX-


RPV
S
\


]







]


]



M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1P

BPQ


]
M

]


M;B!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-C@I/'-P


]


]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1F

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L.38X*3QS

]



]


]
T1F;CX\


]




]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]






BPQ


]
T1F;CX\



]


]
T1T








S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T
M9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M.B\O+T
Z+S
Q
S0V-C)D7S$R-V%?-&0T-%\X.&$U7S0Y9CAA86(V
#(W
R]7





]






S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


]

M

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@
C`Q



T0R
M/DIA;BX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

2P@
C`Q


CY*=6PN(#

T0R/DIU





]


]



]


]












]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]


M


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#
R
M

M-3





]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#(S


C4L.3






C
P+#


M9VX]






]

]
T1F;CX\








#(I/'-P




]

]

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

RXV



]
T1N

]







T1T;W`^0F%S:6




M



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



2PY


2PX


2PW


2PW-3

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

S


2PX
3




M;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W





]

]
T1F;CX\

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
M

M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@
M*#8N
S


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#


]

M9'





]
T1I

C(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN


#$S('1O('-E='1L92!T:&4@



M

C`L(#(P
M
3


M;F=E(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S=&]C:R!S971T;&5M96YT




3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(')E8V]R9&5D('-E='1L96UE;G0@8V]S='

M
3$@=&\@=&AE($YO=&5S('1O('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L
M(%-T871E;65N='




M97


]










R+C
@;6EL




N



M(#


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M82`D
RXS(&UI;&QI;VX@=6YD97)S=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE(&EN8V]M92!T
M87@@8F5N969I=!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(N(%)E9F5R('1O($YO=&4@,2!T;R!T
M:&4@3F]T97,@=&\@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M

T1T;W`^6S5=/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
B!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S,3,T-C8R9%\Q,C=A7S1D-#1?
M.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S$S-#8V
F1?
3(W85\T9#0T7S@X835?-#EF.&%A8C8P

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5%3D%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



^
R!-
M;VYT:'


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


M;VYT:'




]

M86X]
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$T/&)R/E-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`Q.2P@

M;W(@3F]T97

3D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S

S`L(#(P


#$T/&)R
M/E-E8W5R:71I97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97
@3&ET:6=A

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97

#$T/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I
M97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]



#`L
#`P/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!I;B!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]





]

3$L
#`P+#`P




]




]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^
3(S+#
P


]

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

;W-S


]



]



]



T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'




]
T1N=6UP/C



#`P+#`P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]




]


BPS
#`L
#`P/'-P

S(L
M
S`P+#`P


]



;W-S(&]N(&1E8G0@97AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0\+W1D


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






]





]



]


#`L
M





]






]





]





M;B!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@9'5E('1O(&-H86YG92!I;B!S=&%T=71O

]
M




]





]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\S
3
T-C8R9%\Q
C=A7S1D-#1?.#AA-5\T.68X86%B-C`R-S
O5V]R


M;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M

T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z


M
T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S8N

M/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970X-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DU+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

T0B4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM

`
end











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

391
        

278)
        

723
        


        

856)
        

633)
        

060)
        

153)
        

741)
        

582)
        

141
        

729)
        

702)
        

911)
        

336)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

993
        

119
        

052
        

954
        

905
        

819
        

781
        

753
        

033
        

813
        

692
        


        

993
        

119
        

052
        

954
        

905
        

819
        

215
        

753
        

033
        

813
        

692
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

957)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

232)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

813
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

813
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

321)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

321
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

278)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

911)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

813
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

813
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 the Company refinanced its debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree's warrant exercise to (1) prepay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit Facility
 (2) prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior Notes



              

 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July 31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability balance at July 31



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
        


 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below for
 fiscal:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Average expected life
 in
 years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Risk-free interest
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        


 table summarizes stock option activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Price Per Share
 
 
 

 Contractual Life
 
 
 
 Intrinsic&#xA0;Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In
 years)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78
551
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
2
079
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(1
235
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
1
457
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
757
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
1
496
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
078
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
1
448
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
220
 

 

Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
674
 


 


        
        


 Company&#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2014 are summarized
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Nonvested at July 31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Nonvested at July 31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is summarized as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Restricted
 Stock
 
 
Restricted Stock
 Units
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments for fiscal 2014 and
 fiscal 2013 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Liability
 Derivatives

 
 
 
Fair
 Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Derivatives not designated
 as hedging instruments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Commodity
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
147
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
118
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total
 derivatives

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
118
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Derivatives

 Designated
 

 
 
 in Income on Derivative
 
Amount of Income

 Recognized in Income on
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Commodity
 contracts

 
Selling
&#xA0;general&#xA0;and&#xA0;administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
Loss on warrant
 liability
 
 
(25
933
 
 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
(26
658
 
 
 
(11
570
 
 
 
(10
221
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 is a reconciliation of the warrant liability activity
 measured at
 fair value based on Level 3 inputs in fiscal year 2014 and
 2013:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Warrant
 Liability
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Beginning
 Balance

 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 

 

Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Included in
 earnings

 
 
(25
933
 
 
 
(11
326
 

 

Purchases
 issuances
 sales
 and settlements Settlements

 
 
84
080
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Ending
 Balance

 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
147
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total amount of gains or
 (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still
 held at the reporting date

 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
326
 


 


        
        


 table presents the carrying value and fair value of outstanding
 Oaktree Senior Notes as of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 and July&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
121
266
 
 
 
150
295
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89
660
 
 
 
75
147
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets)
 and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 identification of terms
 features
 and collateral requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

007
        
        
        
        
        


        

994
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

626
        
        
        

684)
        


        

633
        

007
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

122)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

490)
        
        
        
        
        


        

968)
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

485
        
        
        
        
        


        

116
        
        
        
        
        


        

116
        
        
        
        
        


        

601
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 2013
 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Vested
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Number of shares
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Granted
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Vested
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Number of shares
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Number of shares
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Weighted average grant date fair value per share
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



















        

902

518
        
        


        

054)

352)
        
        


        

633

007
        
        


        

800

969

794

495


        

192
834

172
315
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        

767
        
        


        
        

673)
        
        


        
        

079
        
        


        
        

720
        
        


        
        

172
315
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        

249)
        
        


        
        

321
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

249
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        

518
        
        


        
        

352)
        
        


        
        

007
        
        


        
        

969
        
        


        
        

172
315
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 



Less: income allocated to
 participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &#x2014; basic

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 



Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Less: undistributed income
 reallocated to participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &#x2014; diluted

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average shares
 outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
26
033
 
 
 
21
813
 
 
 
21
692
 

 

Dilutive shares &#x2014;
 stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Weighted average shares
 outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
26
033
 
 
 
21
813
 
 
 
21
692
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss per share attributable
 to common shareholders (1):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance as of
 August&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
403
158
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
403
158
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Goodwill acquired during
 the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Impairment
 losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Translation
 adjustments

 
 
(2
033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2
033
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance as of July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Balance as of
 August&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Goodwill acquired during
 the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Impairment
 losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Translation
 adjustments

 
 
9
595
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
595
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance as of July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
338
085
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
410
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
338
085
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
410
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):

 
 
266
603
 
 
 
297
577
 

 

Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
163
600
 
 
 
157
838
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total other intangible
 assets
 gross

 
 
430
203
 
 
 
455
415
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
(37
845
 
 
 
(29
771
 



Less asset
 impairments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Brand
 intangibles

 
 
 
 
 
 
(36
000
 



Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
560
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total other intangible
 assets
 net

 
 
392
358
 
 
 
388
084
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



Stock issued
 shares
        
        
        

450
000

450
000


Warrants to purchase common stock
 issued

400
000

420
859

420
859
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 outstanding as of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
 
 
 
 
369
454
 

 

Oaktree Senior
 Notes

 
 
 
 
 
 
210
926
 



 

 
 
8
333
 
 
 
10
557
 

 

 

 
 
6
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
230
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

Term Loan Facility
 net

 
 
403
082
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
647
415
 
 
 
590
937
 

 

Less: current
 portion

 
 
(10
088
 
 
 
(5
860
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total long-term
 debt

 
 
637
327
 
 
 
585
077
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 expense for fiscal 2014
 2013
&#xA0;&amp; 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
14
455
 
 
 
29
811
 
 
 
27
857
 

 

 

 
 
18
510
 
 
 
26
375
 
 
 
6
163
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
672
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Term Loan
 Facility

 
 
9
897
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Capitalized
 interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
673
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
452
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Interest expense
 net

 
 
51
969
 
 
 
57
925
 
 
 
33
976
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 maturities of long-term debt as of July&#xA0;31
 2014 are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
6
486
 

 

 

 
 
6
604
 



 

 
 
6
729
 

 

 

 
 
5
114
 



 

 
 
626
325
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
651
258
 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Balance represents
 principal maturities and does not include contra-debt liabilities
 associated with the Term Loan Facility.


 


        
        


 extinguishment for fiscal 2014 is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



Call premium &#x2014;
 Oaktree Notes

 
 
28
660
 

 

Difference between
 reacquisition price and carrying value&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Oaktree
 Notes

 
 
41
631
 



Unamortized transaction
 costs &#x2014; Oaktree

 
 
8
635
 

 

Unamortized transaction
 costs &#x2014; Secured Credit Facility

 
 
2
011
 



New transaction costs
 &#x2014; Term Loan
 ABL
High Yield Notes

 
 
2
067
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss on debt
 extinguishment

 
 
83
004
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 interest income and expense from investments
 loans
 and securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amount of gain (loss)
 the income tax effect and the per share amount of the aggregate gain (loss)
 net of the related income tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

070

892

577

668

801

905

844

462

207

012

418



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736

955

175



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

810

133

577



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736

955

175



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

074

178

402



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

397

879

841



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

558

993

208



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

839

886

633




        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 accumulated other comprehensive income for fiscal 2014 by component
 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 Adjustment
 
 
 


 Adjustment
 
 
 
 



Balance as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
485
 
 
 
4
007
 

 

Other comprehensive
 income (loss) before reclassifications

 
 
(2
122
 
 
 
22
116
 
 
 
19
994
 



Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Amortization of prior
 (gain)/loss included in net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net other comprehensive
 income (loss)

 
 
(2
490
 
 
 
22
116
 
 
 
19
626
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Balance as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
(1
968
 
 
 
25
601
 
 
 
23
633
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 maximum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Components of Loss Before Income Taxes
 by Tax Jurisdiction (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

026)

337)

182)


        

285)

852)

431)


        

311)

189)

613)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

318

885


Trade receivables
 net

505

202


Inventories
 net

273

456


        

154
        


        

196
        


        

425

562


        

871

105


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

891

225


        

720

125


Other intangible assets
 net

358

084


        

994

776


        

192
834

172
315


        
        
        


Current portion of long-term debt
 net

088

860


        
        

147


        

677

542


        

784

096


        

549

645


Long-term obligations
 net

327

077


        

902

518


        

256

106


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5
000
000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100
000
000 shares; 31
824
701 and 22
766
759 shares issued
 31
380
758 and 22
376
406 shares outstanding at July 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
        
        


Treasury stock
 at cost: 443
943 and 390
353 shares at July 31
 2014 and 2013

418)

019)


        

608

310


        

633

007


        

054)

352)


        

800

969


        

192
834

172
315




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

702)

911)

336)


        
        
        
        


        

024

733)

661


        

260)

261

291)



          

        
        
        


        
        

232)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

412)
        


        
        

261
        



          

        
        
        


        
        

321
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

321
        



          

        
        
        


        
        

911)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

733)
        


        
        

261
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


One Percentage Point Increase
 Effect on total of service and interest cost
        


One Percentage Point Increase
 Effect on post-retirement benefit obligation
        


One Percentage Point Decrease
 Effect on total of service and interest cost
        


One Percentage Point Decrease
 Effect on post-retirement benefit obligation
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Foreign currency translation adjustments
 tax expense (benefit)

000)
        


Change in pension liabilities
 tax expense (benefit)
        
        


Gains and losses on derivatives
 tax expense (benefit)
        

000)




        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Goodwill gross
 beginning balance

125

158
        


Goodwill
 beginning balance

125

158
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

595

033)
        


Goodwill gross
 ending balance

720

125

158


Goodwill
 ending balance

720

125

158



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill gross
 beginning balance

490
        
        


Goodwill
 beginning balance

490
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

595

033)
        


Goodwill gross
 ending balance

085

490
        


Goodwill
 ending balance

085

490
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill gross
 beginning balance

635
        
        


Goodwill
 beginning balance

635
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill gross
 ending balance

635

635
        


Goodwill
 ending balance

635

635
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a
h)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Components of Loss from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes
 by Tax Jurisdiction
        


 of loss before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows
 for the fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
(142
026
 
 
 
(152
337
 
 
 
(65
182
 

 

 

 
 
(20
285
 
 
 
(23
852
 
 
 
(19
431
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(162
311
 
 
 
(176
189
 
 
 
(84
613
 


 


        
        


 expense/(benefit) consisted of the following for the fiscal years
 ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
379
 
 
 
(2
388
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
363
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
545
 
 
 
(6
938
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
843
 
 
 
(9
231
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
624
 



 

 
 
(1
258
 
 
 
(4
762
 
 
 
(4
195
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
024
 
 
 
(14
733
 
 
 
8
661
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total tax
 provision

 
 
2
391
 
 
 
(16
278
 
 
 
1
723
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

A reconciliation of the
 statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to Diamond&#x2019;s
 effective income tax rate is as follows for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31:

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Federal tax at statutory
 rate

 
 
(56
809
 
 
 
(61
666
 
 
 
(29
615
 

 

State tax
 net of federal
 benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
580
 



Net tax benefit of
 earnings at lower rates

 
 
(9
756
 
 
 
(9
106
 
 
 
(9
727
 

 

Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
458
 
 
 
(6
382
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Stock settlement of
 QSF

 
 
1
729
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Financing
 related

 
 
17
955
 
 
 
7
610
 
 
 
7
582
 

 

Impact of tax law
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
321
 
 
 
(2
453
 



Changes in
 estimates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Changes in valuation
 allowance

 
 
47
682
 
 
 
52
124
 
 
 
31
937
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
2
391
 
 
 
(16
278
 
 
 
1
723
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise
 to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as
 of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Deferred tax
 assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
103
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
053
 
 
 
1
952
 



 

 
 
2
629
 
 
 
2
085
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 
36
654
 

 

Retirement
 Benefits

 
 
2
381
 
 
 
2
222
 



 

 
 
5
934
 
 
 
5
194
 

 

Other Comprehensive
 Income

 
 
1
563
 
 
 
 
 



State Tax
 Credits

 
 
7
865
 
 
 
8
346
 

 

Net Operating
 Losses

 
 
148
401
 
 
 
72
044
 



 

 
 
1
914
 
 
 
1
136
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total gross deferred tax
 assets

 
 
178
125
 
 
 
130
985
 



Less: Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(150
845
 
 
 
(99
306
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Deferred tax assets
 net of
 valuation allowance

 
 
27
280
 
 
 
31
679
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Deferred tax
 liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Transaction
 Costs

 
 
(2
875
 
 
 
(2
541
 



 

 
 
(116
867
 
 
 
(111
259
 

 

Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
813
 



Unremitted Foreign
 Earnings

 
 
(8
822
 
 
 
(7
602
 

 

 

 
 
(9
337
 
 
 
(12
365
 



 

 
 
(1
630
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred tax
 liabilities

 
 
(139
531
 
 
 
(138
328
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total net deferred tax
 liabilities

 
 
(112
251
 
 
 
(106
649
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fed deferred tax
 assets

 
 
20
467
 
 
 
5
285
 

 

Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(16
313
 
 
 
(8
416
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total current net deferred
 tax assets

 
 
4
154
 
 
 
(3
131
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

State deferred tax
 assets

 
 
1
947
 
 
 
 
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(2
451
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total current net deferred
 tax liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net deferred tax
 assets

 
 
16
179
 
 
 
(12
628
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(132
081
 
 
 
(90
890
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total long-term net
 deferred tax liability

 
 
(115
902
 
 
 
(103
518
 


 


        
        


 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance
 beginning of
 year

 
 
3
544
 
 
 
3
927
 
 
 
14
260
 

 

Tax position related to
 current year:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax positions related to
 prior years:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
125
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(1
080
 
 
 
(2
392
 
 
 
(11
210
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Statute of limitations
 closures

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance
 end of
 year

 
 
2
960
 
 
 
3
544
 
 
 
3
927
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        
        


        

486
        


        

604
        


        

729
        


        

114
        


        

325
        


        
        
        


        

258
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

(13)
 Valuation Reserves and Qualifying Accounts

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 of Period
 
 
 


 Expenses
 
 
 

 Reserves&#xA0;(1)
 
 
 
 Period
 



Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
44
632
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
632
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
44
632
 
 
 
54
674
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99
306
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
99
306
 
 
 
51
539
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
150
845
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.


 




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Operating
 Leases
 
 
 



 

 
 
4
683
 

 

 

 
 
4
054
 



 

 
 
3
730
 

 

 

 
 
3
597
 



 

 
 
3
518
 

 

 

 
 
8
508
 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
28
090
 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Capital
 Leases
 
 
 



 

 
 
3
195
 

 

 

 
 
3
195
 



 

 
 
3
108
 

 

 

 
 
1
503
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



Total minimum
 payments

 
 
12
466
 

 

Less amount representing
 interest

 
 
(1
540
 


 
 

 


 

 



Present value of capital
 lease obligations

 
 
10
926
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified








          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

369



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

(15)
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)


 components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to the Company are foreign currency translation
 adjustments and changes in pension liabilities. Approximately a
 $0.4 million loss
 $0.5&#xA0;million gain
 and $0.7 million gain
 was reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) and into income for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012
 respectively. These amounts were reclassified into Selling
 general and administrative expenses and Costs of goods sold in the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.

 &#xA0;


 accumulated other comprehensive income for fiscal 2014 by component
 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 Adjustment
 
 
 


 Adjustment
 
 
 
 



Balance as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
485
 
 
 
4
007
 

 

Other comprehensive
 income (loss) before reclassifications

 
 
(2
122
 
 
 
22
116
 
 
 
19
994
 



Amounts reclassified from
 accumulated other comprehensive income:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Amortization of prior
 (gain)/loss included in net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net other comprehensive
 income (loss)

 
 
(2
490
 
 
 
22
116
 
 
 
19
626
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Balance as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
(1
968
 
 
 
25
601
 
 
 
23
633
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        
        


        

673

833
        


        
        

129
        


        

364

087
        


        

638

883
        


        

706

160
        


        

336
        
        


        

620

306
        


        

340

035
        


        

677

542
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include attorneys' fees and other litigation costs
 which is expected to be paid within one year of the date of the statement of financial position.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Jul. 31
 2011
        

495
        
        

867)

734

878

728


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2011
        
        
        

049
636
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

554
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

947
        
        
        
        


        
        

206
        
        
        

206
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

896)
        
        
        
        


        
        

948)
        
        

948)
        
        
        


        
        

983)
        
        
        
        

983)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

336)
        
        
        
        

336)
        


        
        

920)
        
        
        
        
        

920)


        
        

345)
        
        
        
        
        

345)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

020)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jul. 31
 2012
        

794
        
        

815)

984

559

044


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2012
        
        
        

114
241
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

231
        
        
        
        


        
        

097
        
        
        

097
        
        


        
        
        
        

011
        
        
        
        


        
        

230
        
        
        

229
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

077)
        
        
        
        


        
        

204)
        
        

204)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

911)
        
        
        
        

911)
        


        
        

841
        
        
        
        
        

841


        
        

878)
        
        
        
        
        

878)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

948)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jul. 31
 2013
        

969
        
        

019)

310

352)

007


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2013
        
        
        

376
406
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        

837
        
        
        
        


        
        

268
        
        
        

268
        
        


        
        
        
        

246
        
        
        
        


        
        

484
        
        
        

484
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

590)
        
        
        
        


        
        

399)
        
        

399)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

870
859
        
        
        
        


        
        

554
        
        
        

546
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

702)
        
        
        
        

702)
        


        
        

490)
        
        
        
        
        

490)


        
        

116
        
        
        
        
        

116


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

076)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jul. 31
 2014
        

800
        
        

418)

608

054)

633


Balance (in shares) at Jul. 31
 2014
        
        
        

380
758
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 and 2012



              

 for fiscal 2014
 and 2013



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 Other
 Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock
 and paid-in-kind (PIK) dividends declared
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

824
701

766
759


Common stock
 shares outstanding

380
758

376
406


Treasury stock
 shares

943

353




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
(8) Property
 Plant and
 Equipment


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Land and
 improvements

 
 
11
622
 
 
 
9
823
 

 

Buildings and
 improvements

 
 
59
260
 
 
 
56
745
 



Machinery
 equipment and
 software

 
 
217
159
 
 
 
214
294
 

 

Construction in
 progress

 
 
16
368
 
 
 
2
024
 



 

 
 
16
678
 
 
 
14
420
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
321
087
 
 
 
297
306
 



Less accumulated
 depreciation

 
 
(184
088
 
 
 
(163
145
 

 

Less accumulated
 amortization

 
 
(5
108
 
 
 
(1
936
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net

 
 
131
891
 
 
 
132
225
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Gross amounts of assets
 recorded under capital leases represent machinery
 equipment and
 software as of July&#xA0;31
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013.




 2014
 2013 and 2012
 depreciation expense was $23.4 million
 $25.6
 million and $20.3 million
 respectively.


 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility.
 Refer to Note 9 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility
 closure.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

147

203


        

147

203


        

817

787




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

378
258
        


        
        
        

721
276




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
9) Fishers Facility
 Closure


 October&#xA0;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its
 manufacturing operations within the Nuts reportable segment
 and to
 close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing
 equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&#x2019;s facility
 in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset
 impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers
 equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair
 value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a
 combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.
 Within selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the Company
 recorded severance expenses of $1.2 million related to Fishers
 employees in fiscal 2013 and made payments of $1.0&#xA0;million
 related to severance expenses in fiscal 2013.

 &#xA0;


 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold and
 building improvement assets at the Fishers facility to correspond
 with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded additional
 depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses. In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment
 charge of $1.6 million
 within asset impairments in the
 Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of Operations
 associated
 with customer contracts and related relationships. This impairment
 charge represented a write down of the total net book value of the
 intangible asset as of April&#xA0;30
 2013
 within the Nuts
 reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized in
 conjunction with the Fishers facility closure because certain
 products were no longer being produced and therefore would not
 generate future cash flows after the closure of this facility. In
 fiscal 2013
 the Company also classified approximately $0.7 million
 of assets as held for sale. The Company sold these assets in fiscal
 2013 for a gain of $0.3 million.


 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded an additional charge
 of $4.9 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease
 obligations in the third quarter of fiscal 2013 when the cease-use
 date occurred
 within Selling
 general and administrative expenses.
 This charge included an estimate of sublease rental income. The
 future cash lease and maintenance related payments made by the
 Company will reduce this liability. In the second quarter of fiscal
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement to sublease a portion
 of the Fishers facility. Accordingly
 the Company updated the
 assumptions used to arrive at the Fishers facility future lease
 obligation for the sublease rental income and determined no
 adjustment was considered necessary to the liability that was
 originally recorded in fiscal 2013.


 2014 the Company has outstanding $3.4 million associated with the
 Fishers facility future lease obligation. As of July&#xA0;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers facility was complete.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

195


        

195


        

108


        

503


        
        


        
        


        

466


        

540)


        

926




        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2012






 2012


 Former Chief Executive Officer

          



Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Postretirement Benefits [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

100
000

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

665
        


        

364
000

087
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000


        

100
000

800
000

800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 representing the total value of fiscal 2010 and 2011 bonuses and the vested shares of Company common stock awarded after fiscal 2010.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

207
        

012
        

418
        


        

961
        

489
        

697
        


        

246
        

523
        

721
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative

315
        

373
        

599
        


        

336
        

528
        

933
        


        
        
        
        
        

334
        


        

933
        

326
        

360
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

560
        

132
        


        

584
        

787
        

358
        


        

338)
        

264)
        

637)
        


        

004
        
        
        
        
        


Interest expense
 net

969
        

925
        

976
        


        

311)
        

189)
        

613)
        


        

391
        

278)
        

723
        


        

702)
        

911)
        

336)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

033
        

813
        

692
        


        

033
        

813
        

692
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
        
(3) Equity Offering and
 Stock-Based Compensation


 uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help align employee and
 director incentives with stockholders&#x2019; interests. The 2005
 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#x201C;Plan&#x201D;) was approved in
 March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options
 restricted
 stock
 stock bonuses
 restricted stock units
 and stock
 appreciation rights. The Compensation Committee of the Board of
 Directors administers the Plan. A total of 2
500
000 shares of
 common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan
 and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan is
 increased by an amount equal to 2% of the Company&#x2019;s total
 outstanding shares as of July&#xA0;31 each year.


 the
 Company began granting shares of restricted stock and stock options
 under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest over three
 four or five-year periods. The stock options expire in ten years
 and vest over three
 four or five years. As of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 options to purchase 1
495
791 shares of common stock were
 outstanding
 of which 835
518 were exercisable. At July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had 1
514
563 shares available for future grant
 under the Plan.




 requires the recognition of compensation expense in an amount equal
 to the fair value of share-based awards. Beginning with the
 Company&#x2019;s adoption of ASC 718 in August 2005
 the fair value
 of all stock options granted subsequent to August&#xA0;1
 2005 is
 recognized as an expense in the Company&#x2019;s statement of
 operations
 typically over the related vesting period of the
 options. The guidance requires use of fair value computed at the
 date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value of
 restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based compensation
 expense over the vesting period
 generally three
 four or five
 years from date of grant or award. The Company recorded total
 stock-based compensation expense of $7.5 million
 $4.1 million
 and
 $9.2 million for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.

Stock
 The fair value of each stock option grant
 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
 valuation model. Expected stock price volatilities were estimated
 based on the Company&#x2019;s implied historical volatility. The
 expected term of options granted is based on the simplified method
 due to the lack of historical Company information. Forfeiture rates
 were based on assumptions and historical data to the extent it is
 available. The risk-free rates were based on U.S. Treasury yields
 in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes of this valuation
 model
 dividends are based on the historical rate.


 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below for
 fiscal:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Average expected life
 in
 years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Risk-free interest
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 table summarizes stock option activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 

 Price Per Share
 
 
 

 Contractual Life
 
 
 
 Intrinsic&#xA0;Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(In
 years)
 
 
(In
 thousands)
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 
1
771
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78
551
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
2
079
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(1
235
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
1
457
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
757
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
1
496
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
078
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
1
448
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
220
 

 

Exercisable at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
674
 




 average grant date fair value of options granted during fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $12.29
 $7.81
 and $28.50
 respectively.
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $0.6 million
 $0.3 million and $0.1 million
 respectively. The total fair value of options vested during fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was $3.6 million
 $5.4 million and $4.8
 million
 respectively.

 &#xA0;


 Company&#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2014 are summarized
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Nonvested at July 31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Nonvested at July 31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $6.0 million of total unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to nonvested stock
 options
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
 period of 2.2&#xA0;years. Cash received from option exercises was
 $1.3 million
 $2.0 million and $43 thousand for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.

 Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 is summarized as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Restricted
 Stock
 
 
Restricted Stock
 Units
 

 
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 
 
 
 Shares
 
 
 


 Per Share
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2011

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 




 intrinsic value of restricted stock vested in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012 was $2.7 million
 $3.0 million and $7.6 million
 respectively.


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $5.3 million of unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to non-vested
 restricted stock awards
 which is expected to be recognized over a
 weighted average period of 2.4&#xA0;years. As of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 there was $4.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost net
 of forfeitures related to non-vested restricted stock units
 which
 is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9
 years. Cash received to settle stock awards were $100
 $400
 $100
 for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(2) Financial
 Instruments




 Diamond closed an agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with
 an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
 (&#x201C;Oaktree&#x201D;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted
 of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes (&#x201C;Oaktree Senior
 Notes&#x201D;) and a warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock (the &#x201C;Warrant Shares&#x201D;). The warrant was
 issued to Oaktree in connection with the Securities Purchase
 Agreement dated May&#xA0;22
 2012 (&#x201C;Securities Purchase
 Agreement&#x201D;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior
 Notes. The warrant was accounted for as a derivative liability and
 was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and
 losses recorded in net income. On February&#xA0;9
 2014
 Diamond
 entered into a warrant exercise agreement with Oaktree (the
 &#x201C;Warrant Exercise Agreement&#x201D;)
 which closed on
 February&#xA0;19
 2014
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to
 exercise the warrant to purchase the Warrant Shares
 by paying
 in
 cash
 the exercise price of approximately $44.2 million less a cash
 exercise and contractual modification inducement fee of $15 million
 (the &#x201C;Warrant Exercise Transaction&#x201D;). The Company
 re-measured the warrant at fair value on February&#xA0;18
 2014
 the day prior to the completion of the refinancing transaction
 and
 recorded a loss of $2.0 million on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated
 Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. For
 fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a total loss of $25.9 million
 associated with the changes in fair value of the warrant liability.
 As a result of the warrant exercise
 the Company no longer has a
 liability associated with the warrant as of July&#xA0;31
 2014. See
 Note 4 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 the impact to the Company&#x2019;s calculation of earnings per share
 as a result of the issuance of these shares.


 the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement
 in
 accordance with Company policy
 to mitigate the impact of
 LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability.
 This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and
 was entered into to mitigate the interest rate impact of the
 Company&#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company accounts for
 the interest rate cap as a non-hedging derivative. On July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the interest rate cap agreement expired.


 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity
 derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company policy to
 mitigate the market price risk associated with the anticipated raw
 material purchase requirements
 specifically to mitigate the market
 price risk of future corn purchases expected to be made by the
 Company. This agreement had a total notional amount of
 approximately $0.3 million. These corn call options were sold as of
 the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company accounts for
 commodity derivatives as non-hedging derivatives.


 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn call options
 commodity derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income
 associated with this sale was $0.1 million.


 2014
 the Company purchased an additional 164 corn call option
 commodity derivatives. This purchase is in accordance with Company
 policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the
 anticipated raw material purchase requirements. Specifically to
 mitigate the market price risk of future corn purchases expected to
 be made by the Company. This agreement had a total notional amount
 of approximately $0.3 million. The Company accounts for commodity
 derivatives as non-hedging derivatives. In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2014
 the Company sold 64 corn call option commodity
 derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income associated
 with this sale was $0.1 million. As of July
 31
 2014
 the Company
 had 100 corn call option commodity derivatives
 outstanding.


 of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments for fiscal 2014 and
 fiscal 2013 were as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Liability
 Derivatives

 
 
 
Fair
 Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Derivatives not designated
 as hedging instruments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Commodity
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
147
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
118
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total
 derivatives

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
118
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Derivatives

 Designated
 

 
 
 in Income on Derivative
 
Amount of Income

 Recognized in Income on
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Commodity
 contracts

 
Selling
&#xA0;general&#xA0;and&#xA0;administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
Loss on warrant
 liability
 
 
(25
933
 
 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
(26
658
 
 
 
(11
570
 
 
 
(10
221
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be
 measured using the following three levels of inputs:

:
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or
 liabilities

:
 Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are
 corroborated by market data

:
 Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market
 data
Assets and Liabilities
 Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 there were no cash equivalents. The
 Company&#x2019;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis was $11 thousand as of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 and $29 thousand as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. The Company values
 the commodity derivatives using Level 2 inputs. The notional amount
 of commodity contracts is calculated utilizing the number of
 contracts
 as measured in bushels
 multiplied by the price of corn
 per bushel obtained from the Chicago Mercantile
 Exchange.


 the Company obtained preliminary approval to settle the action

 Securities Litigation
 (&#x201C;Securities Settlement&#x201D;). Pursuant to the terms of the
 Securities Settlement
 the Company agreed to pay a total of $11.0
 million in cash and issue 4.45&#xA0;million shares of common stock
 to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased
 the Company&#x2019;s stock between October&#xA0;5
 2010 and February
 2012. The stock portion of the Securities Settlement was recorded
 within Accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 as a liability and
 was re-measured at fair value each reporting period with gains and
 losses recorded in net income until the settlement became
 effective. The stock portion of the Company&#x2019;s Securities
 Settlement was measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The
 Company had elected to use the market approach to value the stock
 portion of the Securities Settlement. The valuation was considered
 Level 1 due to the use of quoted prices in an active market for
 identical assets at the measurement date. The court issued an order
 granting final approval of the Securities Settlement on
 January&#xA0;21
 2014
 and the appeal period expired on
 February&#xA0;20
 2014
 at which time the Securities Settlement
 became effective. The value of the 4.45&#xA0;million shares of
 common stock as of February&#xA0;20
 2014 was $123.3 million
 $85.1
 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2013
 and was recorded in Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 In fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million as a
 result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement
 derecognized the liability and insurance receivable associated with
 the Securities Settlement
 and on February&#xA0;21
 2014
 issued
 the 4.45&#xA0;million shares to a settlement fund. See Note 4 to
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact
 to the Company&#x2019;s calculation of earnings per share as a
 result of the issuance of these shares.


 performed a final re-measurement of its warrant liability on
 February&#xA0;18
 2014 as result of the Warrant Exercise
 Transaction. The warrant liability measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis was nil as of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 $84.1 million as
 of February&#xA0;18
 2014
 and $58.1 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. The Company had elected to use the income approach to value
 the warrant liability and used the Black-Scholes option valuation
 model. This valuation was considered Level 3 due to the use of
 certain unobservable inputs. Inputs into the Black-Scholes model
 included: remaining term
 stock price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected volatility. The significant Level 3
 unobservable inputs previously used in the valuation were expected
 volatility and the probability to exchange $75 million of the
 senior notes for convertible preferred stock upon achievement of
 certain profitability targets (the &#x201C;Special
 Redemption&#x201D;). The expected volatility used to measure the
 warrant liability at fair value was 45.0% and 45.6% as of
 February&#xA0;18
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively. As
 provided in the Oaktree agreements
 based on the Company&#x2019;s
 operating results for the six months ended January&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption did not occur. As such
 the probability of
 Special Redemption was not applicable for the warrant liability
 valuations performed as of February&#xA0;18
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013.


 is a reconciliation of the warrant liability activity
 measured at
 fair value based on Level 3 inputs in fiscal year 2014 and
 2013:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Warrant
 Liability
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Beginning
 Balance

 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 

 

Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Included in
 earnings

 
 
(25
933
 
 
 
(11
326
 

 

Purchases
 issuances
 sales
 and settlements Settlements

 
 
84
080
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Ending
 Balance

 
 
 
 
 
 
(58
147
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total amount of gains or
 (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still
 held at the reporting date

 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
326
 

 

 &#xA0;
Assets and Liabilities
 Disclosed at Fair Value


 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the 7.000%
 Senior Notes (the &#x201C;Notes&#x201D;) issued during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014. The Company measured the $230.0 million
 Notes based on level 3 inputs
 and determined the fair value was
 $228.8&#xA0;million as of July&#xA0;31
 2014. The fair value was
 estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology with
 unobservable inputs including the market yield and redemption date.
 The discounted cash flow used a risk adjusted yield to present
 value the contractual cash flows. Refer to Note 6 to the Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the
 Notes.


 the refinancing
 the total indebtedness outstanding under the
 Oaktree Senior Notes was paid in full in the third quarter of
 fiscal 2014. See Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information regarding the refinancing
 transaction.


 table presents the carrying value and fair value of outstanding
 Oaktree Senior Notes as of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 and July&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
121
266
 
 
 
150
295
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
89
660
 
 
 
75
147
 

 


 of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach.
 The discounted cash flow approach used a risk adjusted yield to
 present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The fair
 value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the fair
 value measurement hierarchy.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(14) Retirement
 Plans


 provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors one defined benefit
 pension plan. The defined benefit plan is a qualified plan covering
 all bargaining unit employees. Diamond uses a July&#xA0;31
 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are held in trust and
 primarily include mutual funds and money market accounts. Any
 employee who joined the Company after January&#xA0;15
 1999 is not
 entitled to retiree medical benefits. The nonqualified plan was
 terminated in fiscal 2013 and all benefits were distributed in
 December 2012. There are no obligations as of July&#xA0;31
 2014.


 the Company determined that the defined benefit pension plan for
 the bargaining unit employees would be frozen at July&#xA0;31
 2010
 in conjunction with the execution of a new union contract. This
 amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 715

 Benefits


 funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&#xA0;31
 were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Benefit Obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year

 
 
21
203
 
 
 
30
637
 
 
 
1
758
 
 
 
1
996
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial loss
 (gain)

 
 
2
590
 
 
 
(4
366
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Benefit obligation at end
 of year

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 
 
 
1
922
 
 
 
1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Plan Assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
14
671
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets

 
 
1
661
 
 
 
1
652
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employer
 contribution

 
 
 
 
 
 
5
440
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
15
787
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Funded status at end of
 year

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
922
 
 
 
(1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;


 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Current
 liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Noncurrent
 liabilities

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
786
 
 
 
(1
612
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(7
330
 
 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(1
922
 
 
 
(1
758
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
444
 
 
 
5
771
 
 
 
(3
454
 
 
 
(4
270
 

 

Prior service
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
7
444
 
 
 
5
771
 
 
 
(3
454
 
 
 
(4
270
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $24.1
 million and $21.2 million at July&#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013.
 Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit
 obligation in excess of plan assets as of July&#xA0;31 was as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Projected benefit
 obligation

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 

 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation

 
 
24
147
 
 
 
21
203
 



Fair value of plan
 assets

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
15
787
 




 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
323
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected return on plan
 assets

 
 
(1
082
 
 
 
(1
006
 
 
 
(1
134
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Amortization of prior
 service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Amortization of net (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net periodic benefit cost /
 (income)

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
145
 
 
 
1
155
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension
 plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
 income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are
 $0.5&#xA0;million and nil
 respectively. The estimated net gain and
 prior service cost for the other defined benefit post-retirement
 plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
 income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are
 $0.5 million and nil
 respectively.


 of retiree medical benefit cost
 prior service cost is amortized on
 a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service
 to full eligibility for benefits of the active plan participants.
 For calculation of net periodic pension cost
 prior service cost is
 amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years
 of service of the active plan participants.

 &#xA0;
 


 obligations at July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected long-term return
 on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the established
 asset allocation.


 rates for medical plans were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Health care cost trend rate
 assumed for next year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts
 reported for health care plans. A one-percentage-point change in
 assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following
 effects:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 Increase
 
 
 


 Decrease
 



Effect on total of service
 and interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;
Plan
 Assets


 July&#xA0;31
 2010
 Diamond adopted the provisions of ASU
 No.&#xA0;2010-06 on employer&#x2019;s disclosures about plan assets
 of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plan. The
 fair values of the Company&#x2019;s pension plan assets by asset
 category were as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for description of
 levels):

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value Measurements
 at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
6
632
 
 
 
6
632
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
516
 
 
 
2
516
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
699
 
 
 
1
699
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
159
 
 
 
5
159
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
16
817
 
 
 
16
519
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value Measurements
 at July 31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
793
 
 
 
5
793
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
185
 
 
 
2
185
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
626
 
 
 
1
626
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
402
 
 
 
5
402
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
15
506
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the expected return
 on pension plan assets and discount rate assumptions. Other
 post-retirement benefit obligations and expenses are most sensitive
 to discount rate assumptions and health care cost trend
 rate.


 the discount rate(s) by determining the present value of expected
 cash outflows using an appropriate corporate bond yield curve
 and
 then using a single rate that produces the same present
 value.&#xA0;The fiscal 2014 discount rates changed due to changes
 in bond yields year-over-year and changes in the pattern of
 expected benefit payments.


 determines the expected return on pension plan assets based on an
 expectation of the average annual returns over an extended period
 of time. This expectation is based
 in part
 on the actual returns
 achieved by the Company&#x2019;s pension plan in prior periods. The
 Company also considers the weighted average historical rates of
 return on securities with similar characteristics to those in which
 the Company&#x2019;s pension assets are invested.


 objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize total returns
 within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The plan asset
 allocation is a key element in achieving the expected investment
 returns on plan assets. The current asset allocation strategy
 targets an allocation of 60% for equity securities and 40% for debt
 securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected cash flow
 needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within acceptable
 ranges due to market value variability. If fluctuations cause an
 asset class to fall outside its strategic asset allocation range
 the portfolio will be rebalanced as appropriate.
Cash
 Flows


 expects to contribute $0.5 million to its pension plan and $0.1
 million to its other postretirement benefit plan in fiscal 2015.
 Estimated future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future
 service
 as appropriate
 expected to be paid are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 
 
 
 Benefits
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

2020 &#x2014;
 2023

 
 
5
369
 
 
 
 
 




 November&#xA0;19
 2012
 Michael Mendes
 our former chief executive
 officer
 formally resigned from the Company. The Company and
 Mr.&#xA0;Mendes entered into a Separation and Clawback Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr.&#xA0;Mendes agreed to deliver to the Company
 a cash payment of $2.7 million (&#x201C;Cash Clawback&#x201D;)
 representing the total value of his fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 bonuses
 and 6
665 shares of Diamond common stock
 representing the
 vested shares awarded to Mr.&#xA0;Mendes after fiscal 2010. The
 Cash Clawback was deducted from the amount Diamond owed to
 Mr.&#xA0;Mendes pursuant to the Diamond Foods Retirement
 Restoration Plan (&#x201C;SERP&#x201D;). Mr.&#xA0;Mendes and Diamond
 have determined that prior to giving effect to the Cash Clawback;
 the retirement benefit due to Mr.&#xA0;Mendes in a lump sum under
 the SERP was approximately $5.4 million. The SERP amount
 subject
 to applicable withholding taxes and after giving effect to the Cash
 Clawback
 was paid in early December 2012. Expenses associated with
 the payout in the second quarter of fiscal 2013 are included in
 Selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the returned shares
 were classified as treasury stock
 and a credit to stock
 compensation expense was recorded.
Defined Contribution
 Plan


 also recognized defined contribution plan expenses of $1.1 million
 $1.8 million and $1.8&#xA0;million for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(10) Income
 Taxes




 of loss before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows
 for the fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
(142
026
 
 
 
(152
337
 
 
 
(65
182
 

 

 

 
 
(20
285
 
 
 
(23
852
 
 
 
(19
431
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(162
311
 
 
 
(176
189
 
 
 
(84
613
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 expense/(benefit) consisted of the following for the fiscal years
 ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
379
 
 
 
(2
388
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
363
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
545
 
 
 
(6
938
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
843
 
 
 
(9
231
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
624
 



 

 
 
(1
258
 
 
 
(4
762
 
 
 
(4
195
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
024
 
 
 
(14
733
 
 
 
8
661
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total tax
 provision

 
 
2
391
 
 
 
(16
278
 
 
 
1
723
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;


 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to
 Diamond&#x2019;s effective income tax rate is as follows for the
 fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Federal tax at statutory
 rate

 
 
(56
809
 
 
 
(61
666
 
 
 
(29
615
 

 

State tax
 net of federal
 benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
580
 



Net tax benefit of earnings
 at lower rates

 
 
(9
756
 
 
 
(9
106
 
 
 
(9
727
 

 

Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
458
 
 
 
(6
382
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Stock settlement of
 QSF

 
 
1
729
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Financing
 related

 
 
17
955
 
 
 
7
610
 
 
 
7
582
 

 

Impact of tax law
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
321
 
 
 
(2
453
 



Changes in
 estimates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Changes in valuation
 allowance

 
 
47
682
 
 
 
52
124
 
 
 
31
937
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
2
391
 
 
 
(16
278
 
 
 
1
723
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 income taxes have not been provided on approximately
 $80.3&#xA0;million of undistributed earnings of certain foreign
 subsidiaries at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 because these earnings are
 considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax
 liability that would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely
 reinvested is approximately $28.1 million. Applicable U.S. income
 taxes are provided on these earnings in the periods in which they
 are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested.


 the Company&#x2019;s stock option plans
 realized tax benefits in
 excess of tax benefits recognized in net earnings are recorded as
 increases to additional paid-in capital. Excess tax benefits
 realized and recorded to additional paid-in capital was nil for
 fiscal 2014 and 2013. The Company has unrecorded excess stock
 option tax benefits of $1.7 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 which
 will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when such amounts
 reduce cash taxes payable.

 &#xA0;


 of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise
 to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following as
 of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Deferred tax
 assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
103
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
053
 
 
 
1
952
 



 

 
 
2
629
 
 
 
2
085
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 
36
654
 

 

Retirement
 Benefits

 
 
2
381
 
 
 
2
222
 



 

 
 
5
934
 
 
 
5
194
 

 

Other Comprehensive
 Income

 
 
1
563
 
 
 
 
 



State Tax
 Credits

 
 
7
865
 
 
 
8
346
 

 

Net Operating
 Losses

 
 
148
401
 
 
 
72
044
 



 

 
 
1
914
 
 
 
1
136
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total gross deferred tax
 assets

 
 
178
125
 
 
 
130
985
 



Less: Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(150
845
 
 
 
(99
306
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Deferred tax assets
 net of
 valuation allowance

 
 
27
280
 
 
 
31
679
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Deferred tax
 liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Transaction
 Costs

 
 
(2
875
 
 
 
(2
541
 



 

 
 
(116
867
 
 
 
(111
259
 

 

Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
813
 



Unremitted Foreign
 Earnings

 
 
(8
822
 
 
 
(7
602
 

 

 

 
 
(9
337
 
 
 
(12
365
 



 

 
 
(1
630
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred tax
 liabilities

 
 
(139
531
 
 
 
(138
328
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total net deferred tax
 liabilities

 
 
(112
251
 
 
 
(106
649
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fed deferred tax
 assets

 
 
20
467
 
 
 
5
285
 

 

Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(16
313
 
 
 
(8
416
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total current net deferred
 tax assets

 
 
4
154
 
 
 
(3
131
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

State deferred tax
 assets

 
 
1
947
 
 
 
 
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(2
451
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total current net deferred
 tax liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net deferred tax
 assets

 
 
16
179
 
 
 
(12
628
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
(132
081
 
 
 
(90
890
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total long-term net
 deferred tax liability

 
 
(115
902
 
 
 
(103
518
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 allowances have been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to
 amounts considered recoverable. The Company&#x2019;s valuation
 allowance was $150.8 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2014 and $99.3
 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. In third quarter of fiscal 2012
 as a result of cumulative losses
 the Company concluded that a
 valuation allowance was required on certain US and state deferred
 tax assets (principally NOL&#x2019;s and California Enterprise Zone
 credits) because it was management&#x2019;s assessment that it was
 no longer more likely than not that those assets could be realized.
 The valuation allowances may be reversed in a future period when
 facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not
 that the particular deferred tax asset can be realized.


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had $384.4 million of cumulative
 federal tax loss carryforwards and $315.7 million of cumulative
 state tax loss carryforwards. The federal loss carry forward will
 expire in fiscal 2032 if not used prior to that time. The state tax
 loss carryforwards will expire beginning fiscal 2017 through fiscal
 2034. As a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718
 the table of deferred tax asset and deferred tax liabilities shown
 above does not include certain deferred tax assets as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013 that arose directly from tax deductions
 related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
 for financial reporting. Stockholders&#x2019; equity will be
 increased by $1.7 million if and when such deferred tax assets are
 ultimately realized. The Company uses tax ordering rules for
 purposes of determining when excess tax benefits have been
 realized.


 at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had state tax credit
 carryforwards consisting of $13.1 million of California Enterprise
 Zone Credits which begin to expire in fiscal 2023
 and $0.2 million
 of California Research and Development Credits
 which have no
 expiration date.


 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Balance
 beginning of
 year

 
 
3
544
 
 
 
3
927
 
 
 
14
260
 

 

Tax position related to
 current year:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Tax positions related to
 prior years:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
125
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(1
080
 
 
 
(2
392
 
 
 
(11
210
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Statute of limitations
 closures

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance
 end of
 year

 
 
2
960
 
 
 
3
544
 
 
 
3
927
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 


 balance of unrecognized tax benefits at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 and July&#xA0;31
 2012
 respectively
 are
 potential benefits of $0.6 million
 $0.7 million
 and $0.6 million
 respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect the effective tax
 rate on earnings.


 recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
 positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company
 recognized $0.1 million
 $(0.1) million
 and $(34) thousand
 net of
 federal benefit
 in interest and $2 thousand
 in penalties
 associated with uncertain tax positions for each fiscal year 2014
 2013
 and 2012. The Company has accrued approximately $0.2 million
 $0.2 million
 and $0.2 million in interest and $0.1 million
 $0.1
 million
 and $0.1 million in penalties for each fiscal year 2014
 2013
 and 2012.


 months following July&#xA0;31
 2014
 audit resolutions
 expirations
 of statute of limitations
 and filing the amended returns could
 potentially reduce total unrecognized tax benefits by up to $0.3
 million.


 files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various states
 local and foreign jurisdictions
 primarily in the United Kingdom.
 The Company&#x2019;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for
 fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2013 and the Company&#x2019;s United
 Kingdom tax returns for fiscal 2011 through 2013 remain open to
 examination.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Segment Reporting
 Reconciliation of Operating Income Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

070

892

577

668

801

905

844

462

207

012

418



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Segment Reporting
 Reconciliation of Operating Income Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

664

110

966



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Segment Reporting
 Reconciliation of Operating Income Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

767

557

670



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Segment Reporting
 Reconciliation of Operating Income Segment to Consolidated [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

776

345

782




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

(6) Notes
 Payable and Long-Term Obligations


 debt outstanding as of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
 
 
 
 
369
454
 

 

Oaktree Senior
 Notes

 
 
 
 
 
 
210
926
 



Guaranteed
 Loan

 
 
8
333
 
 
 
10
557
 

 

 

 
 
6
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
230
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

Term Loan Facility
 net

 
 
403
082
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
647
415
 
 
 
590
937
 

 

Less: current
 portion

 
 
(10
088
 
 
 
(5
860
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total long-term
 debt

 
 
637
327
 
 
 
585
077
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 determined that the Guaranteed Loan line item was understated by
 $2.2 million and the Secured Credit Facility line item was
 overstated by the same amount in the above disclosure as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013. Total long-term debt
 total outstanding debt
 and the total current portion of debt were presented correctly. The
 Company assessed the materiality of this correction
 concluded that
 this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 Consolidated
 Financial Statements and revised the July&#xA0;31
 2013 balances to
 correct the presentation.


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of an unamortized discount of $0.5 million related to
 the Term Loan Facility&#x2019;s stated original issue discount of
 $2.0 million. The non-current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of an unamortized discount of $1.4
 million.



 Modifications and Extinguishments

 that participated in the Company&#x2019;s refinanced debt structure
 both prior to and after the restructuring
 it was determined that a
 portion of the debt refinancing was considered to be a debt
 modification. Accordingly
 the Company recorded approximately $3.6
 million
 of the Oaktree call premium that is associated with the
 modified debt (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As
 of July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of these unamortized creditor fees of $0.8 million
 and the non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of
 these unamortized creditor fees of $2.5 million.


 with the guidance
 approximately $5.2 million related the
 Company&#x2019;s previous original issue discount on the Oaktree
 Notes was also determined to be associated with the modified debt
 (Term Loan Facility) as a contra-debt liability. As of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the current portion of long-term debt is
 presented net of this unamortized discount of $1.1 million and the
 non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of $3.6
 million.


 balances are presented on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as a contra-debt liability and will be amortized within
 Interest expense
 net on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations over the term of the Term Loan Facility.


 expense for fiscal 2014
 2013
&#xA0;&amp; 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
14
455
 
 
 
29
811
 
 
 
27
857
 

 

 

 
 
18
510
 
 
 
26
375
 
 
 
6
163
 



Guaranteed
 Loan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
7
672
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Term Loan
 Facility

 
 
9
897
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Capitalized
 interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
673
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
452
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Interest expense
 net

 
 
51
969
 
 
 
57
925
 
 
 
33
976
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 maturities of long-term debt as of July&#xA0;31
 2014 are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
6
486
 

 

 

 
 
6
604
 



 

 
 
6
729
 

 

 

 
 
5
114
 



 

 
 
626
325
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
651
258
 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Balance represents
 principal maturities and does not include contra-debt liabilities
 associated with the Term Loan Facility.



 


 February&#xA0;19
 2014
 the Company refinanced its debt capital
 structure.&#xA0;The Company entered into a 4.5&#xA0;year senior
 secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the &#x201C;ABL
 Facility&#x201D;) in an aggregate principal amount of $125 million
 a 4.5 year senior secured term loan facility (the &#x201C;Term Loan
 Facility&#x201D;) in an aggregate principal amount of $415 million
 and issued $230 million in 7.000% Senior Notes due March 2019 (the
 &#x201C;Notes&#x201D;). Pursuant to the Warrant Exercise Agreement
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. (a subsidiary of Oaktree)
 exercised its warrant to purchase 4
420
859 shares of
 Diamond&#x2019;s common stock at the $10 exercise price per share
 for $44.2 million
 less a warrant cash exercise and contractual
 modification inducement fee of $15&#xA0;million. The Warrant
 Exercise Transaction closed on February&#xA0;19
 2014
 concurrent
 with the refinancing transactions and the Company derecognized the
 warrant liability of approximately $84.1 million on that
 date.


 the net proceeds of the Term Loan Facility
 the Notes and the
 Warrant Exercise Transaction to (1)&#xA0;prepay approximately $348
 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the
 Secured Credit Facility
 (2)&#xA0;prepay approximately $276 million
 of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree
 Senior Notes
 (3)&#xA0;pay approximately $32.3 million of
 prepayment premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 and
 (4)&#xA0;pay fees related to the preparation
 negotiation
 execution and delivery of the definitive documentation for the Term
 Loan Facility
 the Notes and the ABL Facility. In accordance with

 Interest&#x2014;Other Presentation Matters

 million of new debt issuance costs associated with the February
 2014 debt refinancing. $2.1 million of these debt issuance costs
 were expensed to Loss on debt extinguishment based on the portion
 of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification for
 those lenders that had continued participation in the
 Company&#x2019;s refinanced debt structure. The remaining $14.5
 million debt issuance costs were recorded as deferred financing
 charges and will be amortized over the life of the respective new
 debt agreements into Interest expense
 net. Debt issuance costs
 largely included arrangement fees paid to underwriters
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 consulting fees
 and printing fees. The Company
 recorded the current portion of these costs in Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets and the non-current portion was recorded in
 Other long-term assets in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.



 Modifications and Extinguishments
 the Company recorded a Loss
 on debt extinguishment of $83.0 million in the Consolidated
 Statement of Operations in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. Of the
 $83.0 million
 approximately $70.3 million related to the
 extinguishment of the Oaktree Senior Notes
 $10.6 million related
 to non-cash charges resulting from write-offs of unamortized
 transaction costs and fees
 and $2.1 million related to new third
 party debt issuance costs.


 million included $28.7 million related to the prepayment premium
 associated with the extinguished debt that the Company paid to the
 holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes and approximately
 $41.6&#xA0;million related to the difference between the net
 carrying value and the repayment price of the Oaktree Senior Notes.
 The Company originally recorded the Oaktree Senior Notes at an
 amount that was $43.2 million lower than the contractual repayment
 amount due to the allocation of proceeds of $36.5 million to the
 Oaktree warrant and an original issue discount of
 $6.7&#xA0;million. Subsequently
 additional discount of
 $6.8&#xA0;million was created related to the paid-in-kind interest
 that was added to the debt. The Company also paid a total call
 premium of $32.3 million of which $3.6 million related to the
 portion of the refinancing that was considered a debt modification
 and accordingly the Company recorded a contra-debt liability on its
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. The remaining call premium of $28.7
 million was recorded as a Loss on debt extinguishment in the third
 quarter of fiscal 2014.


 extinguishment for fiscal 2014 is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



Call premium &#x2014;
 Oaktree Notes

 
 
28
660
 

 

Difference between
 reacquisition price and carrying value&#xA0;&#x2014;&#xA0;Oaktree
 Notes

 
 
41
631
 



Unamortized transaction
 costs &#x2014; Oaktree

 
 
8
635
 

 

Unamortized transaction
 costs &#x2014; Secured Credit Facility

 
 
2
011
 



New transaction costs
 &#x2014; Term Loan
 ABL
High Yield Notes

 
 
2
067
 


 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss on debt
 extinguishment

 
 
83
004
 


 
 

 


 

 



Debt After
 Refinancing


 2010
 Kettle Foods entered into
 and Diamond guaranteed
 a 10-year
 fixed rate guaranteed loan (the &#x201C;Guaranteed Loan&#x201D;) in
 the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $8.3 million was
 outstanding as of July&#xA0;31
 2014. Principal and interest
 payments were due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The
 Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for the
 Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds were placed in an
 interest-bearing escrow account and were made available as
 expenditures were approved for reimbursement. As the cash was used
 to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash was classified
 as non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the
 remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to
 the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan balance.
 Also
 as part of the paydown
 the Company paid a 4% prepayment
 penalty
 which was recorded in Interest expense
 net.


 Guaranteed Loan provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants
 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured
 Credit Facility
 as defined below. The financial covenants within
 the Guaranteed Loan were reset to match those in the Waiver and
 Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility
 as described in
 more detail below.


 on February&#xA0;19
 2014
 Diamond closed the Warrant Exercise
 Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its
 warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately
 $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification
 inducement fee of $15.0 million. The warrant was issued to Oaktree
 in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated
 May&#xA0;22
 2012 (&#x201C;Securities Purchase Agreement&#x201D;)
 under which Diamond issued the Oaktree Senior Notes. The $15.0
 million inducement fee is included within Warrant exercise fee on
 the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.


 Exercise Agreement provided that so long as Oaktree and/or its
 affiliates hold at least 10% of Diamond&#x2019;s outstanding common
 stock
 Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of
 Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors. In addition
 until the later of
 (a)&#xA0;twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to
 nominate a member of Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors or
 (b)&#xA0;twelve months after any director nominated by Oaktree
 under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase
 Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its
 affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30%
 of the outstanding common stock of Diamond; commence or support any
 tender offer for Diamond common stock; make or participate in any
 solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person
 with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce
 a proposal or offer concerning any extraordinary transaction with
 Diamond; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of
 acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any Diamond securities;
 take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require
 Diamond to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of
 such an acquisition
 tender offer or proxy solicitation; enter into
 any agreements with a third party regarding any such prohibited
 actions; or request Diamond to amend or waive such provisions. Upon
 the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Warrant
 Exercise Agreement
 the Securities Purchase Agreement
 and
 Diamond&#x2019;s obligations thereunder
 terminated. The common
 stock issued upon exercise of the warrant will be issued in a
 private placement pursuant to exemptions from the registration
 requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are covered by a
 Registration Rights Agreement entered into on May&#xA0;29
 2012 in
 connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement.


 Facility will mature in 4.5 years and will amortize in equal
 quarterly installments in an aggregate annual amount equal to 1.0%
 of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility with the
 balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility. The
 Term Loan Facility will permit the Company to increase the term
 loans
 or add a separate tranche of term loans
 by an amount not to
 exceed $100&#xA0;million plus the maximum amount of additional term
 loans that the Company could incur without its senior secured
 leverage ratio exceeding 4.50 to 1.00 on a pro forma basis after
 giving effect to such increase or addition. Amounts outstanding are
&#xA0;equal to: (i)&#xA0;the
 Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility and subject
 to a &#x201C;floor&#x201D; of 1.00%) plus the applicable margin or
 (ii)&#xA0;the Base Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Facility)
 which is the greatest of (a)&#xA0;Credit Suisse&#x2019;s prime rate
 (b)&#xA0;the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and
 (c)&#xA0;the Eurodollar Rate for an interest period of one month
 plus 1.00%
 plus
 in each case
 the applicable margin to be agreed
 with the lenders party thereto.

 &#xA0;


 the ABL facility would be available up to a maximum amount
 outstanding at any one time equal to the lesser of (a)&#xA0;$125
 million and (b)&#xA0;the amount of the Borrowing Base
 in each
 case
 less customary reserves. Under the ABL Facility
 the Company
 has a $20 million sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit
 and a Swing Line Facility of up to $12.5 million for same day
 borrowings. Borrowing Base is defined as (a)&#xA0;85% of the amount
 of the Company&#x2019;s eligible accounts receivable; plus
 (b)&#xA0;the lesser of (i)&#xA0;70% of the book value of eligible
 inventory in the US and (ii)&#xA0;85% times the net orderly
 liquidation value of Diamond&#x2019;s eligible inventory in the US;
 less (c)&#xA0;in each case
 customary reserves.


 Facility
 Diamond may elect that the loans bear interest at a

 annum
 (i)the LIBOR Rate plus the applicable margin;&#xA0;or (ii)&#xA0;the
 Base rate plus applicable margin. &#x201C;LIBOR Rate&#x201D; means
 the rate per annum equal to (i)&#xA0;the Intercontinental Exchange
 Benchmark Administration Ltd. LIBOR Rate (&#x201C;ICE LIBOR&#x201D;)
 at approximately 11:00 a.m.
 London time
 two Business Days prior
 to the commencement of the requested Interest Period.&#x201C;Base
 Rate&#x201D; means the greatest of (a)&#xA0;the Federal Funds Rate
 plus 0.5%
 (b)&#xA0;the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated
 based upon an interest period of 1 month and shall be determined on
 a daily basis)
 plus 1.00%
 and (c)&#xA0;the rate of interest
 announced
 from time to time
 by Wells Fargo at its principal
 office in San Francisco as its &#x201C;prime rate&#x201D;. The LIBOR
 Rate shall be available for interest periods of one week or
 one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree
 twelve months.
 &#x201C;Applicable Margin&#x201D; means
 as of any date of
 determination and with respect to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate
 Loans
 as applicable
 the applicable margin set forth in the
 following table that corresponds to the Average Daily Net
 Availability of Borrower for the most recently completed fiscal
 quarter period.


 Facility and ABL Facility provide for customary affirmative and
 negative covenants. The Term Loan Facility has customary cross
 default provisions and the ABL Facility contains cross-acceleration
 provisions
 in each case that may be triggered if Diamond fails to
 comply with obligations under its other credit facilities or
 indebtedness. The Term Loan Facility has a first priority perfected
 lien on substantially all property
 plant and equipment
 capital
 stock
 intangibles and second priority lien on the ABL Priority
 Collateral
 subject to customary exceptions. The ABL Facility
 requires Diamond to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 of 1.1:1 if at any time excess availability is less than 10% of
 maximum availability; and requires Diamond to apply substantially
 all cash collections to reduce outstanding borrowings under the ABL
 Facility if excess availability falls below 12.5% of maximum
 availability for a period of five business days. The ABL Facility
 is secured by a first-priority lien on accounts receivable
 inventory
 cash and deposit accounts and a second-priority lien on
 all real estate
 equipment and equity interests of the Company
 under
 and guarantors of
 the ABL Facility.


 which will mature on March&#xA0;15
 2019
 were offered only to
 (i)&#xA0;qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A of
 the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&#x201C;Securities
 Act&#x201D;)
 and (ii)&#xA0;to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore
 transactions in reliance on Regulation S of the Securities Act. The
 initial issuance and sale of the Notes were not registered under
 the Securities Act
 and the Notes may not be offered or sold in the
 United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from
 the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the
 registration or qualification requirements of other applicable
 securities laws. The terms of the Notes do not provide for
 registration rights. Interest on the Notes will be payable on
 March&#xA0;15 and September&#xA0;15 of each year
 commencing
 September&#xA0;15
 2014. On or after March&#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond
 may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a price equal to 103.500%
 of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest
 with such optional redemption prices decreasing to
 101.750% on and after March&#xA0;15
 2017 and 100.000% on and after
 March&#xA0;15
 2018. Before March&#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem
 some or all of the Notes at a price equal to 100.000% of the
 principal amount of the Notes redeemed
 plus accrued and unpaid
 interest to the redemption date and the make-whole premium. Before
 March&#xA0;15
 2016
 Diamond may redeem up to 35% of the Notes with
 the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption
 price equal to 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof
 plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. If
 Diamond experiences a change of control
 Diamond must offer to
 purchase for cash all or any part of each holder&#x2019;s Notes at a
 purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any. The indenture pursuant to
 which the Notes were issued contains customary covenants that
 among other things
 limit Diamond&#x2019;s ability and
 Diamond&#x2019;s restricted subsidiaries&#x2019; ability to incur
 additional indebtedness
 make restricted payments
 enter into
 transactions with affiliates
 create liens
 pay dividends on or
 repurchase stock
 make specified types of investments
 and sell all
 or substantially all of their assets or merge with other companies.
 Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important
 exceptions and qualifications.


 2014
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated long-term borrowings; including obligations under the
 Company&#x2019;s refinanced debt capital structure was 5.43%. For
 fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated long-term borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt was
 6.73%. For fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate
 for the Company&#x2019;s short-term borrowings was 6.07% and 6.69%
 respectively. As of July&#xA0;31 2014
 the Company was compliant
 with financial and reporting covenants under the new refinanced
 debt structure.

Debt
 Before Refinancing


 is a description of the Company&#x2019;s debt outstanding before the
 refinancing described above in &#x201C;Description of
 Refinancing&#x201D; and &#x201C;Debt After
 Refinancing.&#x201D;


 2010
 Diamond entered into an agreement (the &#x201C;Secured Credit
 Agreement&#x201D;) with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600
 million secured credit facility (the &#x201C;Secured Credit
 Facility&#x201D;). Diamond&#x2019;s Secured Credit Facility initially
 consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400
 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved
 Diamond&#x2019;s request for a $35 million increase in our revolving
 credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August
 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&#x2019;s request for
 a $50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285
 million
 under the same terms.


 Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement provided for
 customary affirmative and negative covenants
 and cross default
 provisions that could be triggered if we failed to comply with
 obligations under the other credit facilities or indebtedness. The
 Secured Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement
 included a covenant that restricted the amount of other
 indebtedness (including capital leases and purchase money
 obligations for fixed or capital assets)
 to no more than $25
 million.&#xA0;The accounting treatment for the seven-year equipment
 lease for our Salem
 Oregon plant (the &#x201C;Kettle U.S.
 Lease&#x201D;) and the five-year equipment lease for our Norfolk
 United Kingdom plant (the &#x201C;Kettle U.K. Lease&#x201D;) caused
 us to be in default of the covenants limiting other indebtedness.
 These defaults were waived
 with respect to the Kettle U.K. Lease
 on July&#xA0;27
 2012 (&#x201C;Fourth Amendment&#x201D;) and with
 respect to the Kettle U.S. Lease on August 23
 2012 (&#x201C;Fifth
 Amendment&#x201D;). Additionally
 the Secured Credit Facility and
 the Securities Purchase Agreement were each amended to allow us to
 incur up to $31 million of capital leases and purchase money
 obligations for fixed or capital assets
 which amount was reduced
 from and after December&#xA0;31
 2013 (a)&#xA0;to $25 million under
 the Secured Credit Facility and (b)&#xA0;to $27.5 million under the
 Securities Purchase Agreement. As a result of the refinancing
 as
 of July&#xA0;31
 2014 we no longer had outstanding obligations
 under the Secured Credit Facility.


 2012
 Diamond reached an agreement with its lenders to forbear from
 seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with respect
 to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with the
 credit agreement and to amend the credit agreement (&#x201C;Second
 Amendment&#x201D;). Under the amended credit agreement
 Diamond had
 continued access to its existing revolving credit facility through
 a forbearance period (initially through June&#xA0;18
 2012) subject
 to Diamond&#x2019;s compliance with the terms and conditions of the
 amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the
 interest rate on borrowings increased.&#xA0;The credit agreement
 required Diamond to suspend dividend payments to
 stockholders.&#xA0;In addition
 Diamond paid a forbearance fee of
 25 basis points to its lenders. The forbearance period concluded on
 May&#xA0;29
 2012
 when Diamond closed agreements to recapitalize
 its balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree.


 Diamond entered into the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured
 Credit Facility (the &#x201C;Third Amendment&#x201D;)
 pursuant to
 which the revolving credit facility initially was reduced from $285
 million to $255 million. The Third Amendment provided for
 subsequent further reductions in the revolving line of credit in
 July 2013 and on January&#xA0;31
 2014. In May 2012
 Diamond made a
 $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the
 Third Amendment. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on the
 term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with the
 remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the
 revolving credit facility to be repaid on February&#xA0;25
 2015.
 Substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s tangible and intangible
 assets were considered collateral security under the Secured Credit
 Facility. Additionally
 the Third Amendment provided for a lower
 level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with
 substantial covenant relief. In the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 these covenants reset from the levels set forth in the Third
 Amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior
 Leverage Ratio declining each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25
 to


 quarter ended July&#xA0;31
 2014
 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00
 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included
 a covenant requiring that Diamond have at least $20 million of
 cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all
 times beginning February&#xA0;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third
 Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan
 facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments
 from $10 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amended
 the definition of &#x201C;Applicable Rate&#x201D; under the Secured
 Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the London Interbank
 Offered Rate (&#x201C;LIBOR&#x201D;) and the base rate at which loans
 under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under the Third
 Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50%
 plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and base rate loans
 bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&#xA0;the
 Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points
 (ii)&#xA0;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&#xA0;Eurodollar Rates plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate
 was subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the
 &#x201C;LIBOR Floor&#x201D;). The applicable rate would decline
 if
 and when Diamond was to achieve reductions in its ratio of senior
 debt to EBITDA
 as defined in the Third Amendment. The Third
 Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future
 equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans
 and waived
 certain covenants in connection with Diamond&#x2019;s restatement of
 its consolidated financial statements. As a result of the
 refinancing noted above
 the Company had no indebtedness
 outstanding under the Secured Credit Facility as of July&#xA0;31
 2014.


 May&#xA0;29
 2012
 Diamond received an investment from Oaktree
 Capital Management
 L.P. (&#x201C;Oaktree&#x201D;). The Oaktree
 investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued
 Oaktree Senior Notes and a warrant to purchase approximately
 4.4&#xA0;million shares of Diamond common stock. The Oaktree Senior
 Notes would have matured in 2020 and bore interest at 12%&#xA0;per
 year that would have been paid-in-kind at Diamond&#x2019;s option
 for the first two years.&#xA0;Oaktree&#x2019;s warrant became
 exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&#xA0;1
 2013. On
 February&#xA0;19
 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrants.


 Credit Facility provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants and cross default provisions that may be triggered if
 Diamond fails to comply with obligations under their other credit
 facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&#xA0;31
 2013
 the
 Company&#x2019;s senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio
 (&#x201C;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&#x201D;)
 as defined in
 the Third Amendment
 will be limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00
 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00.
 The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each
 quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2014.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

603

577


Customer contracts and related relationships
 subject to amortization

600

838


Total other intangible assets
 gross

203

415


Customer contracts and related relationships
 accumulated amortization

845)

771)


Brand intangibles
 impairments
        

000)


Customer contracts and related relationships
 impairments
        

560)


Total other intangible assets
 net

358

084




        
          

        
          
            

 Accumulated Impairment
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Accumulated Impairment
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(4) Earnings Per
 Share



&#x201D;
 and reporting of earnings (loss) per share by requiring the
 inclusion of participating securities
 which have the right to
 share in dividends
 if declared
 equally with common shareholders.
 Participating securities are allocated a proportional share of net
 income determined by dividing total weighted average participating
 securities by the sum of total weighted average common shares and
 participating securities (&#x201C;the two-class method&#x201D;). ASC
 260 also impacts the determination and reporting of earnings (loss)
 per share by requiring inclusion of the impact of changes in fair
 value of warrant liabilities
 such as the Oaktree warrant liability
 described in Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. Including these participating securities and changes in
 warrant liability in the Company&#x2019;s earnings per share
 calculation has the effect of reducing earnings and increasing
 losses on both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
 share.


 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 



Less: income allocated to
 participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &#x2014; basic

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 



Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Less: undistributed income
 reallocated to participating securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Loss attributable to common
 shareholders &#x2014; diluted

 
 
(164
702
 
 
 
(159
911
 
 
 
(86
336
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted average shares
 outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
26
033
 
 
 
21
813
 
 
 
21
692
 

 

Dilutive shares &#x2014;
 stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Weighted average shares
 outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
26
033
 
 
 
21
813
 
 
 
21
692
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Loss per share attributable
 to common shareholders (1):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.




 purchase 1
495
791
 1
457
076
 and 2
079
535 shares of common stock
 were outstanding at July&#xA0;31
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Because the Company was in a loss position for fiscal
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 stock options and restricted stock units
 outstanding were excluded in the computation of diluted loss per
 share because their effect would be antidilutive. Additionally
 as
 the Company was in a loss position and the change in the fair value
 of the warrant liability resulted in a loss for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 a numerator adjustment was not made to the diluted loss
 per share calculation.


 purchase 308
685
 978
024
 and 776
184
 shares of common stock were
 not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively
 because their exercise
 prices were greater than the average market price of
 Diamond&#x2019;s common stock and therefore their effect would be
 antidilutive.


 January&#xA0;21
 2014 the court issued an order granting final
 approval of the Securities Settlement and the appeal period expired
 on February&#xA0;20
 2014
 at which time the Securities Settlement
 became effective. On February&#xA0;21
 2014 the Company issued the
 4.45&#xA0;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund
 pursuant to the terms of the approved Securities Settlement.
 Accordingly
 the 4.45&#xA0;million shares were included in the
 computation of basic and diluted loss per share calculation
 beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2014.

 &#xA0;


 February&#xA0;19
 2014
 the Company closed the Warrant Exercise
 Agreement
 pursuant to which Oaktree agreed to exercise in full its
 warrant to purchase an aggregate of 4
420
859 shares of Diamond
 common stock
 by paying in cash the exercise price of approximately
 $44.2 million less a cash exercise and contractual modification
 inducement fee of $15.0 million. Accordingly
 the 4
420
859 shares
 were included in the computation of basic and diluted loss per
 share calculation beginning in the third quarter of fiscal
 2014.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(5) Intangible Assets
 and Goodwill


 the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance as of
 August&#xA0;1
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
403
158
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
403
158
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Goodwill acquired during
 the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Impairment
 losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Translation
 adjustments

 
 
(2
033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2
033
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance as of July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Balance as of
 August&#xA0;1
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
328
490
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
401
125
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Goodwill acquired during
 the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Impairment
 losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Translation
 adjustments

 
 
9
595
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
595
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance as of July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
338
085
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
410
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
338
085
 
 
 
72
635
 
 
 
410
720
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):

 
 
266
603
 
 
 
297
577
 

 

Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
163
600
 
 
 
157
838
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total other intangible
 assets
 gross

 
 
430
203
 
 
 
455
415
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
(37
845
 
 
 
(29
771
 



Less asset
 impairments:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Brand
 intangibles

 
 
 
 
 
 
(36
000
 



Customer contracts and
 related relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
560
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total other intangible
 assets
 net

 
 
392
358
 
 
 
388
084
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;


 intangible asset amortization expense in each of the five
 succeeding years will amount to approximately $8.2 million. For
 fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the amortization period for
 identifiable intangible assets was approximately 20 years with
 amortization expense of approximately $8.1 million
 $8.0 million
 and $8.0 million recognized
 respectively.


 also performed its 2014 annual impairment test of goodwill and
 non-amortizing intangible assets required by ASC 350 as of
 June&#xA0;30
 2014. There was no goodwill impaired during fiscal
 2014
 2013
 and 2012. In fiscal 2013
 the Company determined that
 the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired
 based on a decrease in forecasted future revenues. The Company
 recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset
 impairment line on the consolidated statement of operations. The
 inputs used to measure the fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 were largely unobservable
 and accordingly
 this measure was
 classified as Level 3. The fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 was estimated based on the relief from royalty method
 which models
 the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were
 received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow
 analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues
 attributable to the brand
 assumed royalty rates and a
 risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates the estimated cost of
 capital. The unobservable inputs used in this valuation included
 projected revenue growth rates
 royalty rates
 and the discount
 rate. The Company used a discount rate of 11%.


 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of
 $1.6 million
 within Asset impairments
 associated with customer
 contacts and related relationships. This impairment charge
 represents a write down of the total net book value of the
 intangible asset as of April&#xA0;30
 2013
 and is included within
 the Nuts reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized
 as a result of management&#x2019;s decision to cease production and
 shipment of products with the brand associated with these customer
 contracts and related relationships.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        
(7) Balance Sheet
 Items


 consisted of the following as of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Raw materials and
 supplies

 
 
40
503
 
 
 
30
918
 

 

 

 
 
24
946
 
 
 
28
058
 



 

 
 
61
117
 
 
 
58
577
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
126
566
 
 
 
117
553
 



Less inventory
 reserves

 
 
(2
293
 
 
 
(2
097
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Inventories
 net

 
 
124
273
 
 
 
115
456
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;


 payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
64
673
 
 
 
75
833
 

 

Securities litigation
 settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 
96
129
 



Accrued salaries and
 benefits

 
 
13
364
 
 
 
16
087
 

 

Accrued
 promotion

 
 
22
638
 
 
 
18
883
 



 

 
 
4
706
 
 
 
9
160
 

 

 

 
 
7
336
 
 
 
 
 



Accrued current lease
 obligations

 
 
2
620
 
 
 
2
306
 

 

 

 
 
2
340
 
 
 
2
035
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
117
677
 
 
 
220
542
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Long-term portion of
 capital lease obligations are reflected in Other liabilities on the
 the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including descriptions and amounts for assets
 liabilities
 and equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

673)


        
        

452
        


Interest expense
 net

969

925

976



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

510

375

163



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

455

811

857



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

672
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

897
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 includes dividends associated with redeemable preferred stock of a subsidiary that is treated as a liability in the parent's consolidated balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

891

225



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

677

364



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

214

861




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

000

004



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

700

660



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

600

631



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

635



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

011




 ABL


        
        


        
        
        


        
        

067




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

100
000

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


Settlement agreement
 common stock issuable fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000

100
000
        
        

100
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

136
000

129
000


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000

300
000
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        

004
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

600
000
        

560
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation
 before its maturity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 external costs directly pertaining to an early extinguishment of debt
 including legal costs and prepayment penalties
 and excluding interest and repayment of debt principal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































 2011

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2013





          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014


 ABL




 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2014

          



 2010

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2014








 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2010

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014








 2014








 2014



          



 2014












 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

415
000
        
        
        

937
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        

926
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

333
000

557
000

200
000
        
        
        
        
        

454
000
        

200
000
        
        
        
        

082
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 original issue discount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 secured term loan facility
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 secured term loan facility
 term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Revolving credit facility
 term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Senior notes
 maturity date
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants to purchase common stock
 issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000

420
859

420
859
        
        
        
        

400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000)

118
000

100
000

100
000

147
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

600
000
        

499
000
        

279
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
000

004
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

660
000

600
000

067
000

600
000

631
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Senior notes
 originally recorded value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

700
000

700
000

800
000

800
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        


        
        
        

258
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

266
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 Oaktree will have the right to nominate one member of Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors until the later of (a) twelve months after Oaktree no longer has the right to nominate a member of Diamond&#x2019;s Board of Directors or (b) twelve months after any director nominated by Oaktree under the Warrant Exercise Agreement or the Securities Purchase Agreement no longer serves as a director
 Oaktree and its affiliates agree not to: acquire or beneficially own more than 30% of the outstanding common stock of Diamond; commence or support any tender offer for Diamond common stock; make or participate in any solicitation of proxies to vote or seek to influence any person with respect to voting its Diamond common stock; publicly announce a proposal or offer concerning any extraordinary transaction with Diamond; form
 join or participate in a group for the purpose of acquiring
 holding
 voting or disposing of any Diamond securities; take any actions that could reasonably be expected to require Diamond to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of such an acquisition
 tender offer or proxy solicitation; enter into any agreements with a third party regarding any such prohibited actions; or request Diamond to amend or waive such provisions.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 amortize rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 additional borrowing availability
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Borrowing base rate
 accounts receivable
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Borrowing base rate
 eligible inventory
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Borrowing base rate
 liquidation value of inventory
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


LIBOR rate
 description of interest period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

  one
 two
 three or six months and
 if all lenders agree
 twelve months.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash collection
 number of business days
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 interest on notes payable description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability
 required amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt instrument
 maturity year
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Aggregate Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Right upon Exercise
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Interest Payment Dates
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Maturity
 Month and Year
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Principal Payment Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Unamortized Discount
 Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Unamortized Discount
 Noncurrent
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Sublimit Borrowing Capacity
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Interest Rate Floor
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a commitment fee on unborrowed portions of a lender's total contractual commitment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation
 before its maturity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets)
 but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 external costs directly pertaining to an early extinguishment of debt
 including legal costs and prepayment penalties
 and excluding interest and repayment of debt principal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

323


        

082)

006)

134)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

145

155



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Land and
 improvements

 
 
11
622
 
 
 
9
823
 

 

Buildings and
 improvements

 
 
59
260
 
 
 
56
745
 



Machinery
 equipment and
 software

 
 
217
159
 
 
 
214
294
 

 

Construction in
 progress

 
 
16
368
 
 
 
2
024
 



 

 
 
16
678
 
 
 
14
420
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
321
087
 
 
 
297
306
 



Less accumulated
 depreciation

 
 
(184
088
 
 
 
(163
145
 

 

Less accumulated
 amortization

 
 
(5
108
 
 
 
(1
936
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net

 
 
131
891
 
 
 
132
225
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Gross amounts of assets
 recorded under capital leases represent machinery
 equipment and
 software as of July&#xA0;31
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        


        

258
        

266

660


        
        
        

295

147

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

(12)
 Segment Reporting


 Company&#x2019;s chief operating decision maker (&#x201C;CODM&#x201D;)
 changed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 and in the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013 there was a change in the information used
 by the CODM to make decisions about the allocation of resources and
 the assessment of performance. As a result
 during the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company changed its operating and
 reportable segments. The Company previously had one operating
 segment and one reportable segment; it now aggregates its five
 operating segments into two reportable segments based on
 similarities between: economic characteristics
 nature of the
 products
 production process
 type of customer
 methods of
 distribution
 and regulatory environment. The Company&#x2019;s two
 reportable segments are Snacks and Nuts. The Snacks reportable
 segment predominately includes products sold under Kettle U.S.
 Kettle U.K. and Pop Secret. The Nuts reportable segment
 predominantly includes products sold under Emerald and Diamond of
 California.


 evaluates the performance of its segments based on net sales and
 gross profit. Gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of
 sales. The Company&#x2019;s CODM does not receive or utilize asset
 information to evaluate performance of operating segments
 so
 asset-related information has not been presented. The accounting
 policies of the Company&#x2019;s segments are the same as those
 described in the summary of critical accounting policies set forth
 in &#x201C;Management&#x2019;s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations.&#x201D;


 Company&#x2019;s net sales and gross profit by segment for fiscal
 2014
 2013
 and 2012 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net
 sales

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
473
736
 
 
 
437
955
 
 
 
425
175
 



 

 
 
391
471
 
 
 
426
057
 
 
 
556
243
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
865
207
 
 
 
864
012
 
 
 
981
418
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Gross
 profit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
168
568
 
 
 
152
133
 
 
 
128
122
 



 

 
 
39
678
 
 
 
53
390
 
 
 
51
599
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
208
246
 
 
 
205
523
 
 
 
179
721
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
473
736
 
 
 
437
955
 
 
 
425
175
 

 

 

 
 
331
074
 
 
 
365
178
 
 
 
473
402
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
804
810
 
 
 
803
133
 
 
 
898
577
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Non-Retail International
 Nuts

 
 
38
558
 
 
 
37
993
 
 
 
51
208
 



North American Ingredient
 Nuts/Food Service Nuts Other

 
 
21
839
 
 
 
22
886
 
 
 
31
633
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total
 Non-Retail

 
 
60
397
 
 
 
60
879
 
 
 
82
841
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total Net
 Sales

 
 
865
207
 
 
 
864
012
 
 
 
981
418
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 geographic distributions of the Company&#x2019;s net sales for the
 fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
648
664
 
 
 
659
110
 
 
 
754
966
 

 

 

 
 
150
767
 
 
 
134
557
 
 
 
141
670
 



 

 
 
65
776
 
 
 
70
345
 
 
 
84
782
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
865
207
 
 
 
864
012
 
 
 
981
418
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 primarily include sales of Kettle Brand chip products produced in
 the United Kingdom and also include export sales of Diamond of
 California brand products produced in the United States.


 geographic distributions of the Company&#x2019;s long-lived assets
 as of July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
99
677
 
 
 
103
364
 

 

 

 
 
32
214
 
 
 
28
861
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
131
891
 
 
 
132
225
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Basis of
 Presentation


 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period
 presentation.
 


        
        
Revision of Financial
 Statements


 preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory
 income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not
 correct as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the
 statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred
 income tax liability balance at July&#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3
 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. The
 Company assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with
 Securities and Exchange Commission (&#x201C;SEC&#x201D;) Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No.&#xA0;99
 and concluded
 that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated
 financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&#xA0;108

 Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements

 error
 the Company revised the 2013 consolidated financial
 statements.

 &#xA0;


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
(12
957
 
 
 
(3
321
 
 
 
(16
278
 

 

Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 

 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
As
 Reported
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
106
767
 
 
 
(3
249
 
 
 
103
518
 

 

Retained earnings
 (deficit)

 
 
(160
673
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(157
352
 



Accumulated other
 comprehensive income

 
 
4
079
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
007
 

 

Total stockholders&#x2019;
 equity

 
 
166
720
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
169
969
 



Total liabilities and
 stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 
1
172
315
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
172
315
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
(11
412
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(14
733
 

 

Net cash provided by
 operating activities

 
 
44
261
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
261
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Other comprehensive income
 (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax

 
 
(5
806
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
878
 

 

Other comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
197
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
(159
948
 


 


        
        
Use of
 Estimates


 of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
 statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
 materially from these estimates.

 &#xA0;


 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.
 


        
        
Certain Risks and
 Concentrations


 Company&#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 9% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 or 2012.
 


        
        
Principles of
 Consolidation


 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.
 


        
        
Foreign Currency
 Translation


 currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations is the
 applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 rate in effect during the applicable period. The translation
 adjustments are deferred as a separate component of
 Stockholders&#x2019; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive
 income. Translation adjustments recognized in accumulated other
 comprehensive income were $22.1 million and ($5.9) million as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively.
 


        
        
Cash and Cash
 Equivalents


 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at the date of
 purchase of three months or less. Cash equivalents are recognized
 at fair value. At July&#xA0;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3
 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million
 was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our
 intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign
 earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working
 capital and expand operations.
 


        
        
 


 are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or
 weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut
 purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their
 walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to
 the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price
 for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal
 year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.
 


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
Property
 Plant and
 Equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
 lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and
 ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and
 software.
 


        
        
Slotting and Other
 Contractual Arrangements


 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.
 


        
        
Research and
 Development Costs


 research and development costs as incurred. Such costs include
 materials
 equipment
 facilities
 personnel
 contract services and
 other indirect costs that are related to research and development
 In fiscal 2014
 we recorded approximately $4.0
 million of research and development costs within Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.
 


        
        
Impairment of
 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill


 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 360

 Plant
 and Equipment
 intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 350

 &#x2014; Goodwill and Other

 indications of possible impairment.


 determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant
 judgment that is dependent on internal forecasts
 including
 estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates
 for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be
 realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these
 estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination
 of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of
 these assets exceeds their carrying value based on
 management&#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.


 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.


 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset.


 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes in fiscal 2013
 goodwill impairment is now tested
 at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating
 segments (See Note 12 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further detail regarding the Company&#x2019;s
 reportable segments). The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.
 


        
        

Employee
 Benefits

The Company incurs
 various employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified
 pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are made
 related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation
 increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different
 assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of
 expense over different periods of time.
 


        
        
Revenue
 Recognition


 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.
 


        
        
Promotion and
 Advertising Costs


 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50

 Recognition &#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives
 Advertising expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $41.5
 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.1 million
 $3.5 million
 and $5.8 million for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
 


        
        
Shipping and Handling
 Costs


 to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net
 sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales as
 incurred.
 


        
        
Income
 Taxes


 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
s
&#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently
 enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax
 assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
 than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
 not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based
 on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation
 allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts
 will not be recovered.


 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.
 


        
        
Derivative Financial
 Instruments


 quarter of fiscal 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrant issued as
 part of the Oaktree transaction. Diamond accounted for the warrant
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.
 


        
        
Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments


 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s notes payable
 and long-term obligations except its Notes at the end of each
 fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the balance
 sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to
 current interest rates and terms for similar financial
 instruments.
 


        
        
Stock-Based
 Compensation


 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
.&#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.
 


        
        
Related Party
 Transactions


 and fiscal 2013
 three members of the Diamond Board of Directors
 were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond purchased
 walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&#xA0;In fiscal
 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 costs associated with the
 acquisition of walnuts from these related parties were
 approximately $18.7 million for the 2013 crop
 $15.5 million for
 the 2012 crop and $4.7 million for the 2011 crop respectively
 of
 which $3.5 million and $4.4 million were included in payables as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
 


        
        
Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements


 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02
 &#x201C;Comprehensive

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#x201D;
 requires an entity to report the effect of significant
 reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on
 the respective line items in net income if the amount being
 reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net
 income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified
 in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required
 under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
 December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual
 periods. The Company adopted this guidance in fiscal 2014 and the
 adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated
 financial statements.



 &#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#x201D;
 This new guidance provides specific financial statement
 presentation requirements for an unrecognized tax benefit when a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an
 unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented
 as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 2014

 &#x201C;Presentation of
 Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an entity.&#x201D;
 provides new criteria for reporting discontinued operations and
 specifically indicates a disposal of a component of an entity or a
 group of components of an entity is required to be reported in
 discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic
 shift that will have a major effect on the Company&#x2019;s
 operations and financial results. The new guidance also requires
 expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2014. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

 Customers (Topic 606
 criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or
 services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to
 which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
 to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been
 recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the
 future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative
 information will be provided about the significant judgments and
 changes in those judgments that management made to determine the
 revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the
 first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
 after December&#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The
 Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and
 has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
 its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12

 718).&#x201D;
 accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
 provide that a performance target could be achieved after the
 requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance
 target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the
 requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A
 reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it
 relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost
 should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
 that the performance target will be achieved. The standard will be
 effective for the first interim period within annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15

Subtopic
 205-40).
 responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
 an entity&#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to
 provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#x2019;s evaluation
 should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known
 and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements
 are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim
 period within annual reporting periods beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
 does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe
 that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Policy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

933)

326)

360)



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

658)

570)

221)



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

933)

326)

360)






        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
234
668
 
 
 
220
577
 
 
 
190
892
 
 
 
219
070
 



 

 
 
57
933
 
 
 
55
928
 
 
 
45
096
 
 
 
49
289
 

 

Operating expenses
 (1)

 
 
84
190
 
 
 
53
913
 
 
 
56
320
 
 
 
41
161
 



Net income (loss)
 (2)

 
 
(42
153
 
 
 
(15
060
 
 
 
(105
633
 
 
 
(1
856
 

 

Basic earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Basic shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
954
 
 
 
22
052
 
 
 
29
119
 
 
 
30
993
 

 

Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
954
 
 
 
22
052
 
 
 
29
119
 
 
 
30
993
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
258
462
 
 
 
220
844
 
 
 
184
905
 
 
 
199
801
 



 

 
 
58
546
 
 
 
50
569
 
 
 
43
350
 
 
 
53
058
 

 

Operating expenses
 (3)

 
 
54
742
 
 
 
25
935
 
 
 
45
230
 
 
 
197
880
 



Net income (loss)
 (4)

 
 
(10
729
 
 
 
10
141
 
 
 
(15
582
 
 
 
(143
741
 

 

Basic earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Basic shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
753
 
 
 
21
781
 
 
 
21
819
 
 
 
21
905
 

 

Diluted earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
753
 
 
 
23
215
 
 
 
21
819
 
 
 
21
905
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2014
 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which
 was granted on September&#xA0;26
 2013 to settle the private
 securities class action pending against the Company and two of the
 Company&#x2019;s former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of
 $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and
 a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the
 stock market on August&#xA0;20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company
 recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the
 fair value of the stock settlement in Selling
 general and
 administrative expenses.



 
 

In the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company refinanced its
 debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt
 refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree&#x2019;s
 warrant exercise to (1)&#xA0;prepay approximately $348 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit
 Facility
 (2)&#xA0;prepay approximately $276 million of
 indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior
 Notes
 (3)&#xA0;pay approximately $32.3 million of prepayment
 premiums to the holders of the Oaktree Senior Notes resulting in a
 debt extinguishment loss of approximately $83.0 million.




 
 
In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 5 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.



 
 
During the preparation of
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal
 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate
 used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax
 rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted
 in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax
 liability balance at July&#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3 million
 understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. Refer to
 Note 1 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

702)
        

911)
        

336)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Foreign currency translation adjustments
 net of tax

116
        

878)
        

345)
        


Change in pension liabilities
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

122)
        

310
        

018)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Gains and losses on derivatives
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

626
        
        
        

684)
        


        

076)
        

948)
        

020)
        

      
        

      



              

 and 2012



              

 2013
 and 2012



              

 for fiscal 2014
 and 2013








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

330)

416)


        

330)

416)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

786)

612)


        

922)

758)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(1) Organization and
 Basis of Presentation


 


 Inc. (the &#x201C;Company&#x201D; or &#x201C;Diamond&#x201D;) is an
 innovative packaged food company focused on building and energizing
 brands. Diamond specializes in processing
 marketing and
 distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient
 nuts. In 2004
 Diamond complemented its strong heritage in the
 culinary nut market under the Diamond of California
 brand by launching a line of snack nuts under the
 Emerald
 brand. In 2008
 Diamond acquired the Pop Secret
 brand of microwave popcorn products
 which provided the Company
 with increased scale in the snack market
 significant supply chain
 economies of scale and cross promotional opportunities with its
 existing brands. In March 2010
 Diamond acquired Kettle Foods
 a
 leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip
 markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 which added the complementary premium Kettle Brand
 to Diamond&#x2019;s existing portfolio of leading brands in the
 snack industry. Diamond sells its products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store
 chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other retail
 channels and non-retail channels.


 its operating results on the basis of a fiscal year that starts
 August&#xA0;1 and ends July&#xA0;31. Diamond refers to the fiscal
 years ended July&#xA0;31
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 as &#x201C;fiscal
 2012
&#x201D; &#x201C;fiscal 2013&#x201D; and &#x201C;fiscal
 2014&#x201D;
 respectively.
Basis of
 Presentation


 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period
 presentation.
Revision of Financial
 Statements


 preparation of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the Company determined that the statutory
 income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not
 correct as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. This was due to a change in the
 statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred
 income tax liability balance at July&#xA0;31
 2013 and a $3.3
 million understatement of the income tax benefit for the year. The
 Company assessed the materiality of the error in accordance with
 Securities and Exchange Commission (&#x201C;SEC&#x201D;) Staff
 Accounting Bulletin No.&#xA0;99
 and concluded
 that this error was not material to the fiscal 2013 consolidated
 financial statements. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&#xA0;108

 Misstatements When Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
 Financial Statements

 error
 the Company revised the 2013 consolidated financial
 statements.

 &#xA0;


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
(12
957
 
 
 
(3
321
 
 
 
(16
278
 

 

Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 

 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
As
 Reported
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
106
767
 
 
 
(3
249
 
 
 
103
518
 

 

Retained earnings
 (deficit)

 
 
(160
673
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(157
352
 



Accumulated other
 comprehensive income

 
 
4
079
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
007
 

 

Total stockholders&#x2019;
 equity

 
 
166
720
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
169
969
 



Total liabilities and
 stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 
1
172
315
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
172
315
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
(11
412
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(14
733
 

 

Net cash provided by
 operating activities

 
 
44
261
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
261
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Other comprehensive income
 (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax

 
 
(5
806
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
878
 

 

Other comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
197
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
(159
948
 

 
Use of
 Estimates


 of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
 statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ
 materially from these estimates.

 &#xA0;


 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.
Certain Risks and
 Concentrations


 Company&#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 16% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 9% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 2013 or 2012.
Principles of
 Consolidation


 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.
Foreign Currency
 Translation


 currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations is the
 applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 rate in effect during the applicable period. The translation
 adjustments are deferred as a separate component of
 Stockholders&#x2019; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive
 income. Translation adjustments recognized in accumulated other
 comprehensive income were $22.1 million and ($5.9) million as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014 and July&#xA0;31
 2013
 respectively.
Cash and Cash
 Equivalents


 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at the date of
 purchase of three months or less. Cash equivalents are recognized
 at fair value. At July&#xA0;31
 2014
 we had a total of $5.3
 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $3.9 million
 was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our
 intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign
 earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working
 capital and expand operations.
 


 are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or
 weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut
 purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their
 walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to
 the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price
 for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal
 year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.

 &#xA0;
Property
 Plant and
 Equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are
 computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
 lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and
 ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and
 software.
Slotting and Other
 Contractual Arrangements


 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.
Research and
 Development Costs


 research and development costs as incurred. Such costs include
 materials
 equipment
 facilities
 personnel
 contract services and
 other indirect costs that are related to research and development
 In fiscal 2014
 we recorded approximately $4.0
 million of research and development costs within Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of
 Operations.
Impairment of
 Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill


 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 360

 Plant
 and Equipment
 intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 350

 &#x2014; Goodwill and Other

 indications of possible impairment.


 determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant
 judgment that is dependent on internal forecasts
 including
 estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates
 for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be
 realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these
 estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination
 of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of
 these assets exceeds their carrying value based on
 management&#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.


 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.


 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset.


 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes in fiscal 2013
 goodwill impairment is now tested
 at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating
 segments (See Note 12 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further detail regarding the Company&#x2019;s
 reportable segments). The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.
Employee
 Benefits


 incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
 qualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are
 made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation
 increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different
 assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of
 expense over different periods of time.
Revenue
 Recognition


 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.
Promotion and
 Advertising Costs


 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50

 Recognition &#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives
 Advertising expenses were $43.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $41.5
 million in fiscal 2013 and $37.9 million in fiscal 2012.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.1 million
 $3.5 million
 and $5.8 million for
 fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.
Shipping and Handling
 Costs


 to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net
 sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales as
 incurred.
Income
 Taxes


 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
s
&#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at currently
 enacted tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax
 assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely
 than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
 not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based
 on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation
 allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts
 will not be recovered.


 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.
Derivative Financial
 Instruments


 quarter of fiscal 2014
 Oaktree exercised the warrant issued as
 part of the Oaktree transaction. Diamond accounted for the warrant
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.
Fair Value of
 Financial Instruments


 of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s notes payable
 and long-term obligations except its Notes at the end of each
 fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the balance
 sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to
 current interest rates and terms for similar financial
 instruments.
Stock-Based
 Compensation


 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
.&#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.
Related Party
 Transactions


 and fiscal 2013
 three members of the Diamond Board of Directors
 were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond purchased
 walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&#xA0;In fiscal
 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 costs associated with the
 acquisition of walnuts from these related parties were
 approximately $18.7 million for the 2013 crop
 $15.5 million for
 the 2012 crop and $4.7 million for the 2011 crop respectively
 of
 which $3.5 million and $4.4 million were included in payables as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.
Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements


 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02
 &#x201C;Comprehensive

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#x201D;
 requires an entity to report the effect of significant
 reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on
 the respective line items in net income if the amount being
 reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net
 income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified
 in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required
 under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
 December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual
 periods. The Company adopted this guidance in fiscal 2014 and the
 adoption did not have a material impact on its consolidated
 financial statements.



 &#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#x201D;
 This new guidance provides specific financial statement
 presentation requirements for an unrecognized tax benefit when a
 net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax
 credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an
 unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented
 as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 2014

 &#x201C;Presentation of
 Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an entity.&#x201D;
 provides new criteria for reporting discontinued operations and
 specifically indicates a disposal of a component of an entity or a
 group of components of an entity is required to be reported in
 discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic
 shift that will have a major effect on the Company&#x2019;s
 operations and financial results. The new guidance also requires
 expanded disclosures for discontinued operations. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2014. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

 Customers (Topic 606
 criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or
 services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to
 which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
 to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been
 recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the
 future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative
 information will be provided about the significant judgments and
 changes in those judgments that management made to determine the
 revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the
 first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
 after December&#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The
 Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and
 has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
 its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-12

 718).&#x201D;
 accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
 provide that a performance target could be achieved after the
 requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance
 target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the
 requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. A
 reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it
 relates to awards with performance conditions and compensation cost
 should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
 that the performance target will be achieved. The standard will be
 effective for the first interim period within annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance
 and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a
 material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15

Subtopic
 205-40).
 responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about
 an entity&#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to
 provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#x2019;s evaluation
 should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known
 and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements
 are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim
 period within annual reporting periods beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
 does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe
 that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on
 its consolidated financial statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


























 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options to purchase shares of common stock
 outstanding
        
        

495
791

457
076

079
535

771
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

685

024

184
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock issued
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

450
000

450
000


        

450
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Warrants to purchase common stock
 issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

400
000

420
859

420
859
        
        


Exercise price of warrants
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

200
000
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

420
859
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Aggregate Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

070

892

577

668

801

905

844

462

207

012

418


        

289

096

928

933

058

350

569

546

246

523

721



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736

955

175


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

568

133

122



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

471

057

243


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

678

390

599




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        
        


        

622

823
        


        

260

745
        


Machinery
 equipment and software

159

294
        


        

368

024
        


        

678

420
        


        

087

306
        


        

088)

145)
        


        

108)

936)
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

891

225
        

      
        

      



              

 equipment and software as of July 31
 2014 and July 31








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 examples include
 but are not limited to
 walkways
 driveways
 fences
 and parking lots. Excludes land held for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of operations for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
(12
957
 
 
 
(3
321
 
 
 
(16
278
 

 

Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Shares used to compute
 earnings (loss) per share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 

 

 
 
21
813
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
813
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheet as of July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
As
 Reported
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
106
767
 
 
 
(3
249
 
 
 
103
518
 

 

Retained earnings
 (deficit)

 
 
(160
673
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(157
352
 



Accumulated other
 comprehensive income

 
 
4
079
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
007
 

 

Total stockholders&#x2019;
 equity

 
 
166
720
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
169
969
 



Total liabilities and
 stockholders&#x2019; equity

 
 
1
172
315
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
172
315
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred income
 taxes

 
 
(11
412
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(14
733
 

 

Net cash provided by
 operating activities

 
 
44
261
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
261
 

 


 the revision on the line items within the Company&#x2019;s
 consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year
 ended July&#xA0;31
 2013 is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As
 Revised
 

 


Net (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
232
 
 
 
3
321
 
 
 
(159
911
 

 

Other comprehensive income
 (loss):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 translation adjustments
 net of tax

 
 
(5
806
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
878
 

 

Other comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Comprehensive (loss)
 income

 
 
(163
197
 
 
 
3
249
 
 
 
(159
948
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 and (3) the effect of the prior period adjustments (both gross and net of applicable income tax) on the net income of each prior period presented in the entity's annual report for the year in which the adjustments are made.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

Jul. 31


Apr. 30


Jan. 31


Oct. 31


Jul. 31


Apr. 30


Jan. 31


Oct. 31

    

Jul. 31


Apr. 30


Jan. 31


Oct. 31


Jul. 31


Apr. 30


Jan. 31


Oct. 31

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

300
000
        
        


        

100
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

845
000

306
000
        


        

400
000
        
        


        

700
000
        
        


        

700
000
        
        


Unrecognized tax benefits
 potential benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate on earnings

000

000

000


        

000

000)

000)


        

000

000

000


        

000

000

000


        

000

000

000


Potential reduction in total unrecognized tax benefits
 maximum

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

700
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        


State tax credits
 Expiration year
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Expiration Year
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 of Period
 
 
 


 Expenses
 
 
 

 Reserves&#xA0;(1)
 
 
 
 Period
 



Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
44
632
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
632
 



Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
44
632
 
 
 
54
674
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
99
306
 

 

Year ended July&#xA0;31
 2014

 
 
99
306
 
 
 
51
539
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
150
845
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
(11) Commitments and
 Contingencies



In re
 Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative
 Litigation


 putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior
 Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond and naming certain executive
 officers and the members of Diamond&#x2019;s board of directors as
 individual defendants. These lawsuits
 which related principally to
 the Company&#x2019;s accounting for certain payments to walnut
 growers in fiscal 2010 and 2011
 were subsequently consolidated as

 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
 which purports to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement.
 Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a
 proposed settlement and the court entered an order granting final
 approval of the settlement on August&#xA0;19
 2013.
 On&#xA0;September&#xA0;23
 2013
 a Notice of Appeal from the order
 granting final approval was filed by a single stockholder. No date
 for this hearing on this appeal has been scheduled. The Company
 will continue to incur costs associated with this action
 and
 depending on the ultimate outcome
 could continue to do so
 and
 management&#x2019;s attention may be diverted to this matter. This
 could have a material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s
 business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Labeling
 Class Action Cases


 January&#xA0;3
 2014
 Deena Klacko first filed a putative class
 action against Diamond in the Southern District of Florida
 alleging that certain ingredients contained in the Company&#x2019;s
 TIAS tortilla chip product were not natural and seeking damages and
 injunctive relief. The lawsuit alleged five causes of actions
 alleging violations of Florida&#x2019;s Deceptive and Unfair Trade
 Practices Act
 negligent misrepresentation
 breach of implied
 warranty for particular purpose
 breach of express warranty and the
 Magnuson-Warranty Act. The complaint seeks to certify a class of
 Florida consumers who purchased TIAS tortilla chips since
 January&#xA0;3
 2010. On January&#xA0;9
 2014
 Dominika Surzyn
 brought a similar class action against Diamond relating to our TIAS
 tortilla chips in federal court for the Northern District of
 California. Surzyn purports to represent a class of California
 consumers who purchased said Kettle TIAS products since
 January&#xA0;9
 2010.


 April&#xA0;2
 2014
 Richard Hall filed a putative class action
 against the Company in San Francisco Superior Court
 alleging that
 certain ingredients contained in the Company&#x2019;s Kettle Brand
 chips and TIAS Tortilla Chips are not natural and seeking damages
 and injunctive relief. The complaint purports to assert seven
 causes of action for alleged violations of California&#x2019;s
 Business and Profession&#x2019;s Code
 California&#x2019;s Consumer
 Legal Remedies Act and for restitution based on
 quasi-contract/unjust enrichment. Plaintiff purports to bring this
 action on his own behalf
 as well as on behalf of all consumers in
 the United States
 or alternatively
 California
 within four years
 of the filing of the complaint who purchased certain of
 Diamond&#x2019;s Kettle Brand Chips or Kettle Brand TIAS tortilla
 chips.


 denies all allegations in these cases. Following mediation and
 settlement discussions among plaintiffs&#x2019; counsel in Klacko
 Surzyn and Hall
 the parties entered into a settlement agreement
 and it is expected that they will resolve all claims on a
 nationwide basis and include: Diamond to take certain injunctive
 relief measures to confirm labeling compliance matters;
 establishment of a $3.0 million common fund for claims made
 available to the class and for the payment of class administration
 and attorneys&#x2019; fees; and any funds unclaimed by the class to
 to a charity as a food donation. The
 settlement is subject to court approval and the plaintiffs intend
 to file preliminary approval papers. The Company has recognized the
 related settlement charges within the consolidated financial
 statements for fiscal 2014. The Company cannot predict with
 certainty the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits
 and an
 unfavorable outcome in excess of amounts recognized as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 with respect to one or more of these
 proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company&#x2019;s results of operations for the periods in which a
 loss is recognized.

 


 involved in various legal actions in the ordinary course of the
 Company&#x2019;s business.

 &#xA0;


 does not believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome
 or resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate
 the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those
 proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of
 these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions
 of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or
 settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&#x2019;s financial
 position
 results of operations and cash flows.


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company had $4.9 million of letters of
 credit outstanding related to normal business transactions and
 commitments of $4.0 million to purchase new equipment.


 expense for the fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $5.4 million
 $5.3
 million and $5.5 million
 respectively.


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Operating
 Leases
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
4
683
 

 

 

 
 
4
054
 



 

 
 
3
730
 

 

 

 
 
3
597
 



 

 
 
3
518
 

 

 

 
 
8
508
 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
28
090
 


 
 

 


 

 

 


 July&#xA0;31
 2014
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Capital
 Leases
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
3
195
 

 

 

 
 
3
195
 



 

 
 
3
108
 

 

 

 
 
1
503
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 



Total minimum
 payments

 
 
12
466
 

 

Less amount representing
 interest

 
 
(1
540
 


 
 

 


 

 



Present value of capital
 lease obligations

 
 
10
926
 


 
 

 


 



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

070
        

892
        

577
        

668
        

801
        

905
        

844
        

462
        

207
        

012
        

418
        


        

289
        

096
        

928
        

933
        

058
        

350
        

569
        

546
        

246
        

523
        

721
        


        

161
        

320
        

913
        

190
        

880
        

230
        

935
        

742
        

584
        

787
        

358
        


        

856)
        

633)
        

060)
        

153)
        

741)
        

582)
        

141
        

729)
        

702)
        

911)
        

336)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

993
        

119
        

052
        

954
        

905
        

819
        

781
        

753
        

033
        

813
        

692
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

993
        

119
        

052
        

954
        

905
        

819
        

215
        

753
        

033
        

813
        

692
        

      
        

      



              

 the Company reached a preliminary approval of which was granted on September 26
 2013 to settle the private securities class action pending against the Company and two of the Company's former officers. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recognized an aggregate settlement liability of $96.1 million which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August 20
 2013. For fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded a loss of $38.1 million a as a result of the change in the fair value of the stock settlement in Selling



              

 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1 million. Refer to Note 11 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally



              

 the Company refinanced its debt capital structure. The Company used the net proceeds of debt refinancing transaction including proceeds from Oaktree's warrant exercise to (1) prepay approximately $348 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Secured Credit Facility
 (2) prepay approximately $276 million of indebtedness outstanding under
 and terminate
 the Oaktree Senior Notes



              

 the Company determined that the statutory income tax rate used to value United Kingdom deferred taxes was not correct as of July 31
 2013. This was due to a change in the statutory tax rate enacted in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 which resulted in a $3.2 million overstatement of the net deferred income tax liability balance at July 31



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













