

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-14-001356
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140411
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54959
		FILM NUMBER:		14761076
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 UNION SQUARE WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-419-4924
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 UNION SQUARE WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 610
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003









     








WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 2013

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


to _____________





Charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

1 Union Square West
 Suite 610
 New York
 NY
    
    


        
        
    
    





the Act: 



 $0.0001 par value


issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.



reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.



(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 



filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated
filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Act (Check one):



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).



500
computed by reference to the price at which the registrant&rsquo;s common equity was last sold
 as of the last business day of
the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.


 2014 the Registrant had 32
910
000 shares of its
Common Stock outstanding.





    
    




are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding
the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and
other factors that may cause actual results
 performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future
results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made
in this Report are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company&rsquo;s plans and objectives
are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving the growth and expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve
judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although
the Company believes that its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could
prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this Report will prove to
be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report
 the
inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the objectives
and plans of the Company will be achieved.


 the terms &ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and &quot;Eurocan&quot; means Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
 unless otherwise
indicated.








 Ltd. is an online marketing and media solutions
firm specializing in digital interactive media. Digital interactive media refers to products and services on digital computer-based
systems that respond to the user&rsquo;s actions by presenting content such as text
 graphics
 animation
 video and audio
 and
includes the internet
 social media
 mobile communications and digital interactive signage.


targeted advertising and marketing campaigns with
 what our management believes to be
 greater efficiency and more quantifiable
results than traditional marketing strategies. Traditional marketing refers to marketing campaigns carried out in the form of outdoor
(i.e. billboards and posters)
 TV commercials
 radio commercials
 trade show presence
 and direct mail advertising. Digital campaigns
eliminate the costs related to campaign setup
 execution
 and measurement regardless of how many channels are included in a campaign.
Our management believes that marketing campaigns utilizing digital interactive media provide greater value to our clients through
reduced print advertising costs (i.e. brochures and flyers) and media space buys (i.e. print ads) than traditional methods. Our
management is also of the view that digital campaigns provide results that are more determinate in that the amount of clicks
 opens
page views
 coupon redemption can be observed instantaneously
 yielding a more immediate measure of ROI than traditional media.




 the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (&quot;JOBS
Act&quot;) was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides
 among other things:





Amendments to certain provisions of the federal securities laws to simplify the sale of securities and increase the threshold
number of record holders required to trigger the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
 as amended;




    
    






Exemption from registration by a non-reporting company of offers and sales of securities of up to $1
000
000 that comply with
rules to be adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 4(6) of the Securities Act and exemption of such sales from state law registration
documentation or offering requirements.




 under the JOBS Act a company is an &ldquo;emerging growth
company&rdquo; if its initial public offering (&quot;IPO&quot;) of common equity securities was effected after December 8
 2011
and such company had less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during its last completed fiscal year. A company will
no longer qualify as an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; after the earliest of:


total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more;


of the company's IPO;


debt in the prior three-year period; or


as defined under the Exchange Act
 as amended.




non-reporting companies and for non-public offerings. Those exemptions that impact Eurocan are discussed below.

. The financial disclosure in a registration
statement filed by an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; pursuant to the Securities Act
 will differ from registration statements
filed by other companies as follows:


years;


that were audited;


limited format now required for &ldquo;smaller reporting companies&rdquo;.


provided with the above exemptions under Regulation S-K.


firm from having to comply with any rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (&quot;PCAOB&quot;) after the
date of the JOBS Act's enactment
 except as otherwise required by SEC rule.


from any requirement adopted by the PCAOB for mandatory rotation of our accounting firm or for a supplemental auditor report about
the audit.

. The JOBS Act also provides
an exemption from the requirement of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to file a report on the Company's
internal control over financial reporting
 although management of the Company is still required to file its report on the adequacy
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.


from the requirements in Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act for companies with a class of securities registered under
the Exchange Act
 to hold shareholder votes for executive compensation and golden parachutes.


    
    

 The JOBS Act also provides that
an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can communicate with potential investors that are qualified institutional buyers or institutions
that are accredited to determine interest in a contemplated offering either prior to or after the date of filing the respective
registration statement. The JOBS Act also permits research reports by a broker or dealer about an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo;
regardless of whether such report provides sufficient information for an investment decision. In addition the JOBS Act precludes
the SEC and FINRA from adopting certain restrictive rules or regulations regarding brokers
 dealers and potential investors
 communications
with management and distribution of a research reports on the &ldquo;emerging growth company&rsquo;s&rdquo; IPOs.


to submit registration statements under the Securities Act
 as amended
 on a confidential basis provided that the registration
statement and all amendments thereto are publicly filed at least 21 days before the issuer conducts any road show. This is intended
to allow &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo; to explore the IPO option without disclosing to the market the fact that it is
seeking to go public or disclosing the information contained in its registration statement until the company is ready to conduct
a roadshow.

. Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo; from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act
 as amended
 registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act
 as amended) are required to comply with the new
or revised financial accounting standard.


extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to
opt out is irrevocable. Eurocan has elected not to opt out of the transition period.




2004
 for the purpose of engaging in internet marketing and promotion. On August 31
 2006
 we acquired all the issued and outstanding
shares of Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 NY (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;). At the time of the acquisition
 MWW had been providing
web development and internet services to various clients in New York City for a period of seven years. The acquisition of MWW resulted
in a change in control of Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd.
 with Michael Williams
 the sole stockholder of MWW acquiring 7
500
000 shares
of our common stock and majority control of Eurocan. MWW is our only subsidiary.


through MWW
 which is also our sole source of revenue. MWW&rsquo;s website is located on the internet at http://mwonlinemarketing.com.
The information contained on MWW&rsquo;s website is not incorporated in
 and does not form a part of
 this annual report.


 Suite 610
New York
 NY 10003. Our telephone number is (212) 419-4924. Our facsimile number is (866) 602-2458.




designed to increase sales and reinforce market presence for our clients. Our management believes that targeted digital interactive
media can deliver more measurable results for our clients than traditional media
 at a lower cost to us due to more focused targeted
offerings to consumers and
 often
 due to less competition from traditional advertisers. The use of highly targeted media also
enables us to use market research to more efficiently capitalize on consumer preferences.


 on a case-by-case basis
to be the most effective combination of platforms (e.g. email
 websites
 social media
 audio and video) for our clients. We use
a &ldquo;360 degree&rdquo; approach to our campaigns by zeroing in on a target group likely to be receptive to a specific message
and surrounding it from every angle
 using a variety of media to touch customers at different points along the decision-to-buy
pathway.


    
    


 we begin any campaign with defining the client and brand
message. Next
 we determine how to best adopt cross-platform methods to maximize impact and impressions. We then implement our
advertising campaigns through a combination of digital and traditional advertising platforms such as
 online banner ads
 pay-per-click
advertising
 video
 and advertising through online social marketing (Facebook
 Twitter
 etc). Finally
 we conduct a post-campaign
analysis of the campaign&rsquo;s effectiveness. We track the impressions of all digital media as well as identify the results from
traditional advertising
 and generate a marketing effectiveness report detailing the projected return on investment and next steps
for the client. This enables us to make further adjustments as required.


blasts to targeted databases
 advertising on specialized web sites and key internet web pages combined with social media and the
development of innovative audio and video products. A comprehensive mix of digital media advertising for one of our campaigns would
typically include:






mobile distribution
 such as mobile messaging
 text messages and short messaging service;

online publication outreach
 such as articles placed on targeted industry websites





social network and media content creation and management
 such as Facebook and Twitter;

viral marketing campaigns
 such as YouTube;






of digital interactive media campaigns
 our comprehensive approach includes the incorporation of traditional advertising methods
into the digital mix
 where appropriate
 to fully engage the target markets. This may include print materials (e.g. print ads
brochures
 direct mail)
 printed media advertising placement (also known as &ldquo;media buys&rdquo;) and television and radio
broadcast ads.






direct response advertising and marketing
 such as direct mail
 DirecTV;

traditional media buying activities for promotion
 such as television
 radio and newspapers;

promotional programs
 such as coupons; and

events outreach
 such as sponsorships and participation at events with attendees from the target market.


 we implement processes
protocols and delivery systems leveraging state-of-the-art digital interactive media technology
 such as the internet
 mobile communications
and digital interactive signage
 to develop targeted
 effective
 quantifiable
 cost-effective and comprehensive campaigns that
can be efficiently delivered to local and regional markets.


in order to specialize in solutions that are designed to meet a specific industry's advertising needs. Our management believes
that by targeting such vertical markets sharing common needs
 we will be able to position Eurocan in a market niche that will foster
growth
 improve stability and secure market share. We are initially focusing on information-intensive vertical market segments
that are looking to change their approach to advertising from traditional methods and into measurable digital media.




based upon the hourly billing rates of our employees or agents. These hourly billing rates differ depending on the service provided.
All projects are estimated in full based on hourly billing rates and the number of hours estimated to complete the project
 start
to finish. Clients are required to authorize all estimates before projects commence.

    
    


invoices within 30 days of receipt. Customers are required to pay a 50 percent deposit upon acceptance of the project estimate
and before project initiation.


revenue net of sales
 use and value added taxes. A portion of our revenue is derived from performance-based commissions and other
performance incentives tied to the quality of our services and the success of our media and advertising campaigns. Commissions
must be agreed upon by our clients before work commences.




and implementing the following services that our management believes would complement our suite of digital interactive media marketing
solutions:




as &quot;software on demand&rdquo; is software that is deployed over the internet or is deployed to run behind a firewall on a
local area network or personal computer. With SaaS
 a provider licenses an application to customers as a service on demand
 through
a subscription
 in a &quot;pay-as-you-go&quot; model. As a result
 SaaS enables businesses to avoid making a significant investment
in software.


 SaaS was widely deployed for sales force automation and
customer relationship management. More recently
 it has become a tool for many business tasks
 including computerized billing
invoicing
 human resource management
 financials
 content management
 collaboration
 document management
 and service desk management.
By developing and offering SaaS
 we will be able to further leverage advertising buys (purchase of space to place a web-based ad)
to clients with advertising placement on SaaS applications. Our clients will be able to offer a SaaS application
 such as Gmail
online at no charge and brand it with their unique marketing message. Revenue would be generated from banner ads and pay per click
ads that are placed on the SaaS application as well as the hosting fee for the application.


 we will also be able to provide our clients with
a lower-cost method by which to use software on an as needed basis rather than licensing all devices with all applications. Through
well-designed implementation and properly priced licenses
 our on-demand SaaS can provide license benefits without associated complexity
and without the cost of equipping devices with unneeded applications.


 we will be able to price applications on a per-user
basis and/or per business basis
 sometimes with a relatively small minimum number of users and often with additional fees for extra
bandwidth and storage. We anticipate that our SaaS revenue streams will initially be lower initially than traditional software
license fees
 but recurring and therefore more predictable
 much like maintenance fees for licensed software. We expect SaaS fees
to be a source of continuous revenue for Eurocan.


opportunity for revenue growth through both licensing and advertising. Our development of SaaS
 and the related licensing and advertising
opportunities they bring
 are expected to net out to approximately a 40 percent increase in our revenue.


focus on new markets like small business in our target vertical by creating a lower entry price point and a pay-as-you-go model.
We will develop an infrastructure flexible enough to allow channel partners to resell and re-brand our SaaS services
 which will
be simplified to better serve limited information technology resources. Simplifying the product and restricting the functionality
will prevent overlap with existing and future licensed products. Next
 we will manage the implementation process and own the move-add-change
requirements not handled by the customer. Finally we will allow partners to build value-added services on top of our solution by
bundling their own services or by adding business process/vertical experts.


months. We plan to hire 2-3 consultants to develop SaaS over the next 24 months
 with sales/marketing to commence in the following
nine months. The estimated projected costs associated with development and implementation are of SaaS are $300
000.

    
    

Other Income Streams from Emerging Digital Interactive Media
Applications


products such as iPhone
 iPad
 Android and other smart phones and mobile communication devices as well as the extensive array of
mobile applications that go with them by developing customized media products for clients for office and business use
 shopping
travel
 music
 communications and more. These devices and applications create accessibility for the consumer and new market opportunities
for our clients. As new mobile technologies expand the concept of &ldquo;office&rdquo; or &ldquo;home
&rdquo; our clients&rsquo;
customers could receive product or service messages anywhere in the world.


devices and applications we will be able to deliver greater visibility
 higher brand awareness and high impact creative for our
clients. Utilizing mobile applications and smartphone technology as part of our clients&rsquo; marketing campaign strategy will
also enable us to better reach client prospects and consumers in a more targeted and effective way. Each of these campaigns will
be individualized to our clients&rsquo; needs and goals.


 there will be a learning
curve associated with familiarizing clients with what is available in mobile communications
 in the applications that can be used
and how they are used. Even the technology is itself an obstacle due to the rapid pace with which it changes. To address this
we plan to engage two mobile communications experts in the coming year who will be strictly devoted to mobile communications marketing.
Our first hire will be engaged as the team expert consultant and a recognized industry expert. This hire is projected to be completed
in the coming 4-6 months. The consultant will assess the opportunities within the competitive landscape as they relate to current
clients. The second expert to be brought on as an employee with in-depth technical knowledge will be hired to work closely with
the consultant to fully carry out the project management and development of the technology.


planned to be fully staffed and operational in 12-18 months
 at an estimated annual cost of $160
000. We expect that the development
of campaigns deployed through mobile applications and devices and the related advertising opportunities they bring will increase
our net revenue by 40 percent.




 the hosting of applications and web sites as
well as back-up maintenance has become a top priority. When websites are inaccessible
 or perform poorly
 those businesses with
an online presence are at risk of losing valuable corporate documents and files in addition to revenue and customer loyalty. To
enable our clients to maximize their internet exposure
 we intend to develop a managed hosting service. Managed hosting incorporates
web-based applications in a high performance
 centralized environment that can be accessed from anywhere
 anytime. As a managed
hosting service provider we would provide a dedicated team of engineers to proactively manage a client&rsquo;s infrastructure so
the client is no longer required to monitor servers
 create backups
 or update patches. Additionally
 clients outsourcing their
managed hosting services from us would be able to save on information technology costs related to internal maintenance.


our managed hosting service will also provide us with a low cost hosting solution for our SaaS applications. It will furthermore
provide a platform for the distribution of banner ads across web sites
 applications
 and mobile technologies. We believe that
these services will facilitate more diverse advertising opportunities and enable higher returns on advertising investments for
our clients
 with increased sales
 successful branding
 and ultimately more profits. We plan to implement managed hosting over
the next 24 months by leasing a dedicated server from an outside vendor. We estimate the cost of leasing this server to be under
$700 per month. We expect our managed hosting service to generate $500 per month in gross revenue per client
 resulting in as much
as a 20 percent increase in our net revenue.


to oversee the migration of our clients&rsquo; data to ensure critical data is migrated smoothly to a new hosting environment.
This expert will also serve as an on-site client consultant when the migration commences. By offering the additional on-site consulting
services at an hourly rate to clients
 we estimate additional revenue of $1
000-$5
000 for each new client during the initial hosting
period
 which would vary depending on the amount of data and level of complexity. Hiring of that individual is expected to take
place within the coming 12-16 months. Once this professional is in place
 the hosting service is expected to be operational within
8-12 weeks.

    
    





both telemarketing and direct sales. We advertise our products and services through several media sources including trade journals
and online advertising. Over the next 12 months we intend to implement a sales and marketing strategy that will employ a number
of promotional tools to reach prospective clients and establish our brand. These tools will include the following:

 We will develop relationships with strategic
core partners that complement our digital interactive media services.

 We intend to establish arrangements
with select local media
 such as television and radio networks
 to produce high-impact commercials to promote our services and
drive prospective clients to our website.

: We will compile a comprehensive e-mail marketing
list of businesses in North America with an initial focus on client-rich
 major metropolitan areas on the East Coast (e.g. New
York
 Philadelphia)
 before expanding to other regions for a nationwide footprint. We plan to distribute advertising and marketing
strategy briefs to businesses such as
 Fortune 500 corporations
 retailers of consumer and business goods
 financial institutions
pharmaceutical companies
 educational institutions
 software developers
 high tech companies and many others. E-mails may contain
blogging strategy
 viral video examples
 benefits of search engine optimization
 etc.

: We will issue multiple press releases each
month describing new business developments. The releases will be distributed via PR Newswire
 both with traditional distribution
and on-line
 and posted to our web-site.

: We plan to produce videos demonstrating
our capabilities and include comments on strategies and the implementation of such strategies to prospective clients. The videos
will also include client testimonials.

: We will develop and distribute a marketing kit for
delivery to our prospective customers
 outlining our service offerings.

: We will update and upgrade our web site for a more
complete description of our Company and our services. Our web site will be search engine optimized to maximize traffic and attention.

: We intend to create a blog site that is search engine
optimized and can be viewed on our home page. We will routinely comment on news
 stories
 and events regarding digital interactive
media or new media
 and provide strategic and tactical methods of leveraging these trends. Blogs will include video and the latest
techniques in the blogosphere.




fragmented
 and we do not hold a significant competitive position within it. Our competitors include several integrated marketing
communications conglomerates such as
 Omnicom
 WPP
 Publicis and Interpublic
 and numerous small and mid-sized agencies that operate
independently. Many of our competitors are large
 well established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater
capital resources than we have and which have been engaged in advertising and marketing for a much longer time than we have.


 we expect
there to be significant competition from companies similar to ours
 as well as from larger and more established companies. Since
there are no substantial barriers to entry in this market
 our management believes that our ability to compete depends upon many
factors within and beyond our control
 including:

    
    









the ease of use
 performance
 price and reliability of the company's products and services.


attracting customers will include our brand recognition
 customer service
 innovative technology and creativity
 our ability to
deliver targeted audiences and the overall cost-effectiveness of our services. Our management believes that the number of companies
relying on revenue from their investment in digital advertising will increase substantially in the future. Additionally we believe
that planned services
 including software as a service
 managed hosting and digital interactive media applications
 will further
complement our current suite of digital media capabilities.




 service
mark
 copyright and trade secret law and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our proprietary rights and promote our
reputation and the growth of our business. We do not own any patents. We expect that
 in the future
 we will require our employees
consultants and independent contractors to enter into agreements containing non-disclosure
 non-competition and non-solicitation
restrictions and covenants
 and we expect to include in our agreements with some of our customers and suppliers provisions prohibiting
or restricting the disclosure of proprietary information; however
 we can give no assurance that these contractual arrangements
or the other steps taken by us to protect our proprietary rights will prove sufficient protection to prevent misappropriation of
our proprietary rights or to deter independent
 third-party development of similar proprietary assets.




resources to comply with any governmental regulations of the advertising industry. We are subject to the laws and regulations of
those jurisdictions in which we plan to sell our services
 which are generally applicable to business operations
 such as business
licensing requirements
 income taxes and payroll taxes. In general
 the development and operation of our business is not subject
to special regulatory or supervisory requirements. We do not believe we are currently subject to any environmental or similar laws.




our business
 or which could result in any material compliance costs to us or effects on our business.




 we have no permanent staff
other than Mr. Michael Williams
 who is our President
 CEO
 and treasurer. Our operating subsidiary has five full-time subcontractors.
We intend to hire more employees through our operating subsidiary as we implement our business plan and as may be required.




 health
 annuity
 insurance
 stock
options
 profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however
 we may adopt such plans in the future. There are presently no personal
benefits available to our officers or directors. See &ldquo;Executive Compensation&rdquo;.






by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

    
    







by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.






space at 1 Union Square West
 Suite 610
 New York
 NY 10003 as our corporate offices at an annual cost of $18
600. The space is
leased from an independent third party. Our management believes that such facilities will be sufficient for our use for the foreseeable
future and until we have begun to fully implement our business plan and require additional employees. We do not otherwise own or
have an interest in real property.






directors is a party to any material legal proceeding or litigation and such persons know of no material legal proceeding or contemplated
or threatened litigation. There are no judgments against Eurocan or its officers or directors. None of our officers or directors
have been convicted of a felony or misdemeanour relating to securities or performance in corporate office.


    
    




Market For Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities





trading of our common stock has occurred during the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available.
The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as
reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. and represents inter dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and
may not be reflective of actual transactions:



    
    
    

    
    
    

March 31
 2014
    
    

December 31
 2013
    
    

September 30
 2013
    
    

June 30
 2013
    
    

March 31
 2013
    
    

December 31
 2012
    
    

September 30
 2012
    
    

June 30
 2012
    
    





and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer Company
 4045 South Spencer Street Suite 403 Las Vegas
NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (800) 785-7782).


 2014
 the shareholders' list of our shares of common
stock showed 45 registered holders of our shares of common stock and 32
910
000 shares of common stock outstanding. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common
stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.




Our board of directors plans for Eurocan to retain future earnings
 if any
 to finance the expansion of our business and does not
intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.




which may potentially decrease our shareholders&rsquo; ability to easily transfer their shares. Broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in &quot;penny stocks&quot; are regulated. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less
than $5.00. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the
rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny
stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction
 and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer's account. In addition
 the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny
stock
 the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that must comply with the penny stock rules. Since our shares must
comply with such penny stock rules
 our shareholders will in all likelihood find it more difficult to sell their securities.

    
    







by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.





The following discussion and analysis of our plan of operation
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
 such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions.
Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors
 including those set forth under &quot;Description of Business&quot; and elsewhere in this annual
report.




in digital interactive media. We utilize state-of-the-art digital interactive media technology to efficiently develop quantifiable
and comprehensive advertising and marketing campaigns. By utilizing digital interactive media such as the internet
 mobile communications
and digital interactive signage
 our management believes that we can implement highly targeted campaigns to a local and global
market quickly and cost effectively.


presently sufficient to sustain our current level of operations for the next 12 months. Furthermore
 we anticipate that a minimum
of $500
000 will be required to expand the breadth and scope of our business (see &ldquo;Expansion of Business&rdquo;) and implement
our sales and marketing strategy (see &ldquo;Marketing Strategy&rdquo;). We plan to obtain the financing needed to sustain our
current operations and expand our business from a combination of capital sources and means
 including debt and equity financings.
Any future financing through equity investments will likely be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also
 the terms of securities
we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences
superior voting rights
 and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities
 which may have additional dilutive effects.
Further
 we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
accounting fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in
connection with certain securities we may issue
 such as convertible notes and warrants
 which will adversely impact our financial
condition.


on terms satisfactory to us
 or at all
 and we do not have any arrangements in place for any future financing. Our ability to obtain
financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets
 both generally and specifically in the advertising industry
and the fact that we have not generally been profitable
 which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the
amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities together with our revenue from operations is not sufficient to
satisfy our capital needs
 we may be required to curtail
 suspend or discontinue some or all of our operations
 and investors could
lose some or all of their investment. We have no plans
 arrangements or contingencies in place in the event that we suspend or
discontinue operations.


expert who will be strictly devoted to mobile communications marketing
 and one full-time managed hosting specialist to oversee
our managed hosting service. We do not otherwise expect any significant increase in the number of our employees. We intend to engage
independent contractors on an &ldquo;as needed&rdquo; basis for the remainder of our personnel requirements
 including sales and
marketing
 media content production and technical consulting. Except for certain capital lease purchases of equipment and systems
for our managed hosting service
 our management does not anticipate engaging in any research or development or purchasing any significant
amount of equipment. Our ability to engage such personnel or to purchase any such equipment will be dependent upon our ability
to raise additional financing as discussed above
 of which there can be no assurance.

    
    





since inception. When our cash flows from operations have been insufficient
 our activities have been financed from the proceeds
of share subscriptions and loans from management and non-affiliated third parties. We expect to continue to incur substantial losses
to implement our business plan. We have not established any source of equity or debt financing and there can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain sufficient funds to implement our business plan. As a result of the foregoing
 our auditors have expressed
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in our financial statements for the year ended December 31
2013. If we cannot continue as a going concern
 then investors may lose all of their investment.

Year Ended December 31
 2013 Compared to the Year Ended December
31
 2012


 2013 decreased to $64
036
from $122
320 for the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease in revenue can be directly attributed to a decrease in marketing
and professional networking.


 2013 decreased
to $137
587 compared to $164
084 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 due to decreased business activity. The Company generated
a loss from operations of $81
767 during the year ended December 31
 2013 compared to a loss from operations of $51
049 for the
year ended December 31
 2012.


649 for the
year ended December 31
 2013 (2012 - $44
991). The decrease in general and administrative expense was a result of a decrease in
utilities
 travel
 entertainment and office expenses.


275 for the year ended December
31
 2013 (2012 - $20
665). The decrease in management fees was a result of higher revenues.


032 for the year ended December
31
 2013 (2012 - $79
678). The decrease was a result of a decrease in legal fees.


631 for the year ended December 31
2013 (2012 - $18
750). The decrease in rent was a result of moving to a smaller office space.




 2013
 the Company had cash of $618 and a working
capital deficit of $77
315 compared to cash of $5
899 and a working capital deficit of $196
155 as of December 31
 2012. The Company&rsquo;s
decrease in cash and liquidity is attributable to a decrease in revenue.


 2013 the Company used $65
050
of cash for operating activities compared to $67
229 during the year ended December 31
 2012.


 2013
 the Company has funded its initial operations
through the issuance common stock
 loans from third parties and a loan from the President of the Company.


 2013
 the Company issued an unsecured convertible
note in the principal amount of $202
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) to Building 400 Ltd.
 an unrelated corporation domiciled outside
the United States (the &ldquo;Investor&rdquo;)
 in exchange for promissory notes previously issued by the Company in the aggregate
principal amount of $202
000. The Note bore interest at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable on the maturity date of December 31
2018
 and was convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at the rate of one share for every $0.01 of indebtedness
secured by the Note.


 2013
 the Investor delivered notice of its exercise
of a right under the Note to convert $202
000 in debt secured by the Note into 20
200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;). The issuance of the Shares was duly approved by resolution of the Registrant&rsquo;s Board of
Directors on November 12
 2013. The Shares were issued on November 13
 2013
 in a transaction that was exempt from registration
under section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Regulation S promulgated thereunder.

    
    



presently sufficient to sustain our current level of operations for the next 12 months. Furthermore
 we will require a minimum
of $500
000 to expand and market our business. We plan to improve our cash position by focusing on increasing sales
 improving
profitability and equity financings.






 web hosting
 and maintenance
services and is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 the service
is delivered
 and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company regularly reviews accounts receivable for any bad debts. Allowances
for doubtful accounts are based on an estimate of losses on customer receivable balances.


method. A contract is considered complete when all costs except insignificant items have been incurred and the final product is
delivered to the customer according to specifications. Revenues from time-and-material contracts are recognized as the work is
performed.




completed on individual contracts. These advance payments are recorded as deferred revenue on the balance sheet and reclassified
as revenue on the statement of operations only after the contract is considered completed and the revenue has been earned.




or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues
or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material.

Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.


by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.



    
    











FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012









    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM




 Suite 610

 NY 10003


sheets of Eurocan Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiary (collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and
the related consolidated statement of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the years then ended.
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audits.


of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to
above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Eurocan Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiary as of December
31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements
 the Company has suffered losses from operations and has a working capital deficit. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regards to these matters are
also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.



 LLP

 LLP


 Texas


 2014


    
    






    

 

 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
5
899

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
6
199

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
075

    
    
    

    
    
9
274

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
37
640
37
771

    
31
199
9
583

    
    
    

    
1
214
    

    
7
150
155
000

    
    
    

    
77
933
202
354

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 100
000
000 shares authorized
 par value $0.0001; None issued and outstanding
    
    

    
    
    


 900
000
000 shares authorized
 par value $0.0001; 32
910
000 and 12
710
000 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
3
291
1
271

    
    
    

    
246
691
46
711

    
    
    

    
(327
297
(241
062

    
    
    

    
(77
315
(193
080

    
    
    

    
    
9
274


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.


    
    






    
    
    

    
December 31
 2013
December 31
 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
64
036
122
320

    
    
    

    
8
216
9
285

    
    
    

    
55
820
113
035

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
631
18
750

    
38
649
44
991

    
14
275
20
665

    
74
032
79
678

    
    
    

    
137
587
164
084

    
    
    

    
(81
767
(51
049

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
742
8
805

    
(15
210
(14
774

    
    
    

    
(4
468
(5
969

    
    
    

    
(86
235
(57
018

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
15
034
384
12
710
000


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements.


    
    






    
December 31
 2013 
December 31
 2012 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(86
235
(57
018

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
405
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
800

    
3
075
(3
075

    
    
(1
200

    
21
485
(9
101

    
    
    

    
(65
050
(67
229

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
405
    

    
    
    

    
4
405
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
214
    

    
    
(4
610

    
54
150
75
000

    
    
    

    
55
364
70
390

    
    
    

    
(5
281
3
161

    
    
    

    
5
899
2
738

    
    
    

    
    
5
899

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
110

    
8
935
10
263

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
202
000
    

    
202
000
    


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.


    
    






    

        
        
    

        
        
        
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &ndash; December 31
 2011
12
710
000
1
271
46
711
(184
044)
(136
062)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(57
018)
(57
018)

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &ndash; December 31
 2012
12
710
000
1
271
46
711
(241
062)
(193
080)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
20
200
000
2
020
199
980
    
202
000&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(86
235)
(86
235)

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance &ndash; December 31
 2013
32
910
000
3
291
246
691
(327
297)
(77
315)


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.


    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012







was incorporated in the state of Nevada on February 11
 2004. Effective September 1
 2006
 the Company acquired 100% of the issued
and outstanding common stock of Michael Williams Web Design Inc. (&ldquo;MWWD&rdquo;); a private US based company
 in exchange
for 7
500
000 shares of common stock of the Company. MWWD was incorporated in the State of New York on February 26
 2004 and was
owned by the President of the Company.


of MWWD having voting and operating control of the combined company
 and
 prior to the acquisition
 the Company was a non-operating
shell corporation with nominal net assets. The acquisition was considered a capital transaction in substance and therefore has
been accounted for as a recapitalization. Under recapitalization accounting MWWD is considered the acquirer for accounting and
financial reporting purposes
 and acquired the assets and assumed the liabilities of the Company. Assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are reported at their historical amounts. These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company since
the effective date of the recapitalization being September 1
 2006 and the historical accounts of the business of MWWD since inception
being February 26
 2004.


 2013
 Building 400 Ltd (&ldquo;The
Investor&rdquo;) exercised its right under a convertible debenture dated October 28
 2013 to convert $202
000 in debt secured by
the debenture into 20
200
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. As a result of the Issuance of stock
 the investor&rsquo;s
beneficial ownership is 61.4% of The Company&rsquo;s common stock.


site design for corporate customers. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which
implies the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. See Note
3 for further discussion.








related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 and are expressed
in U.S
 dollars. The Company&rsquo;s fiscal years-end is December 31.




represent the consolidated operations of Eurocan Holdings. Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD. Intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and

    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012





in the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to recoverability of long-lived assets
and deferred income tax asset valuations. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on currents facts
 historical experience
and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costa and expenses that are not readily apparent
from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company&rsquo;s
estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results
 future results of operations
will be affected.




with maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.




be fully collectible: accordingly
 no allowance for doubtful accounts is required. Management reviews accounts annually and if
amounts are considered uncollectible
 they are charged to operations.




hardware. These assets are recorded at cost and are being amortized on the straight-line basis over the estimated life of three
years. Repair and maintenance expenditures
 which do not result in improvements
 are charged to expense as incurred.




principally of cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 notes payable and amounts due to a related party. The Company believes
that the recorded values of all of other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and
respective maturity dates or durations.




Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 360
 Property
 Plant and Equipment
 the Company
tests long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying
amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include
 but are not limited to; significant decreases
in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly
in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating
losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation
that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. Recoverability
is assessed based on the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value which is generally determined based on the sum of the
undiscounted cash flow expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset
 as well as specific appraisal in
certain instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. No impairment
losses were recognized for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


Share


in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;)
on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator)
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive
potential common shares outstanding the period including stock options
 using the treasury stock method
 and convertible preferred
stock
 using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS
 the average stock price for the period is used in determining the
number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential
common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no common stock equivalents as of December 31
 2013 and 2012. Therefore
basic and diluted EPS are the same for the periods then ended.

    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012









the carrying amount because of the short maturity of these instruments.




the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740
 Income Taxes
 Potential benefits of income tax losses are not recognized
in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company is required to compute tax assets benefits for net operating
losses carried forward.


tax return with its Subsidiary company. The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of
preparing the Company&rsquo;s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; of
being sustained by the applicable tax authorities. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are
recorded as tax benefits or expenses in the current year. Management has analyzed the company&rsquo;s tax positions taken on
Federal tax returns for all open tax years and has concluded that no provision for federal income tax is required in the
Company&rsquo;s financial statement. The Company files a Nevada state return which has no state corporation tax.


an &ldquo;S&rdquo; Corporation for Federal and New York State income tax purposes. The stockholders of an S Corporation include
their respective shares of the corporation&rsquo;s income or loss in their individual income tax returns. Accordingly
 the Subsidiary
pays no federal and New York State income taxes
 and pays de minims New York City taxes.


returns remain open for examination by tax authorities.




 web hosting
and maintenance services and is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement
exist
 the service is delivered
 and collectability is reasonably assured.


using the completed-contract method. A contract is considered complete when all costs except insignificant items have been incurred
and the final product is delivered to the customer according to specifications. Revenues from time-and-material contracts are
recognized as the work is performed.




certain milestones are completed on individual contracts. These advance payments are recorded as deferred revenue on the balance
sheet and reclassified as revenue on the statement of operations only after the contract is considered completed and the revenue
has been earned.




pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new
accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.

    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012









events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure through the date of the accountants&rsquo; compilation report
which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.






have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. Since inception
 the Company has incurred losses of $327
297. In addition
 the Company generated negative
cash flows from operations during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt
about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time.


 the Company will pursue additional
equity and/or debt financing while managing cash flows from operations in an effort to provide funds to meet its obligations on
a timely basis and to support future business development.


contain any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.






 2012 the Company had received advances totaling
$155
000 of which $125
000 earned interest at 5%
 was unsecured and due on demand. The remaining $30
000 promissory note was non-interest
bearing
 unsecured and due on demand. These were assigned to the holder of the convertible debenture on October 18
 2013.


 2013 the Company received
advances totaling $47
000 and issued promissory notes to non-related parties. The notes bear interest at 5%
 are unsecured and
are due on demand. These were assigned to the holder of the convertible debenture on October 18
 2013.


 2013
 the Company issued an unsecured convertible
note debenture in the principal amount of $202
000 to an unrelated party. Notes payable in the amount of $202
000 were assigned
to the holder of the debenture. The convertible debenture agreement allowed the holder to convert any or the entire principal into
fully paid and non-assessable common shares of the Company at a conversion rate equal to one common share for each $0.01 of indebtedness.
The debenture was converted into 20
200
000 shares of common stock on November 13
 2013.


 2013 the Company received advances totaling $7
150
and issued non-interest bearing promissory notes
 unsecured and due on demand.






 2013 and 2012
 a director of
the Company received $14
275 and $20
665
 respectively
 as compensation for management services provided to the Company.


 2013 and 2012 the Company owed $1
214 and $ 0
respectively to the President of the Company. This amount is non-interest bearing
 unsecured and due on demand.

    
    




DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012







000
000 shares of preferred stock authorized
and none issued. The Company has 900
000
000 shares of common stock authorized
 of which 32
910
000 and 12
710
000 shares are issued
and outstanding for years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative
with no pre-emptive rights.


 ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued 20
200
000
shares of Common stock at $0.01 per share on conversion of a debenture.






a company to provide office space. The Company agreed to pay equal monthly installments of $1
600 on the first year and $1
625
in the second year as rent expense and related security charges. The Company did not renew its lease agreement in 2013.


631 and $18
750 for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.






 where deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes.


 2013 and 2012
 the Company incurred
net losses and
 therefore
 had no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully
reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carry-forward is approximately $391
511 and $305
276 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
and will expire in the years 2027 through 2033.


 2013 and 2012
 deferred tax assets consisted
of the following:



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
137
029
106
847

    
(137
029
(106
847

    
    
    

    
    
    







 2013 and 2012 four customers
accounted for approximately 83% and 85% of revenue.






 2014
 the Company
issued eight promissory notes to non-affiliated investors to secure the repayment of $56
965.35 advanced to the Company and on
its behalf by the investor. The promissory notes are payable on demand and do not accrue interest. There has been no repayment
of any indebtedness secured by the promissory notes.


    
    















10-K
 an evaluation was carried out by our management
 with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer (who are one and the same person)
 of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of December 31
 2013.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and
forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer (who are one and the same person)
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.


 the Company&rsquo;s management concluded
as of the end of the period covered by this report
 that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.
Management intends to improve the adequacy of its disclosure controls and procedures during the course of 2013
 subject to available
resources.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting


maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the Company&rsquo;s assets;


provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and


provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013

Control &ndash; Integrated Framework 
As a result of this assessment
 management identified a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting.


 or a combination of deficiencies
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

    
    






Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties
 documentation of the limited control structure has not been accomplished.

 To date
 the Company has
not established an Audit Committee. It is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee
 including a financial expert
 is an utmost
important entity level control over the financial reporting process.

. The
Company employs policies and procedures for reconciliation of its financial statements and note disclosures
 however
 these processes
are not appropriately documented. The Company has only one individual responsible for the preparation of the financial records.

 Management
has not established methodical and consistent data back-up procedures to ensure loss of data will not occur.


financial reporting described above
 the Company&rsquo;s management has concluded that
 as of December 31
 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework
issued by COSO.


independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. We were not required to have
nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting
pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this
annual report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


 there have been
no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the year ended
December 31
 2013
 that materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting.




section of this report there are Certifications of our CEO and CFO. The Certifications are required in accordance with Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item of this report is the information concerning
the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section
302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.

    
    





Directors
 Executive Officers
 Promoters and Control Persons; Compliance With Section
16(A) of the Exchange Act



 executive officers
 promoters
and control persons
 their ages
 and all offices and positions held. Directors are elected for a period of one year and thereafter
serve until their successor is duly elected by the stockholders. Officers and other employees serve at the will of the Board of
Directors.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


        
        
        
        


 President
 Chief Financial Officer and
        a director
        

        
        
        
        

        
        
        
        

    
Secretary
 Director
    
    

    
    
    
    



 CEO
 Chief Financial Officer
and a director of Eurocan since 2006. In addition to being our controlling stockholder
 Mr. Williams has valuable experience in
online marketing that is expected to benefit the development of our business. Since 2003
 Mr. Williams has also been the President
CEO and a director of Michael Wiliams Web Design
 Inc.
 an online marketing firm based in New York City that he founded
 and which
was acquired by Eurocan in 2006 as a wholly owned subsidiary. From September 2000 to February 2002
 Mr. Williams worked in the
North American Corporate Communications Division of BNP Paribas managing all its online national marketing initiatives. Prior to
that he worked for the State of New Mexico spear-heading all statewide educational outreach efforts for the Museum of New Mexico.
He received a Bachelor of Arts degree with an emphasis on social science and human behavior
 obtained from the University of California
at Davis in 1993.


Anastasio has valuable experience in brand development that is expected to benefit the development of our business. She has been
in charge of brand building and creative direction for Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc.
 our sole subsidiary
 since 2010. From
2008 through 2009
 she was a Vice-President - Design and Accessories for Liz Claiborne Inc.
 leading a team of 15 designers develop
and implement rebranding initiatives. From 2003 through to 2007
 she was a design director of Isaac Mizrahi for Target
 managing
a staff of designers. Ms. Anastasio received a Bachelor of Art in fashion design and journalism from Marymount University in 1999.


Square West
 Suite 610
 New York
 NY 10003.




 executive officers
promoters or control persons have:


of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior
to that time;


criminal proceeding;


 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently
reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending
or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; or


action
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated.

    
    





December 31
 2013 were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by our board of directors and filed with the minutes of
the proceedings of our board of directors. Eurocan does not have nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees performing
similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating
 compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors
does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the functions of such committees can be
adequately performed by the board of directors.


for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that
 given the stage
of our development
 a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to
the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors
will assess all candidates
 whether submitted by management or stockholders
 and make recommendations for election or appointment.


may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President
 Michael Williams
 at the address appearing on the first page
of this annual report statement.




the functions usually designated to an audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that we do not have a board member
that qualifies as an &quot;audit committee financial expert&quot; as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K
 nor do we have
a board member that qualifies as &quot;independent&quot; as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules.


and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Our board of
directors does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because our board of directors believes that it can
adequately perform the functions of an audit committee. In addition
 our board of directors believe that retaining an independent
director who would qualify as an &quot;audit committee financial expert&quot; would be overly costly and burdensome and is not
warranted in our circumstances given the stage of our development and our cash flows from operations.


 we intend to form a standing
audit committee and identify and appoint a financial expert to serve on our audit committee.




an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding
 including a law suit
 because of his position
 if he acted in good
faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. We may advance expenses incurred in defending a proceeding.
To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in a proceeding as to which he is to be indemnified
 we
must indemnify him against all expenses incurred
 including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative action
 indemnity may
be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding
 and if the officer or director is judged
liable
 only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of
Nevada.


    
    







No compensation has been awarded
 earned or paid to our officers and directors. We have no employment agreements with our officers.
We do not contemplate entering into any employment agreements until such time as we have positive cash flows from operations.


been or is compensated for services provided as one of our directors.


 retirement
 pension
 or profit
sharing plans for the benefit of our officers or directors. We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation
intended to serve as incentive for performance.


Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders
Matters



 as of December 31
 2013
 information
concerning ownership of the Company&rsquo;s securities by (i) each Director
 (ii) each executive officer
 (iii) all directors and
executive officers as a group; and (iv) each person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of
each class. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned includes any shares as to which the named person has sole or
shared voting power or investment power and any shares that the named person has the right to acquire within 60 days.



    
    

    

        
        

        
        

    
17
300
000
    

    
    
    

All directors and executive officers
 as a group
17
300
000
    

    
101
000
000
    



 executives officers and beneficial
owners of more than 5 percent of our common stock is 1 Union Square West
 Suite 610
 New York
 NY 10003.


 our management believes that all persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them.
For purposes hereof
 a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within
60 days from the date hereof
 upon the exercise of warrants or options or the conversion of convertible securities. Each beneficial
owner's percentage ownership is determined by assuming that any such warrants
 options or convertible securities that are held
by such person (but not those held by any other person) and which can be exercised within 60 days from the date hereof
 have been
exercised.


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions




 2013 the Company owed $1
214 to Michael Williams
for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company (December 31
 2012: $Nil.)


 2013 and 2012
 Michael Williams
received $14
275 respectively
 as compensation for management services provided to the Company.

    
    









for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements included in its registration
statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-177918) for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 were $24
000.


for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 will be approximately $24
000.




 2013
and 2012
 the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services by MaloneBaileyLLP relating to our quarterly financial statements
which are not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees&rdquo; above
$0 and $0
 respectively.




 2013
and 2012
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by MaloneBailey LLP were nil.




 2013
and 2012
 the aggregate fees billed by MaloneBailey LLP for other non-audit professional services
 other than those services listed
above
 totaled nil.


 2003
 the Securities and Exchange
Commission adopted rules that require that before MaloneBailey LLP is engaged by us or our subsidiaries to render any auditing
or permitted non-audit related service
 the engagement be:




entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service
 the audit committee is informed of each service
and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities to management.


board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed
and approved by the entire board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered.

    
    










    
    

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (1)

    
Amended and Restated Bylaws
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (1)

    
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (2)

    
    

    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




on Form S-1 filed November 14
 2011.

10-K filed March 21
 2013.












    
    




 the
Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    
    

Date: April 10
 2014

        
        

 President

        
        



 this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    


        
        
        
        

        
        

 President and a director

        
        

 2014

    
    
    


        
        
        
        

        
        
        

        
        

 2014









    














     





Certification pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002



 Michael Williams
 certify that:


Holdings Ltd.;


 this annual report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;


controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to me by others within those entities
 particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared;


or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;


controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation
 to
the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function):



all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant&rsquo;s auditors any material
weaknesses in internal controls; and


any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal controls.



significant changes in internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to the
date of my most recent evaluation
 including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.





 2014


    
    

    
    

    


 President

        














     





Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
I
 Michael Williams
 Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Eurocan Holdings
Ltd.
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eurocan Holdings Ltd.






 2014


    
    

    
    

    


 President

        














begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!PD'!@H)`D+PH
#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9)`F)2,@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C
D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!#`0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2,I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]
M/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3W_P``1``N`&T#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#V:BBB@`HH
MK.@U7S9AN@*6[R-%'*6'S

Z7!M;U5\S&8Y4X64=^.Q'I^7M=JGJJD
M6$DJ?ZR#]\GU7G'XC(_&K2L'0
O0C(H`JWNHQV




X41

MTX/Y&@`F`?6;8`C







MSPMWRS8PX[X.

`
end








begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!PD'!@H)`D+PH
#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9)`F)2,@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C
D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!#`0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2,I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]
M/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3W_P``1``N`&T#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#V:BBB@`HH
MK.@U7S9AN@*6[R-%'*6'S

Z7!M;U5\S&8Y4X64=^.Q'I^7M=JGJJD
M6$DJ?ZR#]\GU7G'XC(_&K2L'0
O0C(H`JWNHQV




X41

MTX/Y&@`F`?6;8`C


V.E9Y\-7$/F6^#.LT<8
M\[(41!`!M5<YR=J<]^<G@5UE%`&1



&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Eurocan Holdings&#13;Ltd. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) was incorporated in the state of Nevada on February 11, 2004. Effective September 1, 2006, the&#13;Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding common stock of Michael Williams Web Design Inc. (&amp;#147;MWWD&amp;#148;); a private&#13;US based company, in exchange for 7,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company. MWWD was incorporated in the State of New York&#13;on February 26, 2004 and was owned by the President of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The acquisition&#13;resulted in the sole shareholder of MWWD having voting and operating control of the combined company, and, prior to the acquisition,&#13;the Company was a non-operating shell corporation with nominal net assets. The acquisition was considered a capital transaction&#13;in substance and therefore has been accounted for as a recapitalization. Under recapitalization accounting MWWD is considered&#13;the acquirer for accounting and financial reporting purposes, and acquired the assets and assumed the liabilities of the Company.&#13;Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are reported at their historical amounts. These consolidated financial statements include&#13;the accounts of the Company since the effective date of the recapitalization being September 1, 2006 and the historical accounts&#13;of the business of MWWD since inception being February 26, 2004.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On November 13,&#13;2013, Building 400 Ltd (&amp;#147;The Investor&amp;#148;) exercised its right under a convertible debenture dated October 28, 2013 to&#13;convert $202,000 in debt secured by the debenture into 20,200,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock. As a result of the&#13;Issuance of stock, the investor&amp;#146;s beneficial ownership is 61.4% of The Company&amp;#146;s common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;a.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basis&#13;of Presentation and Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;These consolidated&#13;financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#13;States, and are expressed in U.S, dollars. The Company&amp;#146;s fiscal years-end is December 31.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;b.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements represent the consolidated operations of Eurocan Holdings. Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;MWWD. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;c.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Use&#13;of Estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The&#13;preparation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting&#13;principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. The Company&#13;regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to recoverability of long-lived assets, and deferred income tax asset&#13;valuations. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on currents facts, historical experience and various other&#13;factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments&#13;about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costa and expenses that are not readily apparent from&#13;other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of&#13;operations will be affected.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;d.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Cash&#13;and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company considers&#13;all highly liquid instruments with maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;e.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Accounts&#13;Receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company considers&#13;accounts receivable to be fully collectible: accordingly, no allowance for doubtful accounts is required. Management reviews accounts&#13;annually and if amounts are considered uncollectible, they are charged to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;f.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Property&#13;and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and&#13;equipment consists of computer hardware. These assets are recorded at cost and are being amortized on the straight-line basis&#13;over the estimated life of three years. Repair and maintenance expenditures, which do not result in improvements, are charged&#13;to expense as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;g.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Financial&#13;Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, notes payable and amounts due to a related&#13;party. The Company believes that the recorded values of all of other financial instruments approximate their current fair values&#13;because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;h.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Long-Lived&#13;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In accordance&#13;with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 360, Property,&#13;Plant and Equipment, the Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances&#13;indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited&#13;to; significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors;&#13;accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset;&#13;current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with&#13;the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed significantly before&#13;the end of its estimated useful life. Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value&#13;which is generally determined based on the sum of the undiscounted cash flow expected to result from the use and the eventual&#13;disposal of the asset, as well as specific appraisal in certain instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying&#13;amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. No impairment losses were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;i.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic&#13;and Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company computes&#13;earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share. ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted&#13;earnings per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss)&#13;available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during&#13;the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding the period including stock options, using&#13;the treasury stock method, and convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average&#13;stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options&#13;or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no common&#13;stock equivalents as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. Therefore, basic and diluted EPS are the same for the periods then ended.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;j.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Fair&#13;Value Measurements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The fair value&#13;of assets and liabilities approximate the carrying amount because of the short maturity of these instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;k.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income&#13;Taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company accounts&#13;for income taxes using the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, Potential benefits of income tax&#13;losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company is required to compute tax assets&#13;benefits for net operating losses carried forward.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company does&#13;not file a consolidated tax return with its Subsidiary company. The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken&#13;in the course of preparing the Company&amp;#146;s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are &amp;#147;more-likely-than-not&amp;#148;&#13;of being sustained by the applicable tax authorities. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are&#13;recorded as tax benefits or expenses in the current year. Management has analyzed the company&amp;#146;s tax positions taken on Federal&#13;tax returns for all open tax years and has concluded that no provision for federal income tax is required in the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial statement. The Company files a Nevada state return which has no state corporation tax.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Subsidiary&#13;has elected to be treated as an &amp;#147;S&amp;#148; Corporation for Federal and New York State income tax purposes. The stockholders&#13;of an S Corporation include their respective shares of the corporation&amp;#146;s income or loss in their individual income tax returns.&#13;Accordingly, the Subsidiary pays no federal and New York State income taxes, and pays de minims New York City taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company and&#13;Subsidiary&amp;#146;s prior tax returns remain open for examination by tax authorities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;l.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Revenue&#13;Recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revenue consists&#13;of web designing, web hosting, and maintenance services and is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement exist, the service is delivered, and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revenue from&#13;fixed-price contracts are recognized using the completed-contract method. A contract is considered complete when all costs except&#13;insignificant items have been incurred and the final product is delivered to the customer according to specifications. Revenues&#13;from time-and-material contracts are recognized as the work is performed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;m.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Deferred&#13;Revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company typically&#13;receives payments as certain milestones are completed on individual contracts. These advance payments are recorded as deferred&#13;revenue on the balance sheet and reclassified as revenue on the statement of operations only after the contract is considered&#13;completed and the revenue has been earned.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;n.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Recently&#13;Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company has&#13;implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe&#13;that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial&#13;position or results of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;o.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Subsequent&#13;Events&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company accounts&#13;for income taxes using the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, Potential benefits of income tax&#13;losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company is required to compute tax assets&#13;benefits for net operating losses carried forward.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company does&#13;not file a consolidated tax return with its Subsidiary company. The Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken&#13;in the course of preparing the Company&amp;#146;s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are &amp;#147;more-likely-than-not&amp;#148;&#13;of being sustained by the applicable tax authorities. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are&#13;recorded as tax benefits or expenses in the current year. Management has analyzed the company&amp;#146;s tax positions taken on Federal&#13;tax returns for all open tax years and has concluded that no provision for federal income tax is required in the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial statement. The Company files a Nevada state return which has no state corporation tax.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Subsidiary&#13;has elected to be treated as an &amp;#147;S&amp;#148; Corporation for Federal and New York State income tax purposes. The stockholders&#13;of an S Corporation include their respective shares of the corporation&amp;#146;s income or loss in their individual income tax returns.&#13;Accordingly, the Subsidiary pays no federal and New York State income taxes, and pays de minims New York City taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revenue consists&#13;of web designing, web hosting, and maintenance services and is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive&#13;evidence of an arrangement exist, the service is delivered, and collectability is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and&#13;satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Since inception, the Company has incurred losses of $327,297. In&#13;addition, the Company generated negative cash flows from operations during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. These factors,&#13;among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period&#13;of time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;If necessary,&#13;the Company will pursue additional equity and/or debt financing while managing cash flows from operations in an effort to provide&#13;funds to meet its obligations on a timely basis and to support future business development.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As of December 31, 2012 the Company&#13;had received advances totaling $155,000 of which $125,000 earned interest at 5%, was unsecured and due on demand. The remaining&#13;$30,000 promissory note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. These were assigned to the holder of the convertible&#13;debenture on October 18, 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During the nine months ended September&#13;30, 2013 the Company received advances totaling $47,000 and issued promissory notes to non-related parties. The notes bear interest&#13;at 5%, are unsecured and are due on demand. These were assigned to the holder of the convertible debenture on October 18, 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On October 18, 2013, the Company issued&#13;an unsecured convertible note debenture in the principal amount of $202,000 to an unrelated party. Notes payable in the amount&#13;of $202,000 were assigned to the holder of the debenture. The convertible debenture agreement allowed the holder to convert any&#13;or the entire principal into fully paid and non-assessable common shares of the Company at a conversion rate equal to one common&#13;share for each $0.01 of indebtedness. The debenture was converted into 20,200,000 shares of common stock on November 13, 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During the years ended December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, a director of the Company received $14,275 and $20,665, respectively, as compensation for management services provided&#13;to the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company has 100,000,000 shares&#13;of preferred stock authorized and none issued. The Company has 900,000,000 shares of common stock authorized, of which 32,910,000&#13;and 12,710,000 shares are issued and outstanding for years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. All shares of common&#13;stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no pre-emptive rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In 2011 the Company renewed its lease&#13;agreement for two years with a company to provide office space. The Company agreed to pay equal monthly installments of $1,600&#13;on the first year and $1,625 in the second year as rent expense and related security charges. The Company did not renew its lease&#13;agreement in 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company uses the liability method,&#13;where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences&#13;between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During the years ended December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, the Company incurred net losses and, therefore, had no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the&#13;loss carry-forward has been fully reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carry-forward is approximately $391,511 and $305,276&#13;as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and will expire in the years 2027 through 2033.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As of December 31, 2013 and 2012,&#13;deferred tax assets consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(137,029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(106,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net Deferred Tax Asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating loss carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(137,029&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(106,847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!!5_NWL@$``,4/```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=




M96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#
`S&[TB\
M0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:,D0/?VA`.2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?
M'&(O3L.Z*$&Q
V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B(F=I%




M5%\```#__P

M;'

@H@0!**```0``````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
9<XV91MFWZ`<)6;!-;
M
I+ZR-]7F%1N()UNS&P
&N'1Y

MI4
-!V4C@+A4`K!2+8G5+#$Q((C5@$#E4

!E(Z8CTG'5=*JXM7;X*@N)+[8
MSE48@T-=*KQ2BS'11.L=L
30Q8UA@;()7RO2CX-(
3G4CH
:#G6ET$(!.1J4


M2]X_T08!:F
!W%C68_9K[(Z!2PS]V.X:ZYA1;T\\^F\U
TP



5K_4\B






M[G\K&P;1ACS)#.PX?Y72[WMYQYV9D^_]!GXO;7V[)_5=T?_/(K*X^G#M(=

Z[?+MN


ME$WZQ.U-*
5&R&+]Q2E*
&24A)[9#+3U.`J^**_D$2PI-K`2`PLEB.7%H6^L

=Z.QA+#&-(%+PG`4Z&BRS=Z=

QF+0T60GOA\-^[:&9KPYI:A14?.B

6QB$-W


B2S
H-!4@_)ES#@A.*MDGEM[8']V[/TOXI?3C$XPL0
M3VG4;@B(YWN3-H;1TS5N1`G\#-



$%``&``@`

M`77L!C!Y_.8YQXZSN'Z1#7KFV@C5YIA&

)0;XCI


8/K$Z)=+DB!#P.LI!
MR9?+.1@:B]%1CDXGQUQ?P&U@1N^8K$^L/B)Z;GCR]T<G&/(/KHE:=R_\VU@
M

=N!P2R<0N$A[=B&/S*]$:U!#:]@]\Y`67I<`:%@56=?RC7RL+9X7_6\*K@
M\


M6+YOG$

65&#XC;2';1X4FJCN
.EJ9CM#/BOZ0:EL;QFDN6QH(
M
_

MF=-E
28G86:?5[R!*#J@`20^0#-T?SM
H



XN%^\!7&


M+W-H965T

MK





KFL`@$^DI.\
2`A[Z;[W
G=5AB=I-+N.)PG(




M&8





MS

MNA[7_U.6R[2HBL=4X





MPAT#B0PD-I#$0%(#R0PDEQ'%)/]K3(RL!EA30H#/&^F6KEI'==$A3ADH%$

]PSQ!1(QA#8V


G5SF*+%#J?]$[(2MQDX13THR0V@W.?01#!G3'C%D

G=3@9(9.+G.40$E[]8E(![H:*H?4/&N'PXZSI$1S2
HT@SQ_J)+N
M+)AZ6IF

M&K52#HVLC$.C5LZA@:7&3/JW3\1


.C:R
0^_*DYN$8:K#0&H6O1F@/Q1KU)[0#ETN








.EJ9CM#/B/Z0:EL;QADN6QH(
W


**/FF



&\A^]W9R



MKM?K=7NUG)X!8-\'3:TL19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC

M.69EN`YQC7=70/$H`UZ?W7=D

54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7P
MKFRWO6W8Q

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%
M*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJB
MPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ

Q
O


M_3I409\QE7#C82J?H'K.6UM,^46YS3IBI=B!F?',4MG)9;G:)9)ENX*4BY



M_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[M
MO45%]
2BS:IG60'


M25LMVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.?JL^98@``ZE0```T```!X;]S='EL97





MUW*5)_$

^[O[U[U_[O-]_^^R=O]I]?OM[^[9=O]%8IAF


@3K0
O`SZL3.1$WKY%1


G$



]
V[5ZC

MQ


.N
M7(


;A[LR0.32YC)LM@#:MN3WAE`'\:#2?-

%'F5S8Q;#63^HJ=`D4!Q7R4
%'F5
%#DU5[#&;BG
MW*N$@2*O$@:*O


MX


#WO8+)A








J0
M)!H


M9?-\]92O'



/<;&'5LSGYAL+DU7UKQT#=.1GH3(Q



MF:`MP8*['6MC0=F_P
(-`
[+@EI(75[0I




8R=QG`


8:R1UX&I^H)H'KQQ
MJPX
M
[9B/&'R]$Z







$%``&




LD*RZ^?_#I]
W&RP=1O8B+)
[+(OW^P4U:/_CS



LLM^6Z8'[9&=W[\$/K^KL




7-
?[LV^/]
/HL.C-\<'QZ?]!9M]S^.;L4WS



MV=_39



2)^N\NE5V[9KT6;_I(.1^XT-
1^_G:17+
/O.1W??'_I@6G0WVXR36588_9+W]$?^%!?QA4D@.D^'DW^H

84T1D5XG$_U





]=[[&#PIUFAY
TKJJI986^#



MJS6RT;QXU808^E

:JIQ9[B4T$A`OAD]YDP__?SSH0[TIRB&


NM6+#?J3_&9J1EULK
M5.-D=AW]4E:?5Z2V@TBH:#\S_4KL5!/9V]F-R4(*)WY3L^PMV;?94P1GTJ36

M8B



M[
U@;J;BYFZP+'CEH?ROJ!X=^4A;==U?R;1ZV5F?93H&64V6BF&




.6':W!\HZZTGPH(%@`MV(I.R(






MS.'


[BCZ<A!Q5B\A5`SJ%:0N_*$$5HIY@GZ:'
M8;5Q!O6$ZX
/`

MF+R%K0X-N?.AOZ$BJU4



UF@A






*.%K-ZLI@J*)Q/0%-


I$:`0DK+P8(EMN16[:,OSQ@MJ/$-&9
CT

M
ML(#QK-Q*4


MWK

Q4ZT<ZL9;^SJ@?/$,H.QN`;+;^*]KZ(B7$NG;VEJ@)=A*$
^D(#&



MLOJ7516(Y:#N[33H2[28=Z2.=M'E1'RGBQ;A?H/S$(ML@;L(AWD_;&5B
MI!:N$0#MV$@H
?@XZC`6)31[
?5Z8;
KH9
W%290U@RY$G7OZ
-K&CIHW!$/
M4S51)M

MMV`G@WEP*IEAL

!Q


MEG:K
91H
+FVDXK!Z\(\;LQQ9=S&:YD5V596-%)
)KC0@7)GQ29:$'5/$I
MK2$*J.^E@)9TLUT-A`V6V&B:+.$P`V&`)UKE6C?B.C:Q'X)%P,YSWHVROU;
MQ^S]TGT#[?K0XF9.N%(E'S703\#L\$K?'4.Z/A.?5
7O)7G=ADDC=$I2V]0

\G!G]84@CE
MEC(*GNBF`3I]_8@RJ=W17,+PU1Q9+*%L8$C'YYP=\E)SJ6E5.%9+A]^!82%




QP;-=G'#@3)QS

/M









8.FX!\8(9-.)ZN/UL







SO%N=ZD77WVX^^WV9`_H

65^W:V=H=^




57'Z9-QD12Q56#M++^.<6QD..,(#A8&.Q*2ATR9


OX0B1+OEQ6%HEJ_ECW2S/\$WT


M?[_/


'EZ;&KU0(1EO


FGS\M&ZY(*L:ZGX-!R1_S^XOCN(;

M!!RMJ%1+IB








JV7


M_(^@H:)3$D\F\8&]C'LS;QZ2





MV0



MN$$J




MRBJ1\7+KDHGO.JQ

M9C$/7:Y_EFK(L1)Y4BI;%]8H9%%`O5]W_L9[A8HF#1$B`?\[@IA$U!*J?$HT
MUFYXX+:S#`70+=^?!*TS!2MGK6J(-W0C@66D3TQ-(NX3LXXPK$*9QUM5

Q





MR6FP(C[\F?MZ/ACAJ+V/RV4#]H2[I9&%;O#$E_1PVLUA7=8:Q
Q(.(&8+:

X)]I5F%HICNXPO1#Z


$%``&``@````A


-[]Y/&R\RLC



J#
M




M.5U1WP10_?EQ6_8$VN34FFQ.B5-E/#92T7$0A?NRZJ1EWZA3

MC(97`87R$-?$H3/WKSZBUXS2V5F6@!-SJ-4)I'ZT3^AM29''?^GA1*+WK'
MP-9D3DVM;B:E41*2*+V`B=)=%3'2FBR%4Z%\RNA0&1_AY-OHX!38FDS6.C63
M]2B1292B&*SQ\)JC4#ZL'3KDQ=J6H429#-;S*]O%=)0






M_V#YO9B02U



*%($R6##:$;-(!/HJ3O


M#[S4VITV*
S&/W#^&P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M9\N:^\%```Q(```


M31
D.6A7=#O`#C`

3:2]&P?Y&B*?[
1NNO






UIO





M31)A^S\B_2]KLYCPWPVN(T%

DV:G`AB6+0LQ

MA+B*A#!2@9D/8BLJH)I$8ZD0&Z@P!72XC@3I.:'6B!D0$BLHH%J--IAT*0$
MM=?0J@FKHTD8`:$Q(H$J;16!(D!A),J0VN(T&,(&`&A,0*!*@FT5@0)`0$
MW3@Z`6ZXD$0Q,2%A9H7$B@FH)M%8)B0&)DPJ4X^`T7\-Z`KB*BV4,+-8D4%
M5).46HDA`HW6D@?$-!E@@S(RL6(!J-9'!I+,`+EW_!Z]Q%0EA8D)IX/N


'B.Q=+ONW_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.Q85*G8`@``%0@``!@`




%S0FLF&.(9$7\*A



X1^R[`$A^G)Z;MN
M`C]UD(F<[2O[2QV^EF4%L8]AT08+

MA#VF)`9AF=DR)=/%9+X
IQ'`@YTP]DXB)0GXWEA5_W.@+A%U7)VU6V;99JW5




9L2EO2P
B.=C7F

/ZV:%L
1@2VESP)]*L2_8+)S
?M19N#?SBK(#K]4_#]Z_(N4
M^P.'=







0+T+#^Y!;(-`+%OCL_EX=F+=2MW??.$9-
MBY'N(5'
#BI,UF2I@)`K94$*%LG^&
M9C'6+8Z_;01L6C/?-HH96=KF)I$J0H5G,@\]WWA(-@)H[A<^<

CMN3M.'/

MH&HIX


MK7W_DVO]/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)BW[?5M!0``7!8``!@```!X



M\B0K;(PP+V^)(;?;+!5/



5#&'#/-P&Q





MTO'K)N+2AMZZ:/:C$%.\N_R!#0TBHJ:J
2@:XXR(&NOUT9+R+QE$\Y0YBB/J

$@
P\]U+DYBKB=T;

_I



V9QQS

8G?Y`]S5#0]K-P9PC&@07D'P3XEA&$1TK)$8




X@@RM


MX9L&?1^2*1=G[GYS1:^D
-KJTD5(QT*@UY[G;


MH.2[QOW0^Z\@J]IAM6=HR/O*BN



M
[W`W`Z(5P81
MZ@!V


M#[S\P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`+R9R4Z@```B!P``&````'AL+W=O


!!]7VG_P?)[(9$-BD2K?J;J5=




(
A;J][.DMDJ?`#3_(Y]AAX/F-Z1`BBO3*HG:^

@U/S&+


N39=06.HPE&O&.J%%U=X)\_[BXN

P-OEY^_+#8

GJ=YL^PNF9`\4:]$*
M^^Q)



!
!L``!D```!X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T




WJ#Q;


_C]U9ZF&6IW7XA\661UU53'=@1R
M%E\H]7EEK2Q0VJX/!7C`PF[4^7%C/MENXHQ-:[ON`O1/D;\W@_^-YE2]AW5Q
M^*VXY!!MR!/+P'-5O3+3^

SZ7RY`*T[
R[$0-@Z8N!'U[H2(^'S









M:L!8RS4


?V2[_/SN3&RZHT]3H?MMUWW

M/3O]!?IHEW7*]!=H@UW6Z-)?/-N!
&)'%W3TQ3T;SFXF[KP<`H&6/U:X;W'-7W)?T_KE^+2&.?\(D<

M='

RYX;6R


-0FQ:6U34*(8267U$2J
MX35\R966U
)2%\0TFM/




PUF17!?\$Z\J@YC:N2
ZA.EO






M5)5NX'FA6S%1TY8A4E
X9):)A-_*Y%#QVK0DBI?
0/ZZ$(T^L57)%+J*J8=#


MK/ZT*&NI9PDZ%KAW++/062R]V002M\W(&KQEAFTW2AX)=`U(ZH9A#_H1$%]V


X

M:U+R##@]NT&J'?WMBY$-)`K36QJ8V/:Q@%\TA^GDX5'+I#2G%Q3H?_K;OP``
M`/__`P!02P

M


'*!&SQW++'?.7:3O'$3QDX)5K:

%N\XB/H^WZWGS[K+NJW^^-TW4TEUG^`J=#R4G[CME2-([4L@#)4


M(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````G)%!3\
@
M&(;O)OZ'AGL+;
UB2
L2-3NYQ

MU7QOFNP3?-MK1$M
K`RE9INZW1\VJ1WZ`L1&&5:%H+-3I`0'-^?55)QV3K






M.5M7^-P:[O
1:`:!?Q//`-Y[__QS_@4``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/=Y

M&JV=JT[BV/(UE
&VUUX4;G&PZ2Q/U+@NPR

:`[;)?]V/Y:'*:321N!
MJV&D1^B8X



@



``%]R96QS+RYR96QS
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`







M`!
`````````````````!2(``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


$``#)#P``&```````````


M='



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.Q85*G8`@``%0@``!@`````````````````=6X`


MP0



O

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`!.6U8/`@``E08``!D`````````````````EX```'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='


Y\

`
end








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Since inception
 the Company has incurred losses of $327
297. In
addition
 the Company generated negative cash flows from operations during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. These factors
among others
 raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period
of time.

If necessary
the Company will pursue additional equity and/or debt financing while managing cash flows from operations in an effort to provide
funds to meet its obligations on a timely basis and to support future business development.

The consolidated
financial statements do not contain any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the classification of assets or
the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.




        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S
M8SED




M
SAC-69?860Y.5\T
F(Y7S@S8C!?-60S
V





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N=%]O9E]3=&]C/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
E]3=6UM
M87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^,U]';VEN9U]#;VYC97)N/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




O4VAE970Q


M($A2968]



O











M


M='








]
M

]

]

]

]


S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





]




]
M





T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@


T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
3


]

]



]




]
M






]



]




]

]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





T1T
M;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7


]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

X8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B.5\X
V(P7S5D
M
S-C.60P






]






]



]
T1P








]
T1N=6UP/C8Q.#QS



]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL



]




M8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]







]
T1N=6UP
M/C$U-2PP





C`R+#


]


]




#`P

M960@86YD(&]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+`Y
#`L
#`P+#`P

#`@86YD(#$R




M

]







]


G($1E9FEC:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






3`P+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C`\







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\

#`Q/'-P86X^


]




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
R+#DQ


SAC-69?860Y.5\T
F(Y7S@S8C!?-60S
V
Y9#`S961E#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8U-S
X8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B
M.5\X
V(P7S5D
S-C.60P

#0N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$





M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C0L
#



]
T1N=6UP/CDL
M

]




]

3`L-C

3@L-S4P/'-P86X^






\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]

M+#`S

3



;W-S


]


]
T1T97AT




]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2PR,3`I/'-P86X^/]S



]





]






S0L
S@T

M
3(L-S$P+#`P





]
M


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V0\+W1D

C


#$X

]


]





M/D-H86YG97

Z


T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C`\

M+#@P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4V5C=7)I='D@9&5P;W-I=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C
L








\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#DL




]
T1N=6T^*#8U+#`U






]

]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]

M1&YU;7`^


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4U+#
V-#QS



]
T1N=6UP/C
L



]
M

]








]

M-C


M($EN=F5S=&EN9R!A;F0@1FEN86YC:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97





]
T1N=6UP/C(P
BPP




#(L



SAC-69?860Y.5\T
M
F(Y7S@S8C!?-60S
V

O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]

@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




]


]





M9R!B86QA;F-E+!V86QU92!A=!$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]




3(L-S$P+#`P
#QS


T1T
M;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(T@;F]T92!C;VYV97)S:6]N
M+!S:&%R97




]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

M1&YU;7`^
3DY+#DX





T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A
M;&%N8V4L('9A;'5E(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

M-RPS


S$L(#(P
M
3

#`\





U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U
M9#
S8SED

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

2X@3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A
M=&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]









-DQT9X@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[
M*2!W87
@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN('1H92!S=&%T92!O9B!.979A9&$@;VX@

3$L(#(P
#0N($5F9F5C=&EV92!397!T96UB97(@
2P@
C`P



M;7


MF]N($9E8G)U87)Y(#(V+`R


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E









@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



#`T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



M+`T*
C`Q


BPP

#`L

30V.W
@



M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@



L('=H:6-H(&EM



X8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B.5\X
M
V(P7S5D
S-C.60P






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





T1T;W`^
BX@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

@



M97






M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M='




M86YY)B


M97)A=&EO;G



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(S$V




T0G9F]N=#H@



@:6YC=7)R960N

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M&



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



F(S$T.#LI(#
V


@9F]R(')E8V]V97)A8FEL:71Y('=H96X@
M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97















@87-S97-S960@8F%S960@;VX@





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD#0HR
#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\


38P.SPO9F]N


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0F%S:6

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O



@


Q-#@[

I




@9VEV97







@86YT:2UD:6QU=&EV92X@5&AE



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#M&86ER#0I686QU92!-96%S=7)E;65N='


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M



M;&4]




@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M='

@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0N



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ


@=&%K96X@;W(@

@


@86YA


@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M;F-O;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G




M



30V.W

M(')E='5R;G

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@








M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@3F5W



@



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;G1R86-T(&ES(&-O;G-I9&5R960-F-O;7!L971E9!A;F0@=&AE(')E=F5N






Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



T0G9F]N



T0G

M86YY(&]T:&5R(&YE=R!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S('1H870@





T0G



M




T0G9F]N=#H@


M=F5N='












]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]




'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG#0IC;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='




@:6X@=&AE



M=70@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@87
@



M/B8C

#L@=&5X







T0G9F]N



T0G





@82!G

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U
M9#
S8SED


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3


]
T1T97AT


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



2P@
C`Q

M8V5S('1O=&%L:6YG(0Q-34L,#`P(&]F('=H:6-H(0Q
C4L





M9B!T:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4-F1E8F5N='5R92!O;B!/8W1O8F5R(#$X+`R
M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-




@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R
M#0HS




M870@-24L(&%R92!U;G-E8W5R960@86YD(&%R92!D=64@;VX@9&5M86YD+B!4


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9F]N




#(L



M:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@870@82!C;VYV97)S:6]N(')A=&4@97%U

#$@;V8@:6YD

M


T0G9F]N=#H@













3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q+`T*
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=&AE
M#0I#;VUP86YY(&]W960@)#$L










]






M9VX]

]

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@;V8@

R+#DQ


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M




M97





X
M8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B.5\X
V(P7S5D
S-C.60P






]

T1)1#!%3$4^

]






]

]
T1T97AT

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

C`Q
2!T



M;G-T86QL;65N='




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9F]N




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]


]



M



T1T;W`^


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P





M='

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE


@

Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R







@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9F]N


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




T0G


T0G

Q+`R,#$R/]F





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


38P.SPO

B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



M)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N



M.'!T)SXF(S$V






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M


38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\




M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

S@L
C



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!T



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('!A

M.'!T)SY


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



3
W+#`R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M









M;&4]





T0G



Q













T0G








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E9&4O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T1T
M;W`^.2X@36%J;W(@0W5S=&]M97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

T0G9F]N=#H@





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L#0HR




U9E]A9#DY
M7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED

M


2!R;W=S



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]




\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



U(&%D=F%N






;V-A=&EO;CH@

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E



]






3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]







N(%1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)B

M96YD(&ES($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+CPO




T0G9F]N=#H@




@86YD('1R86YS




T0G9F]N=#H@


@

M=&EO;G






@:71S(&5S=&EM871E


@9F%C='



M;7-T86YC97



30V.W
-

M9&EF9F5R96YC97


M:79A;&5N='



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='


]
T1P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P



L(&%R92!C:&%R


M;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='


]




M0B8C
30X.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'



M96-R96%S97

M('-I9VYI9FEC86YT;'D@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;W)I9VEN











M87-I8R!A;F0@1&EL=71E9!N970@26YC;VUE(A


M16%R;FEN9W

@


30W.T504R8C
30X.RD@;VX@=&AE(&9A8V4@;V8@=&AE(&EN



M9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97


M97

L('1H92!A


@:68@=&AE:7(@969F96-T


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M

@87)E('1H92!S









]
T1R



M;&4]


`T*;&]S<V5S
M(&%R92!N;W0@<F5C;V=N:7IE9!I;B!T:&4@86-C;W5N='

M;&EZ871I;VX@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY

@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@=&%K96X@;W(@97AP96-T960@=&\@



@86YA;'EZ960@=&AE(&-O




T0G9F]N=#H@





M='5R;G






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



30V.W




]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM
M97








T0G9F]N=#H@











]



T0G9F]N


M='


M92!H87


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

@











M(&%C8V]U;G1A;G1S)B




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E9&4O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M97






T0G

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M)SXF(S$V


M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


#L\+V9O


M)SXF(S$V

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0G





#L\


M87@@07-S971S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




Q


#L\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N


#L\+V9O

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C

T0G9F]N


M

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






3`V+#@T-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



Z('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

M

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M

M(S$V




M;&4]

S@L
C





#L\+V9O;G0^

38P
















X8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B.5\X
V(P7S5D
S-C.60P
V5D



]
T1R97!O




M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L-C8U



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E9&4O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#

U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
%\U9#
S8SED
#-E9&4O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#




T1T;W`^







Z('9A;'5A


]

]





Y
2PU



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

X8S5F7V%D.3E?-#)B.5\X
V(P7S5D
M
S-C.60P






]




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


M-2XP



U9E]A9#DY7S0R8CE?.#-B
M
%\U9#
S8SED




M.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times





<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecurityDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_ManagementFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_ManagementFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_MajorCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInSecurityDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_AssignmentOfDebtBetweenCreditors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_NONE_ConversionOfDebtForCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


MY!\?_O
_/Q[]U_U.KGDS'-/R(5PZE?^2)R2:SIE)^1'YK.`1B(X);]0+\9/
MQ7W6$#.Q73FL8C!!47IA+0;34KJ]0+3_L)\5P1?[Z[2:2=1-#LY/GY\?&SX


\[G];-LX:#`;'\FIR
MZ\*=2#RA81_CY2$-LYD1X)K[%Y#`53=*!Y@W=X[5Q=RM?.FM774K3VYUV=Q]
M(7
:8_%P#!?@?LNN-ZVZ;26W!VRT$G+W&*XF-_)0M%M6;]WZU!W)@#BLCRF=

=Q4A[M8P)UT

23
MB=P?0
Z^/[H,Q#0!U[0B
M(7^W6O6,?CJ,^1&/GM-/T\^YBU=&'$R41,ERW$ND[/SJIZ,/H+16QV[WFOUW
MQ_.#,W+'2^EI:C/@O'`748`*!1%:FP_9<I*9LFL+P\`L9H/DNC/R;FY(\GD.
M0/*A9NEJ/I^%-R.T@O5FNVXUWQAOE8&*/F0+2$GH*Y4RJ?4F!=!@4BLO22_



MG>'X3_^*`3?F+AK^%%X]L3#HP_);0OK?G>\E(0)[W@YOK]RV&`=Q&4_Q.6U
M3',^$CKL^Q[M^RL&=X=]WZ-]?]%XM4(


A!^IG^(C*V**'9YG2QA
M]R'B*YM['L3X(

HX+!1AZV0V;-D
?BV^82[C)Y^DSMRQ
0_!4O@1





M'^[83`01*(AZ^J0PM=_0RFR:;9&J1'








C)+8!M(5


MKR3#Z.0-D#G]%M3+


M'U837UAVK]
W^@
S:AL=8
M2F=K
*79TN^97J




3++:7T#K3ZZPLUVRS'S)#QE1HW(_@$]C1ZOO6H'\%@['*:

?$$^%Z-;'=H=N+L=

[ICLV+VE`=9^AY6P
W?NNIK4KK!*QW)=JR0R^2*;GZD/&;5\
M@KRB$



4H5`BPDABVKO3/&FWQ$4UT;@=7K+BLFK#Z4+HBD

MW9L1;NU'%CTRYI]#?






M[




$YJ3UT/^)SLA_5F4WG*



2N%]8@2'$E)^\S3CZ2WT3P3:(P^=GJ*GY*+N`TXM&'

@WZ

K&#VVLHF2!QD9#W&#AJ
M$HBQW5(P*/&%7\]HA!/FX9M;E
S!
/+(HPE1+V3WB
\B0N4Y;H/
K5-.!Q!1




C/D7

+





KT:QX-]$/*`
MH0UF4M


W4.X(HTAPA#.U1RK_P



T9CO]\K?R@Y]T;FB

%IA#6EC0H8\XPI=_`8R?[
MGE6O9DJAHPF-)5E'UWK22I0T[169*0:1G(AZ:LZ5:Y:M#)@635]H#N7\1Z6
M/-&JHQC
?/J_(1AJJYCF.(/8!'[(%ZL5SDZN4F09-,IAR!#WW+]3PC$$_X
MX[K''YBKEZQ'E=W0\LJ_102
?JDKDOZBBA.GL
FSPI:7Q7HP%QT=W!$*!





M




N[&(+I&EL0

M^Z%=NJL.RFE2Z%%%
GPJ;:XZDY9*)C0I?&FS9)0P/%F?4%6&Y:NA
S`03]+\


M)Q49EL]8+?R
U4*CS6^_E_Y6MNC*+(Q+.#)/3TTYR3I(L%3NNQ!MA.2C@/_
MEK7+L_N/9JO:TE'GPI5M*;)X;PP^NS\WQ]K=9HTD49#JF9/OBB&Y8+.6JS
M`F


M4EN&5B@IRK#*(N=&-H,64;)@^CLW)Q-1T'`)`^/_?AX++OX5$Z5=)/6R##.
M:K-X!BEX=`I;,N'WS:0[XQ*BWF@W!\8]+R.^EI@61$?IPNOYJ+SG6-.IZR
MM[(Z,P9IT'7PTR3M5-^FJ0]C,,0,S?G!WZC&?=V!*E$H+@E8,S9`XV'TTR6

MGP'H(PEY!TH




!41

Q


M6T(5S%









MDN
X%YSZJA1&O1C@@`DDS
3PU.(\=0)?1HB3@M%J.X\#UB;A73$$*-Y3[UXY

!RNO

M&BW
5T]G2V#8(27&1!]OG)P9IQX06-2[QAP9?
!Y*S1BE]S6@C80

RIA%GJPR6
M#;@\'6\;*T0L0%2CT\L$C';*LX9<=DOI7(][W+4:&9(;27B?!4Z]X9`H:)T

M&OMJRM\+ZB

^3X\9M\0
MZ]9.2L3M=#YC$)%0
0N9C5Y3=S3.JQUY)7W:D+@E=E&]?O.A2
@-]*K;:V05





)!:H3O&/'5'2-J1ZUV




M*Q=/G/3$R5Z.TQ

R0E?USBI)-V6A
XMY$%!&EW
MZ'Z#C+0]NZ[7*V






HM+




`RT

GG.Y.J7B5G_H





M

MC*KJ.`'5%0UB79OP+SO0J


M@U?YY99AOMM1=ZBOK@SZVN`C6JZGN%H_.*6=7L2+/?#(ZW+AFGYH\^'@#F%3
M`+I0Y473$A@7O3=^$4Z.9G01V+WP\'`6.LA&Q!M&S%2#G9.%6#HY``.1DE2H
M:5OA/

MGQW&[





'<

ATWN\#2#(2+*CCI+35M4*

X<EH<F0@N)/1U'NSK\D/A%+N



15:\




MKU


M!3H=S29'AUUD\G5CZ3(9TU?CV7A\G[&\P:.BLXJ/`OUW4GXZ507^(;I0XXY^

5

MNC#00``K&P``!4`'`!N;VYE+3(P,3,Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`D``PNR2U
+
MLDM3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5U;4^


MS




MR8
_9S305B#B(2^Q
MHP#_W!)0?JQ,Q&MU!PQ!HI7^$1(/19`QD97R/7+NPSLJ<2ZFT[+G]/J(-8'



M^U)^;`OV$KD!_=#-I3CFG(H-I2`17AKW#
.@+.

M?1NI_
F[S#VEF?D])?`N8^_WU[DOIGDJ+^/
7ITSSX8`78&4J?Z:RAFCG%\Q
MNJH;`S)O8YCX?*U9G_T6:+_CE82VL)@E/7'NB'GF')QN3JCU.-+V8'J)MLY
MP?[;K3[\%=Z5L##LEX:X4Y[D^T&$5Y7`6B?4Y9$.1(#G;7LN=!/X94,T\I
M%^^_EL)R
7'R_2LD\Z<JU5$5TGEA?I?!VL#



C@_%K`0:J9GQ_?/M\
MOY6W#:I'L_BE%757L/!NT4NF!O7VS!+CT]M/C;AM2Y;*F*T(`^(=[W86RW
MWY62BY#'3V4^E:SUU&D8^M5R(R/6[HLT3(/B.JII(-]*?9QB`HG;?GT8V[6D


L+2K:

M
=VW]`9R6^%H.J7[B7!T6?5MA:-IF[#GYGNC\Y\S]]\_&-U_5[??TX9_`Y%I


M(Q!9B=I




M
C`Q
S$R


M\B58\44VV


_H1
MG
$%&H

MRKY=GJS
7:`;4OS*D5JW&
M82C:&&K=[:D
E@@(O:)=T0$%H^*5[8(L4K\H;$Y0S
U.HAJTQFIX%$MOJFB
M*Q[OY
CB6`V
'K?!_*`$DY][,E(]3Y#7_7M9(Z0X:$1L5VX5U`)KMGC@1V

`E44)[/

L.@C)%N2X-5

W%Y)^%R
C^'I6&@'^




MFH=:CF@C$+[_R@[+B0UID11;YT0QGIFJ


?MU&![
M3:.%Y%*WUZIIEP&%S$VPY@FGFR_83R;;6K61W`E1S:4)Y@;7R/*P9)2'^[BX

\NHX)NBL]BL@#ENR%FAQC5A-N+IJ^UBA
M[]=#&JTCXM0L5\76J+SJC&)9C#PQ;.#
E'7


A+
MDN#+SL!DH^5B?A4SP$62+32'R'Q0&0:#9:`FX^W-%0#R74U69:?DZK@U@?



M
`_.(+\.DV'`K1L([VRU9+*1+WCR)%Q$60



MSH+H)GTX







MY8%$RX!W

(.<&FNVE-8T+VZ=$MI!%]AUB^ZM(R?JU_J[PS))_\#4$L#!!0`
M```(`#@PCD28$?DC41X``)^A`0`5`!P`;F]N92TR
#$S
3(S

M550)``



MEY/@GBSP7D3Y`PK(3H7BI:AP1Q\_?CP0WU:FDN73-(VKWWA_4-&I2V;?1@;[
M!I


M'



%E-2_XBHX2\[!KN#+FN.&*45=9P&EOJ7

8P$?
MS;/14Y1I:FO!^-2-$_VFAHP`

MHW!

#YUYD2_J3
C`(S.7%AV=;;&(`YBHQU4PF`H[9;D.*(D
M/

M1#D
34UP3
Q:EEX[0%E:JW^;OTU&)W(G&1Q/!Z(AF





M-



M0UTZ=KZ?NY)F5P`M(U!*4#'32J(P9B%$*#:I#*&.$2






M#)L0^D$'.1_@4!GE




#^9:'

Q]AR0_


MCV)HONB


MFFB2B:EGF\`-N?BVUBCGFWSXA

MO6F(F3+F[Z*/O97V_MWNQZ
P(5V]&[WQZ,67JW73;^RY8DR*
'$@
9_FF2

!33.X`(?
H:ZO




M(P2TUNPY=B3!09[S[1G1.2$'FAGN$\LYP
HT)VK9DH99@@G9:^RQF]&Q$B



I!3
^%7/



11;)0-2'40R1
(&A@#'-
?<HU@I(3D:+`!;ZN'!5!]#*+@I(#W5%<FOXW+'Q
MNJ2@HM=:/F@:P%*,BIJ4IHODB'\-0PS50=YJL^H)SJ*`A6)G4;S*M5ORKB?







MTTU*EC@*JXNSJG



!8$X#5PJ*B#]`VE@.D#-J8N






ML!1&/UYGGKHSK(MTC09)$7:G6P-I6PPN&B

OQLO;IO.V5[O4EIF\W1NG!I&P6#Z:FW61LIS7FC[%W4*ETL
M0S7+Y[UZ_0MH_1/PTOWC?)62ZYE]`[/T.NF9W15C`B68&1II9:5V='^ZBP
MY2):6PN-E5N*J\#Q9)5%E$Y*ZK



X

N'(NHR&NL5

M[M1@#D9E=HZ:T_\
`MDO*NIE\X)FR
`Z
WHXDSUDI=F\UW_MH[7:7NUL]&?\







MH@=@X6XQOS2BX66$IU$L\D*+RVLTMRT-*]B?5F56_+=K@X@GX1?VT

G
MA*USE*_PB


M.4HTGV-$AA

M:F9\Z['Y$DWXZM9)
L.Q:7-Y0'!2I[&-*5WLXKHL]8JC(=U'LVR!K=)+.#
MZP_7Y%0WW]3C#)Z

SC0O+EBX
#MT80E(<%`-9W2@[$TF55T8AO:A9@

MW.@V`*S'X


*M=5-H-

MHQS'2LFJ30$UN8VA).K:'G$`BB@J(=_;+;(?P#P#`SEI`T;#]`=49E8?Y7D:


MC=OI`;:[@IV^Y5L'V@9J_C'-6N-W+#%HF,J-EUS.2#-(5=I?6AI)[?D_0J
MH4E;+8:F-R

JX.C[(
M/J?L7O'!79&<YZ=C?<-#%)+PY/E+1L(QK2/C49!'#V*\7=P_LV*?E5\F5/DB
MOZQ$0(]\2Q51[2\1*0&K@M'T&;WA93-9O$7K,<FZ_%VT_@6T_@E8DAG3!Q;7
M;U,RCB7ETS?BO243%T\6


M[J*&[=`SZ#Y.@\!Y:S:BK9^
YZ6@5C&[JX(C0Q'1)H?7;*_V,?51^P?4_8Z
MLD_^#U!+`P04``````X

C`Q
S$R
M


631\CN.]I?BK#CS




H!%^*'E&_(FTDUL:4


M%_*+'S)%=@]&Q5K]S_RC3[D


4
M


FZR-G/)A.*5
N'&H-@4B\=P^)5HWM





M9VFV

47<EN;/]FK5*IN<1/-/3^Z;[V]?
S_?V!+PZP*P
MIP4@]Y



MU!K:WHLPL[Y$3S=`^
!H'-\R.E$=E54:V=Y+
#-^BW[;?LQR0PG-8SZ9YL:X

(


M`92_


MD+0TM;W8[XJ)5.MMG]*-J]:XIC$$T')CV\6Q&T/:U'SK01674N1JB4O=BBX+

+9AH9]Z-AM:K9#L!
M(='7/`B^SX

M$Z*MNFX[@
OR@64RP2F*0Y_;Y#R


1M/
L%+!Z5@6+ORLUZ[VQ7MS0SH[L%S\VWNRKGSM_!S9\')

O
M=]+UI6@V1]^.%G
C4`\[4QHLJG:WNMGDR6KA\&]IG%_;(&Z[\2GQP^QBWK7`


?#+`!.HV:MM9
M$QVPT8$K-]+V!_NFMK<,SU$8+_97.YSD*!T.[Y))X'QLYW?


MI^0`F[D16\I!L?3P%^`/P)'D:5_=2D[J#(APR9==S`\0[/T6N1B03'44UE


WSSH$


MDG(K*![#;3]MB$=393?`6.HB'K#E/ZYW54G0

!7VX
MRXXW`KTOTPYTR=1)'(=3DH\8J_E%?/&)

\
R7JI;F8
U;H.N/



M:!U:LO:VZ\J[P*36W0U\#%[XZ?ZLS_!1KC'9K$\'`&_X;/&AV)=ZYMP^COV_

DE@$?




@Z
TF4E;6WZ%55D0`.)26P[$MJ
M+&K.H=':OE^4RZ

M/-UL?V;%*/_
[3QQC_GHITY04NOR]4<8;O&@?:!^+X:TGJ%;0V
M;PJIJ@&Y&D1&8?7DZI0D.61G
3V(YH:3!K7F6AT=\%9(`?(RH/D42
WQ.@@


MS@
CMUT48NY%)F9Q`\GUVX)P^%0TMJLWC#'3&\`-H*3/:(!A@W.P7=AA#**I

LA(E

):0MNE

\


M3TCY'?7
QUO-NHN+E\A4W)!XQD/BZX2R9\018:5$9.M6Z)T
)$;


MT8(M0QJ7130+`GM;B[S1(L$M?8+-N`+P

MFG(NI=0]PJ:G=`




M;F]N92TR
#$S
3(S

+LDM3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``
M[5MM3^
X$/Y\)]U_\%4Z':=3FJ8ML'3IKJ\!VTB+(OVB\K-W&+E\3NV@Z4
M^_4WCI
V;8I)659WNBP?4&K//)YYQIZ
R[#_=A:%Z(X(23GKUKQZHX8(\WE`






(
NN7JZ1&69(X
L]0B3YE4F/E+\H&:*^2%MUTSN21*
MUXKN&%&:B0:DG%PLG0G&T[GL&
M1(IM.@([7


6##.(JP






M7

M_3U8`H_F^)4




M;['*BSH
1V=3AY=/VW?R]VB^2-[=M%G)770KI9]7.YKVP7$N%&*%SBA;9YSI
MZ3N'-*RA+KZDY/I.7K(\9I.RZO/9+P=!
C%C1L9D2F]PPC$C1)_/J$WT%0

MIV@8ZGMLMZ9$K!.+;HWM0




GI?ZS
M_BU??E;/U6.S_^))VG=-IH3'?P!02P$'@,4``````X
(Y$[I6:;](L``#:
MG@$`$0`8```````!````I($`````;F]N92TR
#$S
3(S
2YX;6Q55`4``PNR

(Y$NURZ



M
#(``!$`&````````0```*2!C'
``&YO;F4M
C`Q
S$R

+
HLDM3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``/-Z````````
`
end











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

631

750




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













