

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-18-004490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180402
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		18729411
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110








     






U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________

Commission
File Number 000-54959

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)


1001
SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
Portland
Oregon 97214
(Address
of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities

 $0.0001 par value




Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate

[X] No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
    
Smaller
    reporting company 

Emerging
    growth company 
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]


The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30
 2017 was approximately $17
001
894.

As
of April 2
 2018
 5
044
770 shares of our common stock were outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 





    
    


PART
I

Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
 is referred to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;EAST
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
or &ldquo;we.&rdquo;

Item
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS




We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike other distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom
Partners subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits
expertise
 during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar
John Rich
 of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;). We believe that RRW will achieve
commercial success on a broad scale
 and we have therefore focused our sales efforts outside Oregon on RRW. We believe RRW will
be a key growth engine in 2018 and will also provide a &ldquo;coattail&rdquo; effect for our other brands
 helping them to achieve
improved national recognition and success.

Operating
as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek to turn our small
size from a disadvantage into an advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
our team can leverage its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate
more of our attention and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the
light-whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months.
We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold
brew coffee and low sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer
better value than comparable spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative
spirits that offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys and Marionberry Whiskey.

As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium
gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery
(&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 we also provide contract bottling and packaging
services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill spirits. During 2018
we intend to use our &ldquo;slim line&rdquo; canning equipment
 newly installed at MotherLode
 to profit from an emerging consumer
interest in canned wine. We believe our location close to vineyards in Oregon and Washington is a competitive advantage.

Corporate
History

We
were incorporated in Nevada in February 2004 under the name Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. In December 2014
 we changed our corporate
name to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect our then recent acquisition of Eastside Distilling
 LLC.

The
Acquisition of Eastside Distilling
 LLC

In
October 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;)
pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Eurocan
 Eastside and Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Eastside merged with and into Eastside Distilling
Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 1
600
000 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock.
In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 1
245
500 shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
upon consummation of the Merger Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 2
000
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
of which 1
600
000 shares were held by the former members of Eastside.

Following
the Acquisition
 we conduct the business of Eastside as our primary business.


    
    


Market
Opportunity

Large
and Growing Global and Domestic Markets

The
global spirits market generated total revenues of $316 billion in 2013
 representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.4%
between 2009 and 2013
 according to MarketLine. The performance of the market is forecasted to accelerate with an anticipated
CAGR of 4.2% for the five-year period 2013-2018
 which is expected to increase revenues generated by this market to a value of
approximately $388 billion by the end of 2018.


The
U.S. spirits market had total revenues of $26.2 billion in 2017
 representing more than a 32% increase
since 2010
 according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States (DISCUS). The domestic market share of spirits compared
to beer and wine was at a record 36.6% in 2017 according to DISCUS
 representing more than a 3% gain over
beer and wine in terms of market share since 2010.


Key
Growth Trends that We Target

Craft

000 cases annually)
has doubled over the last two years
 and is projected to reach 8% by 2020
 according to the American Distilling Institute.

Women

 Park Street Imports
 LLC (&ldquo;Park
Street&rdquo;) and the US Census Bureau estimate that 37% of all U.S. whiskey drinkers are women.

Millennials

 &ldquo;Millennials&rdquo; (individuals born between the early 1980s and the mid-1990s) value &ldquo;authenticity&rdquo;
and are inspired by travel
 like to try new products and seek new experiences
 according to a survey by BeverageDaily.com. Millennials
tend to drink a broader range of spirit types (vodka
 rum
 tequila
 whiskey
 gin) than prior generations and Millennials consume
more expensive spirits than their predecessors. These individuals are often attracted to vintage spirits and cocktails with nostalgic
followings
 such as throwbacks to the 1950s like rye whiskey
 bourbon
 and the Manhattan cocktail. According to Barclays Research
millennials increasingly prefer spirits over beer and wine
 and flavored spirits in particular. In addition
 according to DISCUS
millennials are more willing than prior generations to purchase premium spirits.

Flavored

 flavored spirits sales continue to grow faster than the overall spirits market
 and flavored
whiskey
 which is especially appealing to younger drinkers and women
 is the fastest growing flavored spirit category.

International

past decade to $1.56 billion in 2015
 and whiskey exports were up approximately 5.4% in 2015 compared to 2014. The largest export
markets for U.S. spirits include the United Kingdom
 Canada
 Germany
 Australia
 and Japan.

Our
Strategy and Its Implementation

Our
objective is to build Eastside Distilling into a strong
 nationally competitive and profitable spirits company
 with a distinctive
portfolio of premium and high-end spirits brands that have national
 and even international
 consumer appeal and following. Our
strategy to accomplish that goal includes:



    
    
create
    a &ldquo;brand factory&rdquo; to develop and grow emerging spirits and Ready-to-Drink (RTD) brands;


    
    
    

    
    
be
    an acquisition platform for the fragmented craft spirits industry; and


    
    
    

    
    
build
    cash flow in the Pacific Northwest home market through sales of our locally-created spirits and with our bottling subsidiary
    to help support our overall growth activities.



To
help achieve this
 we are focused on:



    
    
achieving
    world-class spirit rebranding with the collaboration of Sandstrom Partners;


    
    
    

    
    
growing
    organically and by acquisition;


    
    
    

    
    
monetizing
    our diverse and growing product portfolio;


    
    
    

    
    
improving
    margins; and


    
    
    

    
    
accelerating
    our strong double-digit growth in core markets
 as well as expanding opportunistically in international markets.





    
    


Our
Strengths

We
believe the following competitive strengths will help enable the implementation of our growth strategies:



    
    
Award-Winning
    Diverse Product Line
 currently offering over a dozen premium craft spirits
 many of which
    have won awards for taste and/or product design. According to a study by the American Craft Spirits Association
 the U.S.
    craft spirits volume of cases sold experienced a compound annual growth rate of 27.4% between 2010 and 2015
 and saw an increase
    in market share from 0.8% to 2.2% during that period. Our sales of premium brands have increased over 1
000% since 2010. We
    believe our diverse
 recognized product line in this growing market will enable us to establish a presence in new geographic
    markets and enable us to procure additional distributors for our products.


    
    
    


    
    
Key
                                         Relationships
                                         We have distribution arrangements with several of the largest wine and spirits distributors
                                         in the United States
 such as RNDC and Southern Glazer&rsquo;s. We have
                                         also engaged Park Street
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services
                                         for alcohol and beverage distributors. We believe these relationships will help accomplish
                                         our goal of having our premium spirits sold and distributed nationwide.

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
We
                                         believe that our team of expert blenders and distillers
 with highly regarded &ldquo;palates&rdquo;
                                         is important to us maintaining a high-quality
 artisanal character to our products as
                                         well as adding to our consumer appeal.




Our
Product Approach

Our
approach to or craft spirits involves five important aspects:



    
    
Commitment
    to Quality
 innovative products targeted at growing markets.


    
    
    


    
    
Authentic
    Yet Scalable:
 while keeping flavor
    profiles consistent.


    
    
    


    
    
Unique
    Talent and Experience


    
    
    


    
    
Extensive
    Spirit Portfolio
 which we believe affords
    us the opportunity to target a broader range of consumers with our brands.


    
    
    


    
    
Generate
    Customer Loyalty



Our
Brands

We
develop
 produce and market the premium brands listed below:

.
We develop
 market and produce several premium
 barrel&ndash;aged whiskeys and bourbons under our brand name &ldquo;Burnside.&rdquo;
During 2017
 we undertook a major re-branding and market re-positioning strategy with our Burnside-branded products. This
effort was led by our marketing partner
 Sandstrom Partners. The new branding
 packaging and product line expansion was launched
late in the fourth quarter of 2017. The current products sold under this brand include: Burnside West End Blend (a blended whiskey)
Burnside Oregon Oaked Bourbon (a blended bourbon)
 Burnside Goose Hollow RSV Bourbon (a special reserve straight bourbon) and
Burnside Oregon Oaked Rye (a blended rye whiskey). All of the Burnside products are age-finished in our own in-house
 heavily-charred
Oregon-oak barrels
 which we believe adds an enhanced and improved flavor profile and provides the products with differentiation
in the marketplace. We consider the Burnside products to be &ldquo;premium&rdquo; to &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brands. Our Burnside
brands accounted for approximately 25% and 40% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The
decrease as a percentage of sales is due to the re-branding of this product line during 2017.

Redneck
Riviera Whiskey
 we were granted an exclusive license for the use of the Redneck Riviera brand for spirits-based
products. The Redneck Riviera trademark is owned by Rich Marks
 which is controlled by John Rich
 a &ldquo;multiple platinum&rdquo;
country music singer and songwriter who performs with the &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich&rdquo; band. In January 2018
 we officially launched
our first product
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey
 under this royalty-free
 10-year license. Beginning in 2020
 we will be required to
meet certain levels of case sales to avoid termination of the license
 and if those levels are met
 we will be entitled to renew
the license in perpetuity or until such time as a sale of the Redneck Riviera spirits brands occurs.


    
    


Income
from sales of RRW and any subsequent products go entirely to us
 less any customary brand development allowances to distributors
or other such payment that are within our discretion. We will be reimbursing Mr. Rich for his expenses incurred while performing
personal services in marketing the brand. Should Rich Marks choose to sell the Redneck Riviera spirits brand
 we and Rich Marks
will share equally in the sale proceeds of any brand and other IP developed under the license
 based on a sliding scale that gives
Rich Marks an increasing percentage of sale proceeds
 if any
 over $20 million. We have certain rights of first refusal to acquire
Rich Mark&rsquo;s interest should a third party sale be proposed.

Barrel
Hitch American Whiskey
80 proof and won a triple-Gold Medal and &ldquo;best of show&rdquo; in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards in 2015. Barrel Hitch was
introduced in July 2015 and accounted for approximately 11% and 17% of our sales for the years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Premium
Vodka. 
 market and produce a premium potato vodka under the brand name &ldquo;Portland Potato Vodka&rdquo;
which is distilled from potatoes rather than grain and
 as such
 is gluten-free. Our Portland Potato Vodka was awarded a silver
medal from the American Wine Society and a gold medal from the Beverage Tasting Institute
 which also gave it a &ldquo;Best Buy&rdquo;
rating. A new product
 Hot Potato Vodka
 was added to this category in the second quarter of 2017. The vodka is 80 proof and is
a combination of habanero pepper and Portland Potato Vodka producing a full-palate explosion of flavor. Our Potato Vodka brands
accounted for approximately 22% and 13% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


Distinctive
Specialty Whiskeys
 market and produce two distinctive specialty whiskeys: Cherry Bomb Whiskey and Marionberry
Whiskey. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey combines handcrafted small batch whiskey with a blast of real Oregon cherries. Our Cherry Bomb
Whiskey won a gold medal from the American Wine Society and was also awarded a gold medal for taste and a silver medal for package
design in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Marionberry whiskey combines Oregon marionberries (a hybrid blackberry) with premium
aged whiskey and was awarded two silver medals in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards for taste and package design. Our specialty whiskeys
accounted for approximately 13% of our sales for each of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Below
Deck Rums
 market and produce four rums under the Below Deck brand name: Below Deck Silver Rum
 Below Deck Spiced
Rum
 Below Deck Coffee Rum and Below Deck Ginger Rum. Below Deck&rsquo;s Silver Rum is our original rum. Below Deck Spiced Rum
is double-distilled from molasses and infused with exotic spices and won a triple gold medal for taste and a bronze medal for
package design in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Below Deck Coffee Rum is double-distilled and infused with coffee flavors
from Arabica bean and won a silver medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Below Deck Ginger Rum is infused with
natural ginger. Our Below Deck Rums accounted for approximately 11% and 10% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2017
and 2016
 respectively.

Seasonal/Limited
Edition Spirits
 whiskeys
 rum and vodka
 we create seasonal and limited-edition handmade
products
 such as Advocaat (eggnog) Liqueur
 Peppermint Bark Liqueur
 Bier Schnapps and Holiday Spiced Liqueur. Our Seasonal/Limited
Edition Spirits accounted for approximately 6% of our sales for each of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


BBD
Spirits
portfolio includes several craft spirits that we believe are highly complementary to our product line
 including The Ninety One
Gin
 Navy Strength Gin (114 proof) and Delta Rye (111 proof) rye whiskey
 among others. Inspired by the craft spirits movement
in Oregon
 Big Bottom Distillery&rsquo;s small-batch
 hand-crafted spirits provide consumers with unique takes on traditional
spirits. BBD products accounted for approximately 3% of our sales in 2017.



MotherLode
LLC
 MotherLode
 historically has provided bottling services
 as well as production support
to customers such as other craft spirit and wine producers. MotherLode recently added the ability to provide canning services
to customers for wine and Ready to Drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;) alcoholic drinks. The custom built canning line is designed to produce
Ball Corporation&rsquo;s popular &ldquo;slim can&rdquo; in 187 ml
 200 ml and 250 ml sizes
 with 250 ml being equal to approximately
8.45 ounces. The new line was recently completed
 and MotherLode expects to begin providing canning to initial customers
in the near-future. MotherLode accounted for approximately 9% of our sales in 2017.



    
    


Production
and Supply

There
are several steps in the production and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled.
This is a multi-stage process that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol
is processed and/or aged in various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is
designed to remove all other chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality
with minimal harshness. Achieving a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes. For our
large production products
 we currently source full strength and barrel strength (reduced ABV due to evaporation) that we further
process (such as aging in Oregon Oak
 or adding ingredients) and bottle at our premises.

For
our spirits brands
 rather than removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following
techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands
in various types of casks for extended periods of time
 as well as the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique
flavor profile for each brand. After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids
are bottled. This involves several important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles
and packaging the bottles in various configurations for shipment.

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for the sourcing of our spirit products and raw materials
 including our distillate products
and other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S. We do not have long-term
 written agreements
with any of our suppliers. However
 we believe that we have consistent and reliable third-party sources for spirit product. However
we produce and bottle our spirits for distribution
 whether the distilling stage of the process was at our facility or not.

Distribution
Network

We
believe that the distribution network that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers
is one of our key strengths. We currently have distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in 26 U.S.
states.

U.S.
Distribution

Importers
of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand
is first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either
&ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held
companies. In the 18 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers
 including our
company. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets
and other outlets licensed to sell alcoholic beverages. In larger states
 such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle
a brand in separate geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
which distribute the products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while
maintaining strict control over pricing and profit.

The
U.S. spirits industry has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are
currently eight major spirits companies
 each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including
these large companies
 are required by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies
are exerting increasing influence over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies
to get their products recognized by the distributors.



We
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department
 and the requisite state licenses within the states we conduct business.

Our
inventory is maintained in our warehouse and shipped nationally by our network of licensed and bonded carriers.

Wholesalers
and Distributors

In
the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for product placement and
for retail store penetration. All of the distributors we currently work with also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and
brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we
have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in the twenty-six states we sell our products
 and our
products are sold in the U.S. by these wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.


    
    



Other
Sources of Revenue

Special
Events

We
also generate sales from participating in special events (such as farmers&rsquo; markets
 trade shows
 hosting private tastings
etc.). We offer tastings as well as sell merchandise and bottle sales and have generated as much as $75
000 in sales from these
special events in a single month
 particularly during the winter holiday season (November/December). In addition to the sales
these events generate
 we value the immediate customer feedback during these activities
 which is instrumental in creating better
products and testing new flavors.

Retail
Stores and Kiosks

We
currently have three retail stores in shopping centers in the Portland
 Oregon area that provide us with additional opportunities
for sales of our products. During the holiday season (November and December) we also expand our retail operations by opening additional
temporary locations
 usually within high-traffic shopping malls in the Portland metro region. We intend to maintain these retail
stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail sales. These stores provide in-store tastings
which we believe leads to additional product purchases.

Significant
Customers

Sales
to one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 32% of our consolidated sales for each of
the years 2017 and 2016.

Sales
Team

We
have a total sales force of 11 people
 with an average of over ten years of industry experience with premium beverage alcohol
brands.

Our
sales personnel are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional
plans for our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel.
Our sales team also maintains relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training
and education for our brands.

In
addition
 we have also engaged Park Street Imports
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol
and beverage distributors
 which services include state compliance
 logistics planning
 order processing
 distributor chargeback
and bill-support management and certain accounting and reporting services.

Advertising
Marketing and Promotion

To
build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end
consumer. Advertising
 marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts
to build substantial brand value.

In
late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
and tasked them with reviewing our current product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation
of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. We are using Sandstrom&rsquo;s full range of brand development
services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and
development. During 2017
 Sandstrom helped us successfully re-brand our key Burnside product as well as developed the branding
for our new &ldquo;Redneck Riviera&rdquo; brand.

We
also employ two in-house marketing and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms
to maintain a high degree of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities.
We use a range of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well
as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.

Besides
traditional advertising
 we also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships
and tastings. Our significant U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases
brand awareness. Event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute
product to trend-setting events where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and
on-premise promotions each year.

We
support our brand marketing efforts with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
supported by attractive point-of-sale materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.

Intellectual
Property

Trademarks
are an important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license.
Our brands are protected by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the
U.S. where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiary.
In the U.S.
 trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets
as we expand our distribution territories.



Our
industry is subject to seasonality with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter
 primarily due to
seasonal holiday buying. Historically
 this holiday demand has resulted in higher sales for us in our fourth quarter.



The
beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition
and distribution strength. Our premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
retail shelf space
 restaurant presence and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors
of beverage alcohol products
 many of which have greater resources than us.


    
    


Over
the past ten years
 the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand
ownership. The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo
PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 and Remy
Cointreau S.A.

We
believe that we are in a better position to partner with small-to-mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative
capital position and resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements
and acquiring brands by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and
providing brand owners the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our
major competitors
 most of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller
brands and tailor transaction structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and
resources may limit our marketing capabilities
 limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability
with our distributors.

By
focusing on the premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
experienced sales force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of
our size. Also
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size
wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.

Government
regulation

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and
the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of all fifty states.

The
U.S. Treasury Department&rsquo;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales
and advertising and transportation of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
sale and distribution of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with
holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell spirits.

We
are subject to U.S. regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete
prohibition of the marketing of alcohol in some states to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.

Labeling
of spirits is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength
and other consumer information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks
of drinking beverage alcohol products.

In
the U.S. control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased
and offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which
are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products
not selected for listings only through special orders
 if at all.

The
distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally.
Most foreign countries impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple
application on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several
countries impose additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs.
Once we begin distributing our products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.

We
believe that we are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly
regulated industry which may be subject to more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due
to regulatory changes could be significant.



As
of December 31
 2017
 we had 25 full-time employees
 13 of whom were in sales and marketing and four of whom were in management
and 8 in administration and production.

Geographic
Information

Eastside
operates in the spirits business. Eastside&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 vodka
 gin and specialty liquors. Eastside
currently sells its products in 26 states (Oregon
 Washington
 California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Georgia
 Rhode Island
 Idaho
 Maryland
 West Virginia
 Wyoming
 North Carolina
Louisiana
 Tennessee
 Mississippi
 South Dakota
 Kansas and Alaska)
 as well as in Ontario
 Canada.


    
    






The
Company&rsquo;s corporate headquarters
 including its wholly-owned Motherlode subsidiary
 moved to 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite
390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214
 effective November 1
 2017. Located in Portland&rsquo;s Eastbank Commerce Center on the east side
of Portland
 this office space is home to the Company&rsquo;s executive offices
 including finance
 accounting
 sales and general
management
 both for Eastside and its MotherLode bottling and canning subsidiary. The Company&rsquo;s production facilities
are located in Milwaukie
 OR and its Big Bottom Distillery operations are in Hillsboro
 OR.



Item
1A. RISK FACTORS AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

The
statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction
with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo; to this Form 10-K. In addition
 the statements in this section and other sections
of this Form 10-K include &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking statements give current
expectations or forecasts of future events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking statements by the
fact they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo; and similar words or expressions.

Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
any or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially
differ from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.

We
undertake no obligation to provide updates to forward-looking statements to the public
 whether as a result of new information
future events or otherwise. You should
 however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form
10-Q or Form 8-K.

The
following is a cautionary discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business.
In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following are some of the important factors that
 individually
or in the aggregate
 we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements.
It is impossible to predict or identify all such factors and
 as a result
 you should not consider the following factors to be
a complete discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions.

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS

If
our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 our growth may be limited.

Although
our brands have achieved acceptance in the Pacific Northwest
 most of our brands are relatively new and have not achieved extensive
national brand recognition. Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future may not establish widespread brand recognition.
Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and our growth may be limited.

We
have incurred significant operating losses every quarter since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant
operating losses in the future.

We
believe that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we expect to make continued significant investment
in product development and sales and marketing and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands.
We also anticipate that our cash needs will exceed our income from sales for the foreseeable future. Some of our products may
never achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment in them. Also
 we
may find that our expansion plans are more costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases
in our sales
 which would further increase our losses. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow
some of which could be significant. Results of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
including market acceptance of our products
 new product introductions and competition. We also incur substantial operating expenses
at the corporate level
 including costs directly related to being a reporting company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we reported a net loss of $5.3 million. As of December 31
2017
 we had an accumulated deficit since inception of $18.1 million.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing
suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace.

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of the raw materials for all of our products
 including our
distillate products and other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S. We do not have long-term
written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our relationships or an adverse change in the terms of these
arrangements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not be able to secure
alternative suppliers
 and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased
costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products
from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet orders for
our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause us to lose
credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our business
and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
our business could be negatively impacted.


    
    


We
depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors
to distribute our products adequately within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of
operations.

We
are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies
performing this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains
in the U.S. We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
 failure
to maintain those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently distribute
our products in 26 states &ndash; Oregon
 Washington
 California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Georgia
 Rhode Island
 Idaho
 Maryland
 West Virginia
 Wyoming
 North Carolina
 Louisiana
Tennessee
 Mississippi
 South Dakota
 Kansas and Alaska (as wells as in Ontario
 Canada).

Over
the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many
states now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution
for several states. If we fail to maintain good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out
of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability
and desire to distribute our products to our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement
and retail store penetration. In addition
 all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot
assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to
promote and market our brands and product lines or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they
do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a decline in our results of operations.

We
rely on a few key distributors
 and the loss of any one key distributor would substantially reduce our revenues.

We
currently derive a significant amount of our revenues from a few major distributors. A significant decrease in business from or
loss of any of our major distributors could harm our financial condition by causing a significant decline in revenues attributable
to such distributors. Sales to one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 32% of our consolidated
sales for each of the years 2017 and 2016. While we believe our relationships with our major distributors are good
 we do not
have long-term contracts with any of them and purchases generally occur on an order-by-order basis. If we experience a significant
decrease in sales to any of our major distributors and are unable to replace such sales volume with orders from other customers
our sales may decrease which would have a material adverse financial effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

The
sales of our products could decrease significantly if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.

In
the control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and
offered for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing in control states must generally reach certain volumes
and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products in control states are selected for purchase and sale through listing
procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not
selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those
states for any additional products we may develop or acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly which would have
a material adverse financial effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We
must maintain a relatively large inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is
lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.

We
must maintain relatively large inventories of our products to meet customer delivery requirements. We are always at risk of loss
of that inventory due to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail
to meet our orders and harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
cease to produce old products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses
and negatively impact our results of operations.

If
we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth
will be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
 we may not realize anticipated benefits
 due to integration difficulties
or other operating issues.

A
component of our growth strategy may be the acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
through acquisitions of such brands or their corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive
distribution arrangements and/or other strategic relationships. For example
 in May 2017
 we acquired 90% of the ownership of
BBD for its award-winning range of super-premium gins and whiskeys
 and we acquired MotherLode in March 2017
 which provides contract
bottling and packaging services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill
spirits. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth
will be limited.

Also
even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability levels that
justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to
 those additional
brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other operating issues
any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These risks include
but are not limited to:


    
    




    
    
difficulties
    in assimilating acquired operations or products;

    
    
    

    
    
unanticipated
    costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    
negative
    effects on reported results of operations from acquisition-related charges and amortization of acquired intangibles;

    
    
    

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses.


Our
ability to grow through the acquisition of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete
the necessary acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash
resources
 third-party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring
additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly
and yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on
our financial statements
 the amortization or impairment of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Our
failure to protect our trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand
portfolio.

Our
business and prospects depend in part on our ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although
we apply for registration of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on
trade secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate.
Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our
use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this
proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain
non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop
or otherwise obtain access to our trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand
portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our sales and growth potential.

A
failure of one or more of our key information technology systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers could
have a material adverse impact on our business.

We
rely on information technology (IT) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities
and tools
 hardware (including laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are
managed
 hosted
 provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various
uses of these IT systems
 networks and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication
systems; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping products to customers; hosting
our branded websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other
data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential
and proprietary research
 business plans
 and financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing
data security; and handling other processes necessary to manage our business.

Increased
IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and
services
 as well as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers
we rely upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to
any number of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans
do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and
reputational
 competitive and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition.
In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial
and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
customers
 suppliers or consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other
resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.

Our
failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business.

Our
success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee
base
 as well as our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. If one of our executive officers or significant employees
terminates her or his employment
 we may not be able to replace their expertise
 fully integrate new personnel or replicate the
prior working relationships
 and the loss of their services might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives. Qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience in our industry that we require are in high demand
and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on the life
of any executive or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected loss of
experienced employees could have an adverse impact our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption
and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.


    
    


If
we fail to manage growth effectively or prepare for product scalability
 it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency
product quality
 working capital levels and results of operations.

Any
significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base
for managerial
 operational
 financial
 and other purposes. During any period of growth
 we may face problems related to our operational
and financial systems and controls
 including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue
to expand
 train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the
members of management to identify
 recruit
 maintain
 integrate
 and motivate new employees. Aside from increased difficulties
in the management of human resources
 we may also encounter working capital issues
 as we will need increased liquidity to finance
the marketing of the products we sell
 and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management
 we will be required
to continue improving our operations
 management
 and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively
may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors
that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and
potential customers.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors
 including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure
 dining and beverage consumption patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and
anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations.

A
limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety
of factors
 including:



    
    
a
    general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
concern
    about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol products and about drinking and driving;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premises establishments
 such as may result from smoking
    bans and stricter laws relating to driving while under the influence of alcohol;

    
    
    

    
    
consumer
    dietary preferences favoring lighter
 lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 sports drinks and water products;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    federal
 state
 provincial and foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage
    alcohol advertising and marketing;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products or increasing prices due to the
    imposition of duties or excise tax;

    
    
    

    
    
inflation;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
wars
    pandemics
 weather and natural or man-made disasters.


In
addition
 our continued success depends
 in part
 on our ability to develop new products to meet consumer needs and anticipate
changes in consumer preferences. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain especially with regard
to their appeal to consumers. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs and an unsuccessful launch
 among
other things
 can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived
popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs and other costs.

We
face substantial competition in our industry
 and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer
preferences. The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies.
Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and have substantially greater financial
 sales
marketing and other resources than we do
 as well as larger installed customer bases
 greater name recognition and broader product
offerings. Some of these competitors can devote greater resources to the development
 promotion
 sale and support of their products.
As a result
 it is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or
effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.


    
    



In
addition
 the legalization of marijuana in any of the jurisdictions in which we sell our products may result in a reduction in
sales. Studies have shown that sales of alcohol may decrease in jurisdictions where marijuana has been legalized (e.g. California
Colorado
 Washington and Oregon). As a result
 marijuana sales may adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Class
actions or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Our
industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage
alcohol has caused death or serious health problems
 or related to the labelling of our products. It is also possible that governments
could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions
of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
could be named in litigation of this type.

Also
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing
and promotions violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment
of the family funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar
lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend
against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our
business could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory
decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our
margins.

Our
business is subject to extensive government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various
permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to
our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over
alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences
from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or
other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations
and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our
licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we
could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products
and reduce our sales and profit potential.

Also
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world.
An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through
the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol. Although
we expect a significantly positive impact on our operating results from the enactment of the Craft Modernization and Tax Reform
Act of 2017
 which was part of the 2017 federal tax legislation that went into effect on January 1
 2018
 resulting from the lowering
of the federal excise tax on spirits for the first 100
000 proof gallons per year from $13.50 to $2.70 per gallon
 there can be
no assurance this revised tax rate will remain in effect after the initial two-year period.

We
could face product liability or other related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.

Although
we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these
measures may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited
to $1 million per occurrence and $4 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $2 million.
Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical
matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers.
In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.

Contamination
of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer
support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.

The
success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally
or through deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect
the demand for our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products
or defects in the distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury
to
 consumers of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent
that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers
of our brands could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing
our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.


    
    


Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products.

Anti-alcohol
groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations
designed to discourage alcohol consumption. In addition
 recent developments in the industry may compel us to identify the source
and location of our distillate products
 and notify the consumer of whether the product was distilled by us. More restrictive
regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness
or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
 or the JOBS Act
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Investors may find our common stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions; which
may result in a less active trading market for our common stock
 making the market prices more volatile.

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like
 or
at all
 and sales of large blocks of shares may depress the price of our common stock.

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or &ldquo;thinly-traded
&rdquo; meaning that the number of persons interested
in purchasing shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence
there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent
 as
compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to
sell their common stock at or above their purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses. Also
 as a consequence of this
lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the
price of shares of our common stock in either direction. The price of shares of our common stock could
 for example
 decline precipitously
in the event a large number of shares of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to
a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price.

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock.

In
August 2017
 our shares of common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market
 such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement
Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common
stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting
we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing requirements
 but we can provide no assurance that
any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again
 stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity
of our common stock
 prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance
with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing requirements.

While
our warrants are outstanding
 it may be more difficult to raise additional equity capital.

We
currently have outstanding publicly-traded warrants to purchase 1
380
000 shares of common stock (the &ldquo;Public Warrants&rdquo;)
that were issued in our August 2017 public offering. As of April 2
 2018
 we also have an aggregate of 1
243
077 non-trading
privately-issued common stock purchase warrants (the &ldquo;Private Warrants&rdquo;). During the term that our Public Warrants
and Private Warrants are outstanding
 the holders of such warrants will be given the opportunity to profit from a rise in the
market price of our common stock. We may find it more difficult to raise additional equity capital while the Public Warrants and/or
Private Warrants are outstanding.

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to
continue operations.

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction
in our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and
our operations. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect
on our business plans and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our
common stock price declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from
operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able
to have the resources to continue our normal operations.


    
    


We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

For
the foreseeable future
 it is anticipated that earnings
 if any
 that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance
our operations and that cash dividends will not be paid to holders of common stock.

Our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer owns a significant number of shares of our outstanding common stock
 and as long as he does
he may be able to control the outcome of stockholder voting.

Grover
T. Wickersham
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 is the beneficial owner of approximately 8.3% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock as of April 2
 2018
 including shares he owns as the indirect beneficial owner (but for which he disclaims
beneficial ownership)
 and excluding shares he (or the entities for which he is deemed to be the beneficial owner) has the right
to acquire upon exercise of warrants and options that may be exercised in the future. Accordingly
 as a result of his direct and
indirect beneficial ownership
 he may be able to exercise substantial control and directly influence our affairs and business
including any determination with respect to a change in control
 future issuances of common stock or other securities
 declaration
of dividends on the common stock and the election of directors. Were all of the options and warrants exercised for which Mr. Wickersham
is deemed to own
 whether directly and indirectly
 his influence over matters that are subject to a stockholder vote would significantly
increase.



We
have the ability to issue additional shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
which could cause your investment to be diluted.

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 15
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 100
000
000
shares of preferred stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or
options to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any
additional issuance of our common stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of
diluting your investment
 and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

By
issuing preferred stock
 we may be able to delay
 defer
 or prevent a change of control.

Our
Articles of Incorporation permits us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100
000
000 shares of preferred
stock. Our Board of Directors may determine the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is
possible that our Board of Directors
 in determining the rights
 preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock
is issued
 may include provisions that have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control
 discouraging
bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price
 or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and
other rights of the holders of our common stock.

We
face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standard.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley&rdquo;)
 as well as related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 require compliance with certain corporate governance practices and financial reporting
standards for public companies. These laws
 rules and regulations
 including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial reporting (&ldquo;SOX 404&rdquo;)
 has materially increased our legal
and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Although we currently believe
our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject
to the risk that our controls may become inadequate or may not operate effectively. Any failure to comply with the requirements
of SOX 404
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
 or difficulties
encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result
in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of the periodic
management evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a failure to remediate any material weaknesses that we may
identify
 would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting that are required under SOX 404. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock and we could
be subject to regulatory sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which would require additional
financial and management resources.

Substantial
sales of our stock may impact the market price of our common stock.

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock
or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced and
the price of our common stock may fall.

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS




    
    


Item
2. PROPERTIES

Our
executive offices are located at 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. We lease these premises under a lease
agreement which started on November 1
 2017 and ends on June 30
 2020. Current monthly lease payments are $5
719.

Our
primary production facility is located at 2150 Hanna Harvester Rd
 Milwaukie
 OR and comprises approximately 13
480 square feet.
Additionally
 we have leased approximately 4
250 square feet of adjacent space that contains 10 storage racks. This lease has
a current monthly lease rate of $10
875. Our lease rate will increase $250 per month beginning January 1
 2019 to a maximum of
$11
125 at the end of the lease term on October 31
 2021. We have two successive options to extend the lease for an additional
5 years each at the then fair market value of comparable space. We also have the option to lease the bay adjacent to the Premises
consisting of approximately 4
620 sq. ft.
 for monthly rent equal to $4
150.

We
also lease retail space for our tasting rooms in the Portland
 Oregon area. We lease a 683 square foot retail store in Clackamas
Town Center
 under a two-year lease expiring March 31
 2020 at a rate of $3
529 per month and percentage rent equal to 15% of
the excess of net sales made at the retail space above $210
 Avenue
Portland
 Oregon 97214
 with a current monthly lease rate of $1
857 per month expiring on March 31
 2021. Our monthly lease rate
will increase 3% each year. In February 2017
 we entered into a lease for a retail store at Woodburn Outlet Mall
 and that lease
expires February 2018
 which was amended to expire in January 2019. The monthly rent at this location varies from $500 to $4
500
based on retail seasonality. During the holiday season (November and December) we generally will open additional
 temporary locations.
We intend to maintain these retail stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail sales. Some
of these stores will contain in-store tastings
 which we believe will lead to additional product purchases.

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings; however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from
time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation is time consuming and expensive to
resolve
 and it diverts management resources.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY

Our
common stock trades on the NASDAQ under the symbol &ldquo;EAST.&rdquo; Limited trading of our common stock has occurred during
the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available. The following table sets forth the high
and low closing prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as reported by both NASDAQ and OTC Markets Group
) and represents inter dealer quotations
 without retail
mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not be reflective of actual transactions.

We
consider our stock to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo; and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of
) set forth below may
reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.



2016
    (OTC Markets)
    
    

First
    quarter
    
    

Second
    quarter
    
    

Third
    quarter
    
    

Fourth
    quarter
    
    




2017

 2017
    
    

First
    quarter
    
    

Second
    quarter
    
    

Third
    quarter
    
    

Fourth
    quarter
    
    




Our
shares of common stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Pacific
Stock Transfer Company
 6725 Via Austi Pkwy Suite 300
 Las Vegas
 NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (800) 785-7782).

As
of April 2
 2018
 there were 5
044
770 shares of our common stock outstanding
 which were held by approximately 128 record
stockholders. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing
agencies.




    
    


Dividend
Policy

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable
future.

The
previous Series A convertible preferred stock accrued dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. All remaining preferred
shares were converted in the first quarter of 2017 and no dividends are due.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.
under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    

Plan
    Category
Number
securities
issued
exercise
options
warrants
                                         and
average
price
options
and
                                         rights
Number
available
issuance
plans
securities
in
                                         column (a))

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders (1) (2)
369
006
    
20
432

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
369
006
    
20
432




    
    
2015
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2015
    Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the plan
    is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. At December 31
 2017
 there were 14
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
    which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in
    year two.

    
    
    

    
    
2016
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;).
    The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan is 166
667
    shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 307
139
    shares
 equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted
    basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;)
    approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of the common stock that may be issued under the
    2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Aggregate Limit&rdquo;) by an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares
    of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to options
    to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the &ldquo;Individual Option
    Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted
    to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &ldquo;Individual Award Limit&rdquo;) under the 2016 Plan in any one year
    period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be paid to any
    one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance compensation awards under the 2016 Plan
    (the &ldquo;Individual Performance Award Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 which amendments were adopted
    and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall not be
    less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
 2017
    there were 354
422 options and 125
146 restricted stock units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) issued under the 2016 Plan
 with vesting
    schedules varying between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
following lists set forth information regarding all securities sold or granted by the Registrant within the past year that were
not registered under the Securities Act
 and the consideration
 if any
 received by the Registrant for such securities:



    
    
In
    December 2017
 the Company issued 32
000 shares to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The shares
    were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 at $4.54 per share.



    
    




    
    
In
    December 2017
 the Company issued 14
384 shares of common stock upon conversion of 8% promissory notes with an aggregate principal
    amount converted of $52
500. The Registrant did not receive any cash proceeds from these issuances


None
of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions
 general solicitation or any public
offering
 and the Registrant believes each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
 as
stated above. The Registrant believes that the Section 4(a)(2) exemption applies to certain of the transactions described above
because such transactions were predicated on the fact that the issuances were made only to investors who (i) confirmed to the
Registrant in writing that they are accredited investors
 or if not accredited
 have such knowledge and experience in financial
and business matters that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment; and (ii) either received adequate
business and financial information about the Registrant or had access
 through their relationships with the Registrant
 to such
information. Furthermore
 the Registrant affixed appropriate legends to the share certificates and instruments issued in each
foregoing transaction setting forth that the securities had not been registered and the applicable restrictions on transfer.

Item
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS

In
this Form 10-K and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that
are prefaced with the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 are intended
to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&rsquo;s
future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the
Company&rsquo;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give
no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the
Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set
forth in this Form 10-K.




We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike other distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom
Partners subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits
expertise
 during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar
John Rich
 of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;). We believe that RRW will achieve
commercial success on a broad scale
 and we have therefore focused our sales efforts outside Oregon on RRW. We believe RRW will
be our primary growth engine in 2018 and will also provide a &ldquo;coattail&rdquo; effect for our other brands
 helping them
to achieve national recognition and success.


Operating
as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek to turn our small
size from a disadvantage into an advantage. As RRW demonstrates
 our team can work with Sandstrom Partners to develop and launch
new brands exponentially faster than multi-billion dollar conglomerates that typically acquire innovators rather than innovate
themselves. We believe that Canadian whiskeys&rsquo; dominance of the light whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that
is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our
products
 for example
 our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low sugar and our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both
a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable spirits
 for example our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka
and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
and Marionberry Whiskey.

As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium
gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery
(&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 we also provide contract bottling and packaging
services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill spirits. During 2018
we intend to use our &ldquo;slim line&rdquo; canning equipment
 newly installed at MotherLode
 to profit from an emerging consumer
interest in canned wine. We believe our location close to vineyards in Oregon and Washington is a competitive advantage.

Recent
Developments


MotherLode
begins canning operations.
 the Company announced it had begun canning for two separate companies; on March
6
 2018 for Dear Mom Wine Co. and on March 27
 2018 for Backpack Wine. These projects represented the
first initial customers for Eastside&rsquo;s new canning services being offered under its wholly-owned subsidiary
 MotherLode.



Appointment
of Tom Wood as V.P. of Production.
 2018
 the Company announced that it appointed Tom Wood as Vice
President of Production. Wood has over 25 years of executive and management experience in high volume production
 manufacturing
and corporate team development for companies. He had been previously working as a consultant for Eastside
 focused on assisting
with MotherLode and the new canning operations.



Southern
Glazer&rsquo;s to distribute Redneck Riviera in California.
 2018
 the Company announced that Southern Glazer&rsquo;s
will distribute Eastside&rsquo;s Redneck Riviera Whiskey throughout the state of California.


Introduction
of Hue-Hue Coffee Rum. 
 2018 the Company announced the introduction of its Hue-Hue Coffee Rum.
The Hue-Hue (pronounced &ldquo;way way&rdquo;) name is derived from Huehuetenango
 a city in the highlands of western Guatemala
where our coffee is sourced. The Hue-Hue bottle design created by Portland&rsquo;s Sandstrom Partner&rsquo;s takes inspiration
from Guatemala&rsquo;s burlap coffee sacks that are uniformly labeled throughout the country to convey details of origin. Similarly
the Hue-Hue bottle conveys the Hue-Hue coffee&rsquo;s origin on the El Paternal Estate
 its Portland roasting history
 and the
cold brewing and infusion with select rum. It authentically represents a unique Guatemalan coffee that has been roasted and brewed
by hand in Portland
 then blended with select silver rum in small batches. Eastside&rsquo;s popular Below Deck Coffee Rum
 upon
which Hue-Hue is based
 has been replaced by Hue-Hue.


RNDC
Expands Distribution of Redneck Riviera Whiskey. 
 2018 the Company announced Republic National
Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;) would distribute Eastside&rsquo;s newly launched Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
in North Dakota
 Nebraska and Oklahoma.

Walmart
Authorizes Redneck Riviera Whiskey Product. 
 2018
 the Company announced that Walmart has
initially authorized Redneck Riviera Whiskey for Florida
 California and Louisiana for 2018.


RNDC
to Distribution Redneck Riviera Whiskey Product. 
 2018 the Company announced that Republic National
Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;) will distribute Eastside&rsquo;s newly launched Redneck Riviera Whiskey in the six initial
gulf coast states including Texas
 Louisiana
 Alabama
 Georgia
 Mississippi
 Florida as well as North Carolina.

Corporate
Information

Our
executive offices are located at 1001 SE Water Ave
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is
not part of this annual report.


    
    


Results
of Operations



Fiscal
year 2017 represented a year of significant progress for Eastside. Important achievements or milestones included:



    
    
New
    Burnside product launch
 the company introduced the first of several new products under its
    Burnside brand. We launched two additional products before year end and a fourth in early 2018. This re-branding/re-packaging
    of one of our major product lines was led by Sandstrom Partners
 our strategic branding and marketing partner. 

    
    
    

    
    
Acquisitions.
The Company completed two strategic acquisitions (MotherLode
                                         LLC
 and Big Bottom Distillery) and fully integrated their operations with Eastside during
                                         the year.


    
    
    

    
    
Production
During
                                         2017
 we consolidated our original production facility into MotherLode&rsquo;s
                                         production facility (which we acquired in March of 2017). We also made key investments
                                         to add additional equipment and increase our overall production capabilities. We generally
                                         completed that effort around the October timeframe and believe we are well positioned
                                         to handle the new product launches and anticipated growth.


    
    
    

    
    
New
. We further expanded our production capabilities by adding
    a fully automated canning line in order to produce ready-to-made drinks (RTDs) in a can and single-serving wine in a can.
    The equipment was installed during the 4

    
    
    

    
    
Public
    offering and Nasdaq up-listing
    an up-listing of our common stock to NASDAQ.

    
    
    

    
    
Major
    new product launch in partnership with country star
 John Rich
 the company announced that it had been
    granted an exclusive license for use of the Redneck Riviera brand for spirits-based products. The company subsequently launched
    (in early 2018) its newest product
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey utilizing this license agreement.



As
we look ahead to 2018
 the Company believes it has built a strong foundation and is well positioned to continue its aggressive
expansion efforts and drive further successes for shareholders.&nbsp;While we have become the third largest spirits company in
Oregon
 there remains substantial opportunities and we expect Oregon
 our largest market
 to continue to grow at a strong pace.&nbsp;In
addition
 as we continue to work closely with major distributors and focus on our new Redneck Riviera product
 we expect both
our national and international sales efforts to increase at a rapid pace and become a larger percentage of our overall business.
We also expect our new canning abilities at MotherLode to further add to our growth in 2018.


Year
Ended December 31
 2017 Compared to the Year Ended December 31
 2016

Our
sales for the year ended December 31
 2017 increased to $3
791
382
 or approximately 25%
 from $3
042
527 for the year ended December
31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    

    
1
947
431
    
1
858
472
    

Private
    Label
324
525
    
    
    

Retail
    / Special Events
1
519
426
    
1
184
055
    

    
3
791
382
    
3
042
527
    



The
increase in sales for 2017 is primarily attributable to our increased wholesale sales traction within the Pacific Northwest
 growth
in our Oregon-based retail operations due to added store locations during the year and our new private label business (as a result
of our 2017 acquisition of MotherLode).


Excise
taxes
 customer programs and incentives for the year ended December 31
 2017 increased to $1
180
386
 or approximately 26%
 from
$934
221 for the comparable 2016 period. The increase is attributable to the increase in liquor sales due to our increased distribution
and sales traction during the year. In addition
 customer programs and incentives increased due to our increased distribution.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 cost of sales increased to $1
634
069
 or approximately 28%
 from $1
280
344 for the year ended
December 31
 2016. The increase is primarily attributable to the costs associated with our increased liquor sales in the year.
The cost of sales we reported in both 2017 and 2016
 however
 are not typical of our expected future results because the product
costs in both years are based on smaller production lots
 and do not reflect the economies of scale that we anticipate as we continue
to scale our operations.

Gross
profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of products sold from net sales. Cost of sales consists of the costs of ingredients
utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges.
Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs. Gross margin is
gross profits stated as a percentage of net sales.


    
    



The
following table compares our gross profit (in thousands of dollars) and gross margin in the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016:



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Gross
    profit
    
    

Gross
    margin
    
    


Our
gross margin of 37% of net sales in the year ended December 31
 2017 declined from our gross margin of 39% for the year ended
December 31
 2016 primarily due to customer mix
 higher customer programs and incentives from regional product expansion
efforts
 and higher raw material costs experienced during the year.

Advertising
promotional and selling expenses for the year ended December 31
 2017 increased to $2
219
168 or approximately 78% from $1
244
152
for the year ended December 31
 2016. This increase is primarily due to our efforts to expand our product sales nationally.

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2017 decreased to $3
546
659
 or approximately 9%
 from $3
881
771
for the year ended December 31
 2016. This decrease is primarily due to reduced professional fees and management headcount
for the majority of 2017 and tighter expense controls. During the year
 we also had a $40
975 loss on disposal of property and
equipment
 primarily related to the write-off of construction-in-process on our MLK facility due to the early lease termination
agreement we were able to execute in February 2017
 and the write-off of leasehold improvements on our MotherLode facility as
it was being renovated to accommodate new and expanded production capabilities.




Other
expense
 net was $448
042 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $901
658 for the year ended December 31
 2016
a decrease of 50%. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in interest expense and amortization of debt discounts
of $750
010 pertaining to the 2016 debt financings. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company expensed an impairment
of $25
000 of the intangible assets and $193
374 of the goodwill initially recorded in the second quarter acquisition of Big Bottom
Distillery
 LLC.

Net
loss available to common shareholders during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $5
277
316 as compared to a loss of $5
251
293
for the year ended December 31
 2016. Our net loss was primarily attributable to our increased advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses relating to increased national sales distribution expenses
 increased legal and accounting
 and intangible and
goodwill impairment expense during 2017
 which amounts were offset by our increased gross profit during the year and lower
general and administrative and other expenses.



Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Year
Ended December 31
 2017 

The
Company&rsquo;s primary capital requirements are for the financing of inventories
 and cash used in operating activities. Funds
for such purposes have historically not been generated from operations but rather from short-term credit in the form of extended
payment terms from suppliers
 convertible debt and equity financings.



Historically
the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 million each year and
has an accumulated deficit of approximately $18.1 million as of December 31
 2017. The Company has been dependent on raising capital
from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
2017
 the Company raised approximately $9.2 million from cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flows used in operating
activities.

At
December 31
 2017
 the Company had approximately $2.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $6.1 million.
While the Company has successfully raised additional equity and debt funding since year end
 management is also heavily focused
on meeting the ongoing operating cash needs by generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through rapidly increased sales
improved profit margins and controlling expenses. Through April 2
 2018
 the Company has raised an additional&nbsp;$1.9 million
in cash through a debt offering and the exercise of previously issued warrants (see Note 15
 Subsequent Events).

The
Company&rsquo;s cash flow related information for the years 2017 and 2016 are as follows:




    
    
    

Net
    cash flows provided by (used in):
    
    

Operating
    activities
(7
011
741
(4
954
671

Investing
    activities
(652
936
(9
202

Financing
    activities
9
162
926
5
910
622





    
    


Operating
Activities

In
2017
 the net loss plus non-cash adjustments resulted in cash used of approximately $3.6 million compared to using
$4.1 million in 2016. Total operating cash used was $7.0 million compared to $4.9 million in 2016. The increase in cash
usage can be primarily attributed to a $3.0 million inventory build
 an increase of $0.6 million in prepaids and
a $0.6 million decrease in accrued liabilities partially offset by a $0.8 million increase in accounts payable.

In
2016
 the inventory build was $0.1 million
 a build-up of accounts receivable of $0.2 million and accrued liabilities of $0.3
million which was offset by a $0.8 million decrease in accounts payable.

Investing
Activities

Cash
used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of property and equipment. Capital expenditures of $657
477
and $9
202 were incurred in 2017 and 2016 respectively. The increase in cash usage can be attributed to a $0.6 million addition
to equipment for the new canning line.

Financing
Activities

During
2017
 operating losses and working capital needs were primarily funded by $6.7 million in proceeds from the sale of common stock
$2.5 million in proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes and warrant exercises of $0.2 million partially offset by payments
on conversion of notes payable of $0.1 million and principal payments on notes of $0.1 million.

Common
Stock and Warrant Unit Financings

In
August 2017
 the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common
stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &ldquo;Unit&rdquo;) at a public
offering price of $4.50 per Unit. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will
expire five years from the date of issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their
option to purchase an additional 180
000 Units to cover over-allotments
 that resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company
of $810
000
 before deducting offering expenses.

From
March 31
 2017 through June 2
 2017
 the Company concluded an equity financing of 400
019 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit
consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year common stock purchase warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject
to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of $1
560
000 in cash. The financing closed in several phases: (1) on March 31
 2017
 on which
date we issued 192
308 shares of our common stock for $750
000 in cash and warrants to purchase 192
308 shares of common stock
(2) on several dates between April 3
 2017 and May 4
 2017
 during which period we issued 85
601 shares of our common stock for
$333
815 in cash and warrants to purchase 85
601 shares of common stock
 and (3) on several dates between May 5
 2017 and June
4
 2017
 during which period we issued 122
110 shares of our common stock for $476
185 in cash and warrants to purchase 122
110
shares of common stock.

From
January 4
 2017 to January 22
 2017
 the Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90
per share for aggregate cash proceeds of $58
500.

Convertible
Notes

On
several dates between April 21
 2017 and June 30
 2017
 we issued an aggregate of $1
400
000 convertible promissory notes to accredited
investors. The notes have a maturity date of three years from the date of issuance
 and bear interest at the rate of five percent
(5%) and six percent (6%) per annum. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of
closings) of the next equity financing in which we sell shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least
$4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be
automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next
equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00.
The notes have a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion
rate of $6.00. In August 2017
 the Company issued 83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of an aggregate principal
amount of $500
000 of these notes. No gain or loss recorded on the transaction.

Promissory
Notes

On
December 29
 2017
 we issued an aggregate of $1
101
840 promissory notes to accredited investors. The notes have a maturity date
of 18 months from the date of issuance
 and bear interest at the rate of eight percent (8%). In the event the Company completes
a private or public offering of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0
million (a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
 all amounts due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business
days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in
connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities
offered in the Future Financing.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
discussion and analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial
statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these
financial statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and
analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future.
The more judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&rsquo;s estimates if past experience or other assumptions
do not turn out to be substantially accurate.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four
of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes
sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized
as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer
at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.

Sales
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50

Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975
and $136
786 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.

Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.
Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense was $2
219
168
and $1
244
152 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from Eastside&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost
of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016.


    
    




Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2017
 two distributors represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016
 three distributors
represented 91% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately 35% of consolidated sales for the
year ended December 31
 2017.



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. Eastside regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand
and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product
demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
Eastside is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $997
410 and $797
435 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees in accordance with the fair value recognition
provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718
. The compensation cost is
measured based on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based
awards
 which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes
valuation model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including
expected stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material.

Item
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and

 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2017
 and the related
statement of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2017
 and
the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). The financial statements of Eastside Distilling
Inc. as of December 31
 2016
 were audited by other auditors whose report dated March 31
 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion
on those statements. In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of December 31
 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year in the period ended
December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.





Basis
for Opinion


These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.



We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.



Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




/s/
    M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
    

    
    

We
    have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.
    

    
    

Houston
    TX
    

    
    

April
    2
 2018
    




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of December 31
 2016
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for
the year then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2016
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
BPM LLP

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2014.

San
Francisco
 California
March
31
 2017 &ndash; except for Note 11 &ldquo;Reverse stock splits&rdquo; for
which
the date is June 15
 2017


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
December
31
 2017 and 2016




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    

    
2
586
315
1
088
066

Trade
    receivables
315
321
344
955

    
4
051
282
780
037

Prepaid
    expenses and current assets
649
749
187
714

Total
    current assets
7
602
667
2
400
772

Property
    and equipment
 net
728
506
99
216

Intangible
    assets
 net
325
668
    

Goodwill
    net
28
182
    

Other
    assets
343
942
48
000

Total
    Assets
9
028
965
2
547
988

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable
1
267
189
457
034

Accrued
    liabilities
156
163
523
702

Deferred
    revenue
1
579
2
126

Current
    portion of notes payable
293
726
4
537

Total
    current liabilities
1
718
657
987
399

Notes
    payable - less current portion and debt discount
2
161
760
427
756

Total
    liabilities
3
880
417
1
415
155

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies (Note 11)
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    

Series
    A convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 300 shares issued and outstanding at December
    31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively (liquidation values of $0 and $750
000
 respectively)
    
245
838

Common
    stock
 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 4
889
745 and 2
542
504 shares issued and outstanding at December
    31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
    
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
23
223
435
13
699
785

Accumulated
    deficit
(18
090
961
(12
813
044

Total
    Eastside Distilling
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
5
132
963
1
132
833

Noncontrolling
    interests
15
585
    

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
5
148
548
1
132
833

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
9
028
965
2
547
988



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
Years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    

    
3
791
382
3
042
527

Less
    excise taxes
 customer programs and incentives
1
180
386
934
221

Net
    sales
2
610
996
2
108
306

Cost
    of sales
1
634
069
1
280
344

Gross
    profit
976
927
827
962

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

Advertising
    promotional and selling expenses
2
219
168
1
244
152

General
    and administrative expenses
3
546
659
3
881
771

Loss
    on disposal of property and equipment
40
975
    

Total
    operating expenses
5
806
802
5
125
923

Loss
    from operations
(4
829
875
(4
297
961

Other
    income (expense)
 net
    
    

Interest
    expense
(235
053
(862
468

Other
    income (expense)
(212
989
(39
190

Total
    other expense
 net
(448
042
(901
658

Loss
    before income taxes
(5
277
917
(5
199
619

Provision
    for income taxes
    
    

Net
    loss
(5
277
917
(5
199
619

    
    
    

Dividends
    on convertible preferred stock
    
(51
674

Income
    (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. common shareholders
(5
277
316
(5
251
293

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
3
717
956
1
247
281




The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholder&rsquo;s (Deficit) Equity
Years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
Convertible
    Series A
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
interest
    in
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Equity
    (Deficit)
consolidated
    entities
    

Balance
    December 31
 2016
    
245
838
2
542
504
    
13
699
785
(12
813
044
1
132
833
    
1
132
833

Issuance
    of common stock
    
    
15
001
    
58
498
    
58
500
    
58
500

Issuance
    of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
    
    
1
780
019
    
6
669
401
    
6
669
578
    
6
669
578

Issuance
    of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
    
    
40
834
    
159
246
    
159
250
    
159
250

Issuance
    of common stock for services by third parties
    
    
107
340
    
479
903
    
479
914
    
479
914

Issuance
    of common stock for services by employees
    
    
59
538
    
253
649
    
253
655
    
253
655

Stock
    option exercises
    
    
9
260
    
50
000
    
50
001
    
50
001

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
563
356
    
563
356

Issuance
    of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
    
    
86
667
    
371
411
    
371
420
    
371
420

Issuance
    of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
    
    
28
096
    
120
455
    
120
458
14
984
135
442

Shares
    issued for payoff of long-term notes
    
    
120
154
    
561
866
    
561
878
    
561
878

Cumulative
    dividend on Series A preferred
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
5
037

Common
    shares issued for preferred conversion
    
(250
875
100
001
    
235
865
    
(15
000
    
(15
000

Adjustment
    of shares for reverse stock-split
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    profit attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
(5
277
917
    
(5
277
917

Balance
    December 31
 2017
    
    
4
889
745
    
23
223
435
(18
090
961
5
132
963
15
585
5
148
548


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
Years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    

Cash
    Flows From Operating Activities:
    
    

Net
    loss
(5
277
917
(5
199
619

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash &nbsp;used in operating activities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
92
016
21
991

Loss
    on disposal of property and equipment
40
975
    

Amortization
    of debt issuance costs
92
156
116
750

Impairment
    of goodwill and intangible assets
218
374
    

Amortization
    of beneficial conversion feature
    
228
550

Issuance
    of common stock in exchange for services
642
309
265
065

Issuance
                                         of common stock for payoff of trade debt

    
19
212

Stock-based
    compensation
563
356
374
687

Cumulative
    dividend on preferred stock
    
39
200

    
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

Trade
    receivables
35
858
(202
749

    
(3
037
835
(96
213

Prepaid
    expenses and other assets
(612
977
(23
208

Accounts
    payable
804
976
(843
498

Accrued
    liabilities
(572
485
343
762

Deferred
    revenue
    
1
399

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(7
011
741
(4
954
671

Cash
    Flows From Investing Activities:
    
    

Cash
    acquired in acquisition
4
541
    

Purchases
    of property and equipment
(657
477
(9
202

Net
    cash used in investing activities
(652
936
(9
202

Cash
    Flows From Financing Activities:
    
    

Stock
    issuance cost related to acquisitions
(19
980
    

Stock
    issuance cost related to common shares issued for preferred conversion
(9
361
    

Proceeds
    from common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively
 with detachable warrants
6
728
079
2
451
238

Proceeds
    from preferred stock
 net of issuance costs of $69
528
 with detachable warrants
    
429
572

Proceeds
    from warrant exercise - related party
    
50
000

Proceeds
    from warrant exercise
159
250
684
216

Payments
    on conversion of note payable
(90
000
(141
904

Payments
    of principal on notes payable
(106
902
    

Proceeds
    from convertible notes payable
 net of issuance costs
2
501
840
185
000

Repayment
    of related party note payable
    
(12
500

Proceeds
    from notes payable
 warrants issued - related party
    
295
000

Proceeds
    from notes payable
 warrants issued
    
1
405
000

Proceeds
    from common stock
 with detachable warrants - related party
    
565
000

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
9
162
926
5
910
622

Net
    increase in cash
1
498
249
946
749

Cash
    - beginning of year
1
088
066
141
317

Cash
    - end of year
2
586
315
1
088
066

    
    
    

Supplemental
    Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
    
    

Cash
    paid during the year for interest
103
293
91
237

    
    
    

Supplemental
    Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activity
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock for the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC
377
000
    

Issuance
    of common stock for the acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
134
858
    

Common
    stock issued in exchange of notes payable
558
137
    

Stock
    issued for payment of trade debt
    
19
213

Dividends
    paid in common stock
    
17
759

Stock
    issued in lieu of accrued compensation
    
423
000

Stock
    issued to retire notes and accrued interest
    
246
330

Exchange
    of warrant exercise used to repay notes payable - related party
    
169
999

Exchange
    of warrant exercise used to repay notes payable
    
401
148





The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
Description
    of Business




We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike other distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners
subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;).

As
a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace populated with massive conglomerates
 we seek to turn our small
size from a disadvantage into an advantage. As RRW demonstrates
 our team can work with Sandstrom Partners to develop and launch
new brands exponentially faster than multi-billion dollar conglomerates that typically acquire innovators rather than innovate
themselves. We believe that Canadian whiskeys&rsquo; dominance of the light whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that
is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our
products
 for example
 our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low sugar and our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both
a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable spirits
 for example our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka
and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
and Marionberry Whiskey.

As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its excellent
 award winning
super- premium gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt
Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In addition
 through
MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 we also provide contract
bottling and packaging services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill
spirits. During 2018
 we intend to use our &ldquo;slim line&rdquo; canning equipment
 newly installed at MotherLode
 to profit
from an emerging consumer interest in canned wine. We believe our location close to vineyards in Oregon and Washington is a competitive
advantage.

We
currently sell our products in 26 states (Oregon
 Washington
 California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Georgia
 Rhode Island
 Idaho
 Maryland
 West Virginia
 Wyoming
 North Carolina
Louisiana
 Tennessee
 Mississippi
 South Dakota
 Kansas and Alaska) as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue
from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject
to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB).




    
Liquidity
    



Historically
the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 million each year and
has an accumulated deficit of approximately $18.1 million as of December 31
 2017. The Company has been dependent on raising
capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December
31
 2017
 the Company raised approximately $9.2 million in cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flow used in operating
activities.

At
December 31
 2017
 the Company has approximately $2.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $5.7 million.
The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to improve profitability
reduce certain expenses and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2018
 the Company raised an additional $1.9 million
in cash through a debt offering and the exercise of previously issued warrants (see Note 15
 Subsequent Events).&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
believes that cash on hand
 including the most recent capital raised from a debt offering and warrant exercises will be sufficient
to meet their operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve months.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





    
Summary
    of Significant Accounting Policies



Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and majority-owned
subsidiary BBD (beginning as of May 1
 2017). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&rsquo;s chief
operating decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&rsquo;s operating results
on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four
of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes
sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized
as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer
at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue
Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975
and $136
786 in years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.
Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $2
219
168
and $1
244
152 in years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.

Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2017 and 2016.



Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016
 three distributors
represented 91% of trade receivables.

Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities at fair
value under the &ldquo;fair value option&rdquo; provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP&rsquo;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management&rsquo;s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2017 and 2016. However
 GAAP requires
the disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments
consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The
estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to
the short period of time to their maturities. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s note payable and convertible
notes payable are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.

Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

Certain
assets and liabilities acquired in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory
quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated
forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related
inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.

Intangible
Assets / Goodwill

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.
At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom
Distillery
 LLC.

Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &ldquo;asset
and liability method&rdquo; for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable
to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or
rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company established
valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income
tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion
of the benefits associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected
as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with
unrecognized income tax benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income
tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to
examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company&rsquo;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior
to 2011.

Comprehensive
Income

The
Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $997
410 and $797
435 in years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

During
2017
 we terminated our previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer
account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the
remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement
with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded
factored amounts as a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount.
We did not factor any new invoices during 2017. At December 31
 2017
 we had no factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred
fees associated with the factoring program of $63
238 during fiscal year 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored
invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding
of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601 during 2016.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;)
No. 2016-09

 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for
income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to
recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A
    lease liability
 which is a lessee&rsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted
    basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A
    right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified
    asset for the lease term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees
(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified
retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases
that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition
approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial
statements.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede
virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09
is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most
current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company
will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017.
The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of ASU 2014-09
to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
. The new guidance explicitly
requires that management assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
We have adopted as of December 31
 2016.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
is part of the FASB&rsquo;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory
within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11
will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January 1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU
2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application
is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31
 2015.



Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2017 presentation with no changes to net loss or total
stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit) previously reported.





    
Business
    Acquisitions





During
the fiscal year 2017
 the Company completed the following acquisitions:

MotherLode
Craft Distillery
 LLC

On
March 8
 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 a small Portland
Oregon-based provider of bottling services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2017 include MotherLode&rsquo;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017
through December 31
 2017. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting
adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. MotherLode had approximately
$375
000 in revenues (unaudited) in 2016.



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

The
following allocation of the purchase price is as follows:



Consideration
    given:
    

86
667
    shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
377
000

Assets
    and liabilities acquired:
    

    
7
062

    
103
488

Property
    and equipment
46
250

Intangible
    assets - customer list and license
376
431

    
28
182

Accounts
    payable
(5
180

Customer
    deposits
(179
233

    
377
000


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned
to the customer list intangible asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty
and the multi-period excess earning methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset
value included management&rsquo;s estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on
the weighted average cost of capital for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates
 as
well as applicable royalty rates for comparable assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the
remaining useful economic lives of the tangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows.
The customer relationships estimated useful life is seven years. The fair values assigned to the license intangible asset were
determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.


Big
Bottom Distillery
 LLC

On
May 1
 2017
 the Company acquired 90% of the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based
distiller of super-premium spirits. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include
BBD&rsquo;s results of operations from the acquisition date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&rsquo;s condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &ldquo;Business
Combinations&rdquo;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their
estimated fair values on the acquisition date. BBD had approximately $201
000 in revenues (unaudited) in 2016.

The
following allocation of the purchase price is as follows:



Consideration
    given:
    
    
    
    

28
096
    shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
    
    
134
858
    

Non-controlling
    interests
    
    
14
984
    

Total
    value of acquisition
    
    
149
842
    

    
    
    
    
    

Assets
    and liabilities acquired:
    
    
    
    

Cash
    (overdraft)
    
    
(2
521
    

Accounts
    receivable
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
129
922
    

Property
    and equipment
    
    
22
717
    

Intangible
    assets - license
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
193
374
    

Accrued
    liabilities
    
    
(52
841
    

Notes
    payable
    
    
(172
033
    

    
    
    
149
842
    


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned
to the license intangible asset was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will
not be amortized. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218
374 for the intangible
asset &ndash; license and the goodwill originally recorded as part of the purchase price allocation for BBD.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    

    




Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

Raw
    materials
3
755
477
439
739

Finished
    goods
295
805
340
298

Total
    inventories
4
051
282
780
037




    
Property
    and Equipment


Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:




    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
326
088
70
140

Leasehold
    improvements
56
410
8
607

    
49
483
38
831

Construction
    in progress
372
667
34
603

Total
    cost
804
648
152
181

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
(76
142
(52
965

Total
    property and equipment
 net
728
506
99
216



Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled $41
253 and $21
991 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
Intangible
    Assets and Goodwill



There
were no intangible assets or goodwill at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2017
 intangible assets and goodwill consist of the
following:




    
December
    31
 2017
    

Permits
    and licenses
25
000
    

Customer
    lists
351
432
7
                                         years

    
28
182
    

Total
    intangible assets and goodwill
404
614
    

Less
    accumulated amortization
(50
764
    

Intangible
    assets and goodwill - net
353
850
    


Amortization
expense totaled $50
764 and nil for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



    
Other
    Assets


Other
assets consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

Product
    branding
285
000
    

    
53
942
48
000

Other
    assets
343
942
48
000


As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company had $285
000 of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its Burnside
product line. This amount will be amortized over a seven year life. Additionally
 there was $40
000 in deposits for the branding
services related to the future release of other product lines. The remaining deposits of $13
942 represent office and retail space
lease deposits.

As
of December 31
 2016
 $48
000 represents office space lease deposits.




    
Notes
    Payable


Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:




    
December
    31
 2017
December
    31
 2016

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
16
642

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019
    and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.
407
500
547
500

Note
    payable bearing interest at 2.74%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $100 through December
    2019.
2
306

    

Note
    payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March
    2019.
56
341

    

Convertible
    notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between
    April 3
 2020 &ndash; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series
    of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration
    of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the
    notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors
    in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price
    be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any
    time at the conversion price of $6.00.
927
192
    

Promissory
    notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&rsquo; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
1
101
840
    

Total
    notes payable
2
495
179
564
142

Less
    current portion
(293
726
(4
537

Less
    debt discount for detachable warrant
(39
693
(131
849

Long-term
    portion of notes payable
2
161
760

427
756


Maturities
on notes payable as of December 31
 2017
 are as follows:

Year
ending December 31:




    
293
726


    
1
254
146


    
947
307


    
    

    
    

    
2
495
179




    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



    
Income
    Taxes


The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
(1
794
492
(1
774
361

State
    income taxes after credits
(348
343
(344
435

Change
    in valuation allowance
2
142
835

2
118
795

    
    
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
5
489
143

3
557
909

Stock-based
    compensation
563
356

213
181

Total
    deferred tax assets
6
052
499

3
771
090

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
(92
016
(70
816

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
(92
016
(70
816

Valuation
    allowance
(5
960
483
(3
700
274

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    


At
December 31
 2017
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $14 million
 to offset
against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal
Revenue code of 1986 and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate
change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &ldquo;Section 382 ownership change&rdquo;)
utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code (and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&rsquo;s stock
at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations
may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of
the realizability of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.





    
Commitments
    and Contingencies




Operating
Leases

The
Company leases its corporate office
 warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at
various dates through March 2021. Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $6
400 over the terms of the leases. For operating
leases which contain fixed escalations in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. The difference between the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents
deferred rent which is included within accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under
lease are subject to monthly percentage rent adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

At
December 31
 2017
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:

For
year ending December 31st:




    
277
289

    
137
551

    
3
313

    
3
313

    
3
313

    
424
779




Total
rent expense was approximately $362
000 and $416
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Legal
Matters

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings
 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims
from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time
consuming and expensive to resolve
 and divert management resources.




    

Net
    Loss per Common Share



Basic
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period
 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum
of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options
and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive.
There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2017 and 2016. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and
diluted net loss per common share in 2017 and 2016 are as follows:




    
December
    31


    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common shareholders (numerator)
(5
277
316
(5
251
293

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
3
717
956
1
247
281

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


13.
Stockholder&rsquo;s Equity



    
Convertible
    Series A
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
interest
    in
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Equity
    (Deficit)
consolidated
    entities
    

Balance
    December 31
 2016
    
245
838
2
542
504
    
13
699
785
(12
813
044
1
132
833
    
1
132
833

Issuance
    of common stock
    
    
15
001
    
58
498
    
58
500
    
58
500

Issuance
    of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
    
    
1
780
019
    
6
669
401
    
6
669
578
    
6
669
578

Issuance
    of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
    
    
40
834
    
159
246
    
159
250
    
159
250

Issuance
    of common stock for services by third parties
    
    
107
340
    
479
903
    
479
914
    
479
914

Issuance
    of common stock for services by employees
    
    
59
538
    
253
649
    
253
655
    
253
655

Stock
    option exercises
    
    
9
260
    
50
000
    
50
001
    
50
001

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
563
356
    
563
356

Issuance
    of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
    
    
86
667
    
371
411
    
371
420
    
371
420

Issuance
    of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
    
    
28
096
    
120
455
    
120
458
14
984
135
442

Shares
    issued for payoff of long-term notes
    
    
120
154
    
561
866
    
561
878
    
561
878

Cumulative
    dividend on Series A preferred
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
5
037

Common
    shares issued for preferred conversion
    
(250
875
100
001
    
235
865
    
(15
000
    
(15
000

Adjustment
    of shares for reverse stock-split
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    profit attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
(5
277
917
    
(5
277
917

Balance
    December 31
 2017
    
    
4
889
745
    
23
223
435
(18
090
961
5
132
963
15
585
5
148
548



Reverse
Stock Splits

All
shares related and per share information in these financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 20-for-1 reverse
stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock effected on October 18
 2016
 and the 3-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock effected on June 15
 2017.

Issuance
of Common Stock

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 18
371 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.33
per share.

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 32
000 shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to
a claw-back provision tied to specific performance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on
the date of grant
 $4.54 per share.

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 14
384 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $52
500. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.



    
    




Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

In
September 2017
 the Company issued 14
760 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.38
per share.

In
August 2017
 the Company issued 83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $500
000. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.

In
August 2017
 the Company issued 5
209 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The
shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.40 - $3.50 per
share.

In
August 2017
 the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common
stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &ldquo;Unit&rdquo;) at a public
offering price of $4.50 per Unit. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will
expire five years from the date of issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their
option to purchase an additional 180
000 Units to cover over-allotments
 that resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company
of $810
000
 before deducting offering expenses.

In
June 2017
 the Company issued 2
716 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which
were fully vested upon issuance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
with the range of $4.38 - $6.00 per share.

In
May 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of a majority stake in BBD. We issued 28
096 shares of common stock to the owners
of BBD as consideration for 90% of the BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80 on May 1
2017
 the value of the transaction was $134
858. Issuance costs incurred were $14
400.

In
April 2017
 the independent directors
 Messrs. Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 respectively
 each exercised 4
630 stock options
to purchase common stock at $5.40 per share.

In
April 2017
 the Company issued 50
335 shares of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $4.35 - $4.50
per share.

In
April 2017
 the Company approved a restricted stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive
Officer
 Grover Wickersham. The grant vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10
218 shares were withheld in order to satisfy
Mr. Wickersham&rsquo;s personal tax withholding responsibility. The shares were valued using the $4.80 closing share price of
our common stock on the date of grant.

In
April 2017
 the Company issued 16
667 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 50 shares of preferred stock.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 250 shares of preferred stock.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 22
436 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate
principal amount converted of $87
500. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.

On
March 8
 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode. We issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode
as consideration for the acquisition. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
 2017
 the value
of the transaction was $377
000. Issuance costs incurred were $5
580.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 575 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2
517. The shares were
valued using the $4.38 closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 19
796 shares of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.90 - $4.35
per share.

From
March 31
 2017 to June 2
 2017
 the Company issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
including 400
019 warrants for common stock.


From
January 15
 2017 through February 16
 2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares
for aggregate cash proceeds of $159
250.



    
    




Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

From
January 4
 2017 to January 22
 2017
 the Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90
per share for aggregate cash proceeds of $58
500.

In
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of
$153
996. Additionally
 the Company had $220
691 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees
and vested during the year ended December 31
 2016.

In
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange
for services rendered and trade debt totaling $284
277.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800
000 warrants for common stock.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 564
781 shares of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734
216.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 886
538 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $1
152
499.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 531
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 672 shares of preferred stock.

In
July 2016
 the Company issued 12
802 shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due
at June 30
 2016 for its outstanding Series A Preferred.

From
June 4
 2016 to June 22
 2016
 the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants
for common stock
 net of issuance costs of $23
762.

From
April 20
 2016 to June 3
 2016
 the Company issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory
note. The aggregate principal amount of this note that was converted was $196
503.

Issuance
of Convertible Preferred Stock

From
April 4
 2016 to June 17
 2016
 the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;)
for an aggregate purchase price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased
by certain of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration
of cancellation of $50
000 of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69
528.

Each
share of Series A Convertible Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred
accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&rsquo;s option
either in cash or &ldquo;in kind&rdquo; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following
the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available
therefore. For &lsquo;in-kind&rdquo; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount
of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty
(20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series
A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii)
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii)
2.5.

For
all matters submitted to a vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have
an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number)
into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination
are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &ldquo;Total Series A Votes&rdquo;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled
to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the
Series A Preferred.

As
of December 31
 2017
 the Company has zero shares of preferred stock outstanding.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

Stock-Based
Compensation

On
September 8
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares
available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan is 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment.
On January 1
 2017
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of the number
of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding
calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i)
increase the number of shares of the common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Aggregate Limit&rdquo;) by
an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares
of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights
under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the &ldquo;Individual Option Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii)
increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &ldquo;Individual
Award Limit&rdquo;) under the 2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number
of shares of common stock that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance
compensation awards under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Individual Performance Award Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
which amendments were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. The exercise price per share of each
stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant.
At December 31
 2017
 there were 354
422 options and 125
146 restricted stock units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) issued under the 2016
Plan
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.

On
January 29
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for
the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2015 Plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise
price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock on the date of grant. At December 31
 2017
 there were 14
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest
at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.

The
Company also issues
 from time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2017
 there
were no options outstanding that were not issued under the Plans.

A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 is presented below:



    
#
    of Options
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
36
667
    

Options
    granted
142
500
    

Options
    exercised
    
    

Options
    canceled
(5
417
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
173
750
    

Options
    granted
243
667
    

Options
    exercised
(9
260
    

Options
    canceled
(39
151

    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
369
006

    

    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2017
151
282
    


The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31
 2017 was $28
962.

At
December 31
 2017
 there were 234
375 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $698
943. The unvested options
will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five
(5) years from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2017 was $23
910. During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 100
041 options vested.



The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value
of stock options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards
issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the
underlying stock-based awards vest.




    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

To
determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the
effect of the following:



    
    
Exercise
    price of the option

    
    
Fair
    value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant

    
    
Expected
    term of the option

    
    
Expected
    volatility over the expected term of the option

    
    
Risk-free
    interest rate for the expected term of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management&rsquo;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated
using the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual
term and the vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common
shares of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest
rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.
The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2017:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    

Dividend
    yield
    

Expected
    volatility
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $2.94. The
aggregate grant date fair value of the 243
667 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $566
983.

For
the twelve months ended December 31
 2017
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $445
032. At December 31
 2017
the total compensation cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $796
993
 which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of approximately 3.04 years.



During
the twelve months ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
019 common stock warrants in connection with
the purchase of 400
019 shares of common stock
 1
380
000 common stock warrants in connection with the August 2017 public offering
and 112
000 common stock warrants to six consultants. The Company has determined the warrants should be classified as equity on
the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2017. The estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was $2
009
443
based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    

Fair
    value of common stock
    


A
total of 40
834 warrants were exercised during the twelve months ended December 31
 2017 for cash proceeds of $159
250.



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

A
summary of activity in warrants is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
846
765
2.77
                                         years
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Twelve
    months ended December 31
 2017:
    
    
    
    

    
1
892
019
4.24
                                         years
    
54
880

    
(40
834
2.00
                                         years
    
    

Forfeited
    and cancelled
(74
873
2.00
                                         years
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
2
623
077
3.62
                                         years
    
54
880





    

Related
    Party Transactions



The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2016 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000
or one percent (1%) of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related
person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation
 termination and other arrangements.

On
April 4
 2016
 Steven Earles
 our former chief executive officer
 purchased 185 units in an offering of units consisting of shares
of our series A convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase common stock (our &ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant
Unit Offering&rdquo;) in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Each unit consisted of one share of series A
convertible preferred stock and one warrant to purchase 223 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. Steven
Shum
 our chief financial officer
 purchased 97 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration
of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel
 our former chief marketing officer
 director and secretary
 purchased
58 Units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie
Earles
 our chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles
 purchased 83 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit
Offering in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. These issuances were unanimously approved by our Board
 including
all disinterested directors. Effective November 4
 2016
 we entered into an agreement with Mr. Earles
 the Company&rsquo;s former
chief executive officer
 pursuant to which Mr. Earles agreed to convert 185 shares of the Company&rsquo;s series A convertible
preferred stock into 41
111 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and to cancel his warrant to purchase 41
107 shares of
the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

On
June 9
 2016
 pursuant to a subscription agreement executed by the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;)
for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee
 the PSP purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 83
334 units
 each unit consisting
of one share of common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (collectively with the common stock
 the &ldquo;Common Stock
Units&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250
000.

On
June 22
 2016
 pursuant to a subscription agreement executed by Grover T. Wickersham
 Mr. Wickersham directly purchased in a private
placement an aggregate of 38
334 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit for a total purchase price
of $115
000. On December 30
 Mr. Wickersham assigned 24
680 of his warrants to a related and un-related party. He also voluntarily
canceled 8
334 additional warrants.

On
June 22
 2016
 pursuant to a subscription agreement executed by an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated
minor for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee (&ldquo;Education Trust&rdquo;)
 the Education Trust purchased in a private placement
16
667 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $50
000.

On
June 22
 2016
 pursuant to a subscription agreement executed by the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust for which Mr.
Wickersham serves as trustee (the &ldquo;Irrevocable Trust&rdquo;)
 the Irrevocable Trust purchased in a private placement 66
667
Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $200
000.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

On
June 22
 2016
 pursuant to a subscription agreement
 Michael Fleming
 a current director
 directly purchased in a private placement
an aggregate of 8
334 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 each Common Stock Unit consisting
of one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share
 for
a total purchase price of $25
000.

On
June 30
 2016
 the PSP purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;)
for aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock at a price of $6.00 per share.
On July 7
 2016
 the PSP purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a warrant
to acquire 20
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On December 30
 2016
 the PSP exercised 43
590
warrants at a price of $3.90 per share in exchange for eliminating the outstanding note principal.

On
June 30
 2016
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &ldquo;Wickersham Trust&rdquo;) purchased
an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On November 21
 2016
 the Wickersham Trust purchased an additional Promissory Note for
aggregate consideration of $75
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 12
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00
per share. On December 31
 2016
 the Wickersham Trust exercised its 20
834 warrants along with an additional 11
218 warrants assigned
from Mr. Wickersham all at a price of $3.90 in exchange for eliminating the outstanding note principal.

During
the nine months ended September 30
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on
his personal credit card. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At September 30
 2016
the balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $8
000. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive
officer in the amount of $12
500 at September 30
 2016
 that was repaid during fiscal year 2016.

On
September 19
 2016
 an entity for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory
notes and received 3-year warrants to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share.

On
June 2
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased 15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock
and one three-year common stock purchase warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of
$59
237 in cash.

On
August 10
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one
share of common stock and one Public Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash.

On
August 23
 2017
 our Board appointed Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.
Mr. Peterson is also the President of Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating
sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom and tasked them with reviewing the Company&rsquo;s current product portfolio
 as well as
its new ideas
 and advising it with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally.
The Company is using Sandstrom&rsquo;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price
of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a black-scholes value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered
by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company. We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000 (at the time
of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;) purchased from us a promissory
note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest
is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity
or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future
Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the
option of Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &ldquo;Wickersham Trust&rdquo;) purchased
from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration
of $179
300. Interest is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public
offering of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future
Financing&rdquo;)
 all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing
of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
at the option of Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.





We
believe that the foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into
only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct
an appropriate review of all related party transactions and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee
has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person
and any other potential conflict of interest situation on an ongoing basis
 in accordance with Company policies and procedures
in effect from time to time.



    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016





    
15.


Subsequent
    Events



On
March 15
 2018
 the Company completed a private offering of promissory notes and accompanying warrants in which it raised
$1
250
000 in gross proceeds. The promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the
month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. For every $100
000
in principal
 the Company issued to the investor 10
000 common stock purchase warrants
 for a total of 125
000 warrants.
The warrants
 which are identical to the warrants that were issued in the Company&rsquo;s public offering that was consummated
in August 2017
 are exercisable through August 10
 2022
 unless earlier redeemed
 at an exercise price of $5.40
 subject to adjustment
for stock splits
 reverse splits and other similar recapitalization events. The Company will have the option to redeem all or
a part of the outstanding warrants at any time after the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock exceeds $7.65 for five
consecutive trading days. In electing to redeem the warrants
 the Company will provide 30 days&rsquo; notice of the redemption
date
 during which time the holders of outstanding warrants will have the opportunity to exercise their warrants at the exercise
price then in effect. Any warrants remaining outstanding at the close of business on the 30th day of the notice period will be
redeemed at a price of $0.15 per warrant
 after which
 the warrants will be cancelled.


Between
March 8
 2018 and March 25
 2018
 the Company received an aggregate of $680
400 upon exercise of a total of 126
000 common stock
purchase warrants that were sold in the Company&rsquo;s August 2017 public offering. As of April 2
 2018
 there remains
outstanding 1
254
000 warrants sold in the public offering
 in addition to the 125
000 identical warrants sold in the private
placement noted above.


During
the first quarter of 2018
 we issued a total of 29
025 shares
 which included 16
500 shares to multiple employees as additional
compensation
 10
025 shares to our partner
 Sandstrom Partners
 as part of their branding work on our products
 and 2
500 shares
to two different service providers for services rendered.



    
Selected
    Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (unaudited)


The
following table sets forth the selected unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the four quarters
of the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the
annual information presented elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&rsquo;s opinion
 includes all adjustments (consisting only of
normal recurring entries) necessary for a fair statement of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results
for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company&rsquo;s and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.




    
Three
    months ended

    
March
    31

June
    30

September
    30

December
    31


    
    
    
    
    

Net
    sales
612
481
605
030
618
337
775
148

Gross
    profit
289
568
210
405
234
072
242
882

Net
    loss
(901
818
(1
289
126
(1
411
160
(1
675
813

Net
    loss available per share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    









    
Three
    months ended

    
March
    31

June
    30

September
    30

December
    31


    
    
    
    
    

Net
    sales
463
747
504
311
607
847
532
674

Gross
    profit
207
305
236
095
236
993
147
569

Net
    loss
(1
014
679
(1
309
500
(1
436
449
(1
438
991

Net
    loss available per share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    








    
    



Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The
Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s
reports filed with or submitted to the SEC.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as
a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the Company&rsquo;s assets;




    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and the Board of Directors; and




    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


The
Company&rsquo;s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2017


the Company believes that
 as of December 31
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is effective
based on those criteria.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm
to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No
changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31
 2017 that
have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

CEO
and CFO Certifications

Appearing
immediately following the Signatures section of this report there are Certifications of our CEO and CFO. The Certifications are
required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item of this
report is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should
be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The
following is a brief description of the principal occupation and recent business experience of each of our executive officers
and directors and their ages as of March 31
 2018:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the Board
 Director

Trent
    D. Davis (1)(2)(3)
    
    
    
    

Michael
    M. Fleming (1)(2)(3)
    
    
    
    

Shelly
    A. Saunders (1)
    
    
    
    

Jack
    Peterson
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
Executive
    Vice President Operations and Master Distiller

Allen
    Barteld
    
    
    
President
                                         and Chief Executive Officer of MotherLode







(1)
Member of the audit committee.
(2)
Member of the compensation committee.
(3)
Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

Our
board of directors currently consists of five members. All directors hold office until their successors have been elected and
qualified or until their earlier death
 resignation
 disqualification
 or removal. Board vacancies and newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office
even if less than a quorum
 or by a sole remaining director. Our board may establish the authorized number of directors from time
to time by resolution.

Our
executive officers are each appointed by the board and serve at the board&rsquo;s discretion.

There
are no family relationships among our officers or directors.

Executive
Officers

Grover
Wickersham 
 and as our chief executive officer
in November 2016. Mr. Wickersham currently serves on the boards of directors of S&amp;W Seed Company
 a NASDAQ-traded agricultural
company; Verseon Corporation
 a London AIM-listed pharmaceutical development company; Arbor Vita Corporation
 a private company
that has developed a test for cervical cancer; and SenesTech
 Inc.
 a private company that has developed proprietary technology
for managing animal pest populations through fertility control. Mr. Wickersham has been a director and portfolio advisor of Glenbrook
Capital Management
 the general partner of a partnership that invests primarily in the securities of public companies
 from 1996
to the present. For more than five years
 Mr. Wickersham has served as the Chairman of the board of trustees of Purisima
Fund
 a mutual fund advised by Fisher Investments of Woodside
 California
 which fund has assets under management of approximately
$375 million. Between 1976 and 1981
 Mr. Wickersham served as a staff attorney
 and then as a branch chief
 of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). He holds a B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley
 an M.B.A. from
Harvard Business School and a J.D. from University of California
 Hastings College of Law. We believe that Mr. Wickersham is qualified
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors because of his experience and knowledge of corporate finance and legal matters
his experience and knowledge of operational matters gained as a past and present director of other public and private companies
and his knowledge of our company.


Steven
Shum
 Mr. Shum served as an officer and
director of XZERES Corp from October 2008 until April 2015
 a publicly-traded global renewable energy company
 in various officer
roles
 including chief operating officer from September 2014 until April 2015
 chief financial officer
 principal accounting officer
and secretary from April 2010 until September 2014 (under former name
 Cascade Wind Corp) and chief executive officer and president
from October 2008 to August 2010. Mr. Shum also serves as the managing principal of Core Fund Management
 LP and the Fund Manager
of Core Fund
 LP. He was a founder of Revere Data LLC (now part of Factset Research Systems
 Inc.) and served as its executive
vice president for four years
 heading up the product development efforts and contributing to operations
 business development
and sales. He spent six years as an investment research analyst and portfolio manager of D.N.B. Capital Management
 Inc. His previous
employers include Red Chip Review and Laughlin Group of Companies. He earned a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in General Management
from Portland State University in 1992.

Melissa
has served as our master distiller since June 2012. In November 2016
she was appointed our Executive Vice President Operations. We believe Ms. Heim was one of the first female master
distillers and blenders west of the Mississippi River. Prior to joining our company
 she apprenticed at and then
served as head distiller at Rogue Distillery and Public House in Portland&rsquo;s Pearl District
 holding the latter position
from 2008 to 2010. Also
 Ms. Heim co-founded and served as president of the Clear Boots Society
 an organization that supports
women&rsquo;s leadership in the spirits industry. Ms. Heim studied Liberal Arts with emphasis on English at the University of
Oregon.


    
    


Allen
Barteld 
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
since June 2014. Prior to forming MotherLode in 2013
 Mr. Barteld served as CEO of LawWerx
 a software company
 from 2009 to 2012.
Mr. Barteld earned a Juris Doctor and Masters of Business Administration from Willamette University in 1997.


Significant
Employee


Jarrett

 48
has served as our Senior Vice President Sales since July 2017. Mr. Catalani brings 27 years of experience in the alcoholic beverage
industry. Prior to joining us
 from May 2016 to September 2016
 Mr. Catalani served as Senior Vice President Sales for Fishbowl
Spirits
 a premium spirits company
 owned by singer songwriter Kenny Chesney. From October 2010 to April 2016
 Mr. Catalani worked
at ROUST (Russian Standard Vodka)
 in various officer roles
 including Western Divisional Vice President from October 2010 until
November 2012
 and Senior Vice President of Sales from November 2012 until April 2016. From 2003 to 2010
 Mr. Catalani worked
in various roles at DIAGEO
 his last position being Reserve Brand Director
 California. Mr. Catalani&rsquo;s other employers include
Pilsner Urquell USA
 Pete&rsquo;s Brewing Company
 Jim Taylor Corporation and Wilhelmi Beverage. Mr. Catalani holds a B.S. in
Business Management from Southern Illinois University &ndash; Carbondale. Mr. Catalani has made significant contributions to
our business and we expect he will continue to do so in the future.

Non-Employee
Directors

Trent
Davis 
Network
 Inc.
 which specializes in providing executive advisory services to small entrepreneurial companies
 as well as restructuring
recapitalizing
 and making strategic investments in small to midsize companies. Mr. Davis is also currently Lead Director
 Chairman
of the Nominating and Governance and Special Investments Committees and is a Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees of
Dataram Corporation (Nasdaq: DRAM)
 which develops
 manufactures
 and markets memory products primarily used in enterprise servers
and workstations worldwide. Previously
 from December 2014 to July 2015
 Mr. Davis was Chairman of the Board for Majesco Entertainment
Company (Nasdaq: COOL)
 which is an innovative developer
 marketer
 publisher
 and distributor of interactive entertainment for
consumers around the world. From November 2013 until July 2014
 Mr. Davis served as the President and a Director of Paulson Capital
Corp. (Nasdaq: PLCC) until he successfully completed the reverse merger of Paulson with VBI Vaccines
 (Nasdaq: VBIV). He went
on to serve as a Member of its Board of Directors and Audit Committee until May 2016. Mr. Davis was also the Chief Executive Officer
of Paulson Investment Company. Inc.
 a subsidiary of Paulson Capital Corp
 from July 2005 until October 2014
 where he supervised
all operations and over 200 investment representatives overseeing $1.5 billion in client assets. Prior to that
 commencing in
1996
 Mr. Davis served as Senior Vice President of Syndicate and National Sales of Paulson Investment Company
 Inc. He has extensive
experience in capital markets and brokerage operations
 and is credited with overseeing the syndication of approximately
$600 million for over 50 client companies in both public and private transactions. In 2003
 Mr. Davis served as a Chairman of
the Board of the National Investment Banking Association. Mr. Davis holds a B.S. in Business and Economics from Linfield College
and an M.B.A. from the University of Portland and held the following FINRA Licenses: Series 7
 24
 63
 66
 and 79. Mr. Davis is
qualified to serve on the Board because of his deep knowledge of finance and public company issues
 capital market
 advisory and
entrepreneurial experiences
 and extensive expertise in operational and executive management.


Michael
(Mick) Fleming
Ryan
 Swanson &amp; Cleveland
 PLLC specializing in real estate
 dispute resolution
 securities and environmental matters. Mr.
Fleming previously was an attorney with the law firm of Lane Powell PC from 2000 to 2013. Mr. Fleming is the Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Jones Soda Co.
 a publicly traded premium beverage company. Mr. Fleming also serves on the Board of Directors
of S&amp;W Seed Co.
 a publicly traded agricultural products company
 where he serves as
 Lead Independent Director
 Chairman
of the Audit Committee
 and as a member of the Compensation committee. Mr. Fleming has served on the Board of Directors of Big
Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound since 2002 and was Chairman of the Board of Directors for 2008/2009. He has also been
the President and owner of Kidcentre
 Inc.
 a company in the business of providing child-care services in downtown Seattle
Washington
 since 1988. Since 1985
 he has also been the President and owner of Fleming Investment Co.
 an investment company.
Mr. Fleming holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of Washington and a law degree from the University of California
Hastings College of the Law. We believe Mr. Fleming is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience
serving on public company boards
 as president and owner of two businesses as well as his legal expertise in matters of business
and securities law.


Shelly
A. Saunders
 Ms. Saunders is a consultant for Resources
Global Professionals
 a consulting firm serving global corporations. From June 2013 to January 2015
 Ms. Saunders served as Vice
President Finance and Country CFO for Campari Canada
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Davide Campari-Milano. From July 2009 to May
2013
 Ms. Saunders served as Vice President Finance for Campari America/SKYY Spirits
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Davide Campari-Milano.
Prior to joining Campari America
 Ms. Saunders was a consultant for Resources Global Professionals
 a Director Finance for Mervyns
and a Vice President Finance and Treasurer for Organic
 Inc.
 among other positions. Ms. Saunders received a B.A. in Economics
from Stanford University and an MBA from University of California
 Berkeley. Because of her prior service as a finance professional
for one of the largest global spirits companies and her extensive experience and knowledge of
 and contacts within
 the spirits
industry
 we believe Ms. Saunders will be a valuable member of our board of directors and is well qualified to serve on our board
and our audit committee.

Jack
Peterson
 Mr. Peterson has been the President of Sandstrom
Partners
 a brand development company that focuses on the creation and revitalization of thought leading brands such as Bulleit
Bourbon
 St-Germain
 Stillhouse Whiskey
 Miller Brewing
 Pernod Ricard and Aviation Gin. In addition to Eastside
 clients of the
firm include Bacardi
 Pernod Ricard
 Brown Foreman and Diageo. From March 1996 to April 2007
 Mr. Peterson was President of Borders
Perrin
 Norrander
 a full-service advertising agency in Portland
 OR. Previously
 Mr. Peterson served as account director and
account executive at several advertising agencies including Hal Riney &amp; Partners in San Francisco. Mr. Peterson holds a B.A.
from the University of Minnesota. Because of his professional experience in brand development and establishing brand equity
 and
his contacts within the spirits industry
 we believe Mr. Peterson will be a valuable member of our board of directors.


    
    


Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

None
of our directors or executive officers has
 during the past ten years:



    
    
has
    had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer
 either
    at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;




    
    
been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offences);




    
    
been
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
    futures
 commodities or banking activities;




    
    
been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
    suspended
 or vacated;




    
    
been
    subject or a party to or any other event requiring disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.


Family
Relationships



Board
Committees


In
September 2016
 our Board of Directors established the following standing committees: an audit committee
 a compensation
committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The Board of Directors determined that establishing standing audit
compensation
 and nominating and corporate governance committees is an important element of sound corporate governance.


Audit
Committee

Our
audit committee oversees the engagement of our independent public accountants
 reviews our audited financial statements
 meets
with our independent public accountants to review internal controls and reviews our financial plans. Our audit committee currently
consists of Michael M. Fleming
 who is the chair of the committee
 Trent D. Davis and Shelly A. Saunders. Each of Messrs. Davis
and Fleming and Ms. Saunders has been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ and SEC
standards. Our Board of Directors has also designated each of Mr. Fleming and Ms. Saunders as an &ldquo;audit committee financial
expert&rdquo; as the term is defined under SEC regulations and has determined that each of Mr. Fleming and Ms. Saunders possesses
the requisite &ldquo;financial sophistication&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ rules. The audit committee operates under a written


and have unrestricted access to the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is able to read and understand fundamental
financial statements
 including our consolidated balance sheets
 consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements
of cash flows. Further
 no member of the audit committee has participated in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
or those of any of our current subsidiaries
 at any time during the past three years.

Compensation
Committee

Our
compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices and procedures relating to compensation for our directors
 officers
and other employees and advising and consulting with our officers regarding managerial personnel and development. Our compensation
committee currently consists of Trent D. Davis
 who is the chair of the committee and Michael M. Fleming
 each of whom has been
determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ standards. Each member of our compensation committee
is also a non-employee director
 as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 and an outside director
as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. The compensation committee operates under


and director compensation
 except as set forth in the compensation committee charter.

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee (&ldquo;Nominating Committee&rdquo;) evaluates the composition
 size and governance
of our Board of Directors and its committees
 evaluating and recommending candidates for election to our Board of Directors
 establishing
a policy for considering stockholder nominees and reviewing our corporate governance principles and providing recommendations
to the Board of Directors. Our Nominating Committee currently consists of Michael M. Fleming
 who is the chair of the committee
and Trent D. Davis
 each of whom has been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ standards.
The Nominating Committee operates under a written charter which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website at 


    
    


Director
Nomination Process

The
Nominating Committee identifies director nominees by first considering those current members of the Board of Directors who are
willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our
business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination
 balancing the value of continuity of service
by existing members of the Board of Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Board of Directors
does not wish to continue in service
 if the Nominating Committee or the Board of Directors decides not to re-nominate a member
for reelection
 if the Nominating Committee or the Board of Directors decided to fill a director position that is currently vacant
or if the Nominating Committee or the Board of Directors decides to recommend that the size of the Board of Directors be increased
the Nominating Committee identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria described above.
Current members of the Board of Directors and management are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the Board of Directors&rsquo;
criteria. Research may also be performed to identify qualified individuals. Nominees for director are selected by a majority of
the members of the Board of Directors
 with any current directors who may be nominees themselves abstaining from any vote relating
to their own nomination. All of our directors participated in the consideration of the director nominees for election at the Annual
Meeting. Although the Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors do not have a formal diversity policy
 the Board of Directors
instructed the Nominating Committee to consider such factors as it deems appropriate to develop a Board and committees that are
diverse in nature and comprised of experienced and seasoned advisors. Factors considered by the Nominating Committee include judgment
knowledge
 skill
 diversity (including factors such as race
 gender and experience)
 integrity
 experience with businesses and
other organizations of comparable size
 including experience in the spirits industry
 business
 finance
 administration or public
service
 the relevance of a candidate&rsquo;s experience to our needs and experience of other board members
 familiarity with
national and international business matters
 experience with accounting rules and practices
 the desire to balance the considerable
benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh perspective provided by new members
 and the extent to which a
candidate would be a desirable addition to the Board of Directors and any committees of the Board of Directors.

In
addition
 directors are expected to be able to exercise their best business judgment when acting on behalf of us and our stockholders
act ethically at all times and adhere to the applicable provisions of our code of business conduct and ethics. Other than consideration
of the foregoing and applicable SEC and NASDAQ requirements
 unless determined otherwise by the Nominating Committee
 there are
no stated minimum criteria
 qualities or skills for director nominees. However
 the Nominating Committee may also consider such
other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of us and our stockholders. In addition
 at least one member of the Board
of Directors serving on the audit committee should meet the criteria for an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; having
the requisite &ldquo;financial sophistication&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ and SEC rules
 and a majority of the members of the
Board of Directors should meet the definition of &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ rules.

The
Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors may consider suggestions for persons to be nominated for director that are submitted
by stockholders. The Nominating Committee will evaluate stockholder suggestions for director nominees in the same manner as it
evaluates suggestions for director nominees made by management
 then-current directors or other appropriate sources. Stockholders
suggesting persons as director nominees should send information about a proposed nominee to our Secretary at our principal executive
offices as referenced above at least 90 days before the anniversary of the prior year&rsquo;s annual stockholder meeting. This
information should be in writing and should include a signed statement by the proposed nominee that he or she is willing to serve
as a director of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 a description of the proposed nominee&rsquo;s relationship to the stockholder and
any information that the stockholder feels will fully inform the Board of Directors about the proposed nominee and his or her
qualifications. The Board of Directors may request further information from the proposed nominee and the stockholder making the
recommendation. In addition
 a stockholder may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at our annual meeting of
stockholders. Please see the section above titled &ldquo;Deadlines for Receipt of Stockholder Proposals&rdquo; for important information
regarding stockholder proposals
 including director nominations.

General
Stockholder Communications 

Stockholders
can send communications to the Board of Directors by sending a certified or registered letter to the Chairman of the Board
 care
of the Secretary
 at our main business address set forth above. Communications that are threatening
 illegal
 or similarly inappropriate
and advertisements
 solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions
 and other similar communications will generally not be
forwarded to the Chairman.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 and Form 5. Officers
directors and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders are required by Commission regulations to furnish to us copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from
certain reporting persons
 we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers
 directors
 and greater-than-10%
beneficial owners were met during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.


    
    


Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years ended
December 31
 2017
 and 2016.




    
Summary
    Compensation Table

    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    

Name
    and Position
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    ($)

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
20
769
50
000
156
740
188
350
415
859

President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Director (From November 2016)
    
    
    
31
500
    
31
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum
    
135
000
63
461
5
095
59
390
262
946

Chief
    Financial Officer
 (Since October 1
 2015)
    
183
942
    
63
600
    
247
542

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
85
000
34
297
30
915
57
906
208
118

Executive
    V.P. Operations&nbsp;and Master Distiller
    
62
538
    
41
610
    
104
148

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Allen
    Barteld
    
84
731
    
285
250
    
369
981

President
    and Chief Executive Officer of MotherLode
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Earles
    
9
231

    

    

    

9
231


President
    Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
 Director (From October 31
 2014 to January 2017)
    
180
673
    
    
30
000
210
673

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Martin
    Kunkel
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chief
    Marketing&nbsp;Officer
 Secretary and Director (From January 13
 2015 to November 2016)
    
70
000
    
    
    
70
000







    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 53
333 shares of common stock underlying the stock options on two separate
    dates of grant ($4.80 and 3.78 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount
    does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest monthly over a
    3-year period.

    
    
Amounts
                                         reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 11
667 shares of common stock
                                         underlying the stock options on the date of grant ($5.40 per share) without regards to
                                         forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual
                                         economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest monthly
                                         over a 6-month period.


    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 1
667 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of
    grant ($4.50 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect
    the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest quarterly over a 3-year period.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 13
000 restricted stock units on the dates of grant ($6.00
 $3.90
 and $4.33
    per share) without regards to forfeitures.

    
    
$48
250
    was converted into Preferred stock
 which was subsequently converted to common stock.

    
    
Amounts
                                         reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 20
000 shares of common stock
                                         underlying the stock option on the date of grant ($4.80 per share) without regards to
                                         forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual
                                         economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest quarterly
                                         over a 3-year period.


    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 11
667 shares of common stock underlying the stock options on two separate
    dates of grant ($4.50 and 3.78 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount
    does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest monthly over a
    3-year period.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 5
548 restricted stock units on the dates of grant ($3.78 and $4.33 per share)
    without regards to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 13
333 shares of common stock underlying the stock options on two separate
    dates of grant ($4.80 and 5.94 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount
    does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest monthly over a
    3-year period.



    
    




    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 83
333 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of
    grant ($4.80 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect
    the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest quarterly over a 5-year period.

    
    
$65
481
    was converted into Preferred stock
 which was subsequently converted to common stock.

    
    
Amounts
                                         reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 5
406 restricted stock units on
                                         the date of grant ($1.85 per share) without regards to forfeitures


    
    
$16
000
    was converted into Preferred stock
 which was subsequently converted to common stock.


All
Other Compensation



Grants
of Plan-Based Awards

The
following table sets forth information concerning the number of shares of common stock underlying restricted stock awards and
stock options granted to the Named Executive Officers in the year ended December 31
 2017.




    
    
                                                                                
Approval
    Date
Estimated
    Future Payouts Under Non- Equity Incentive Plan Awards
Estimated
    Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards
All
    Other Stock Awards:
    
All
    Other Option Awards:
Exercise
    or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh)
Grant
                                         Date Fair Value of Stock and Option
Awards
                                         

    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of Shares of Stock or Units (#)
    
Number
    of Securities Underlying Options (#)
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
    
    
33
334
    
33
333
    
265
100

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
    
    
7
500
    
20
000
    
79
990

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
43
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
667
    
5
095

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
10
000
    
44
720

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
    
3
000
    
    
    
12
990

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
667
    
5
095

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum
    
    
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
15
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum
    
    
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
9
750

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum
    
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
43
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Allen
    Barteld
    
    
    
    
    
    
83
334
    
285
250









    
    
Represents
    the grant date fair value of each equity award calculated in accordance with FAS 123R

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over a 2-year period.

    
    
RSUs
    vested immediately 

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over a 3-year period.

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over a 5-year period.



    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The
following table sets forth all outstanding equity awards made to each of the Named Executive Officers that are outstanding as
of December 31
 2017.



    
    
Option
    Awards (1)
Stock
    Awards

    
Grant
    Date
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable
Option
    Exercise Price ($)
Option
    Expiration Date
Number
of
                                         Stock That Have Not Vested (#)
Market
    Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested

Grover
    T. 
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. 
    
12
500
20
833
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. 
    
3
333
16
667
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
4
167
5
833
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
1
111
2
222
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
1
250
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
1
667
8
333
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
14
167
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
8
333
11
667
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
    
1
250
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Allen
    Barteld
    
12
500
70
833
    
    
    
    








    
    
Options
                                         vest monthly over a 6-month period.


    
    
Options
                                         vest quarterly over 2-year period


    
    
Options
                                         vest quarterly over 3-year period


    
(4)
    
Options
    vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first
    6-months and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year following date of grant (3/48th/month).

    
    
Options vest quarterly over
                                         5-year period



Option
Exercises and Stock Vested



Employment
Agreements

We
have agreements with certain of our named executive officers
 which include provisions regarding post-termination compensation.
We do not have a formal severance policy or plan applicable to our executive officers as a group. The following summaries of the
employment agreements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the employment agreements
 as amended
 which
were filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.

Employment
Agreement with Steve Shum

On
October 5
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Shum. The agreement has an initial term ending on October 5
2018 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $195
000 per year. Mr. Shum is eligible to receive
an annual bonus of at the discretion of the Board of Directors. In addition
 Mr. Shum received an option to purchase 42
500 shares
of our common stock. This option has a five-year term and vests as described above.

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with his employment; (ii) two weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance
benefits; (iv) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (v) a severance payment equal to six months of base salary upon
termination without cause (as defined in the agreement).

Effective
November 4
 2016
 the Company entered into a First Amendment to Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Shum Amendment&rdquo;) with Steven
Shum
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer. Under the Shum Amendment
 Mr. Shum&rsquo;s base salary was decreased to $135
000
per annum. In addition
 Mr. Shum is entitled to quarterly bonuses based on individual and Company performance at the discretion
of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors as well as quarterly bonuses based on the achievement by the Company of certain quarterly
EBITDA targets. The Company agreed to pay Mr. Shum $4
250 for accrued and unpaid salary
 which shall be paid on the earlier of
a qualified equity financing by the Company or six months from the effective date of the Shum Amendment. The Company also agreed
to indemnify Mr. Shum to the fullest extent allowed by the Articles
 the Bylaws
 and applicable law
 and notwithstanding Section
7.14 of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 the rights granted pursuant to the Shum Amendment
shall apply to acts and actions occurring since October 31
 2014.


    
    


Employment
Agreement with Melissa Heim

On
February 27
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Melissa Heim to serve as Master Distiller. The agreement is for
an initial term ending on February 27
 2020 and provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $40
000
per year
 Ms. Heim is eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors. In addition
 Ms. Heim received
an option to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock. This option has a 5 year term and the securities issued thereunder will
be vest over 2-years with 25% vesting in the first year and 75% vesting in the second year provided
 however
 that the options
will not begin vesting until 6-months after the date of grant

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance
benefits and (iii) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms.

On
November 8
 2016
 the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Melissa Heim as the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President
of Operations and agreed to increase her base salary to $85
000 per year. Ms. Heim will continue to also serve as the Company&rsquo;s
Master Distiller.

Employment
Agreement with Allen Barteld

In
connection with our acquisition of MotherLode
 on March 8
 2017
 we entered into a three-year employment agreement with Mr. Barteld.
Under the terms of Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement
 Mr. Barteld will be employed as the President and Chief Executive
Officer of MotherLode
 and will continue to serve as its manager
 for a three-year term. Mr. Barteld will initially be paid an
annual base salary of $85
000
 subject to review from time to time by the compensation committee. Upon the earlier of December
31
 2017 or the closing of a registered public offering of our common stock that results in net proceeds to us of at least $3
000
000
Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s base salary will be increased to $120
000 per year
 subject to review from time to time by the compensation
committee. Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement further provides that Mr. Barteld is eligible to participate in our annual
bonus plan
 the actual payment of which will be determined based upon a combination of our results and individual performance
against applicable performance goals fixed by the compensation committee.

In
addition to salary and bonuses as summarized above
 Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement provides that Mr. Barteld is eligible
to participate in employee benefits plans as we may institute from time to time at the discretion of the compensation committee.
Initially
 at the next meeting of the compensation committee
 upon recommendation of management
 he will be granted 83
334 options
under the 2016 Plan
 which options will vest quarterly over a five-year period
 at an exercise price equal to the closing price
of our common stock on the date of grant.

In
the event Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment is terminated &ldquo;without cause&rdquo; (as defined in Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment
agreement) after his failure to take corrective action during any applicable cure period
 or if he resigns for &ldquo;good reason&rdquo;
(as defined in Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement)
 then he will receive
 in addition to any compensation otherwise due
to him
 payment of his then base salary and continuation of his benefits for six months following the termination. Mr. Barteld
may not resign for good reason without first providing us with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds
for good reason within 90 days of the initial existence of such grounds
 and a reasonable cure period of at least 30 days. If
his employment is terminated voluntarily
 due to death or disability or is terminated for &ldquo;cause&rdquo; (as defined in Mr.
Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement)
 all vesting of equity grants and awards will immediately cease and only routine compensation
provided in Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement will be due.

Any
amounts payable under Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment agreement are subject to any policy (whether currently in existence or later
adopted) established by us providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to Mr. Barteld. We will make any determination
for such clawback or recovery in our sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

Finally
Mr. Barteld is subject to confidentiality
 non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions.


    
    


Potential
Payments upon Termination

Under
the terms of the employment agreements for Mr. Shum and Mr. Barteld
 they are each entitled to a severance payment of six (6)
month&rsquo;s salary at the then-applicable base salary rate in the event that we terminate their employment without cause.

The
following table sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to Mr. Shum and Mr. Barteld
upon termination without cause. The potential payments are based on the terms of Mr. Shum&rsquo;s and Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment
agreements discussed above. For a more detailed description of the employment agreements for Mr. Shum and Mr. Barteld
 see the
&ldquo;Employment Agreements&rdquo; section above.



    
Potential
    Payment
    upon Termination
    Without Cause (1)

Steven
    Shum
67
500

Allen
    Barteld
42
500




    
Employee
    entitled to six months&rsquo; severance at the then applicable base salary rate.

    
Based
    on Mr. Shum&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $135
000.

    
Based
    on Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $85
000.


Compensation
of Directors

On
October 13
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan
of 11
667 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $5.40 (each on a post-reverse split basis) to each of
our non-employee directors as of that date
 Messrs. Davis
 Fleming
 Hirson and Wickersham. During 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors approved the grant on non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan of 7
500 shares of common stock with
an exercise price of $3.78 and $3.40 to each of our newly appointed directors
 Messrs. Peterson and Saunders. On January 11
 2018
all the current directors were granted an additional 7
500 non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan with an exercise price
of $3.99. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending
board of director and any committee meetings
 provided that we have the resources to pay these expenses. Currently
 directors
receive no other compensation for their services on our Board.&nbsp;

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees
 officers and directors. We will provide
to any person without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics. Requests may be directed to our
principal executive offices at 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Also
 a copy of our code of business conduct
and ethics is available on our website. We will disclose
 on our website
 any amendment to
 or a waiver from
 a provision of our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting
officer or controller
 or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics enumerated in applicable rules of the SEC.

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information as of April 2
 2018 as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive
officers and directors and of all of our officers and directors as a group. As of April 2
 2018
 we had 5
044
770 shares
of common stock outstanding.


Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
power over securities. Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we
believe that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock
shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder.


    
    


Shares
of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this
Statement are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person.




    
Number
    of
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Name
    And
    
    

Address
    (1)
    
    

    
    
    

5%
    Stockholders:
    
    

Glenbrook
    Capital (2)
715
844
    


    
    
    

Officers
    and Directors:
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham (3)
666
006
                                         (4)
    

Michael
    Fleming
33
210
                                         (5)
    

Trent
    Davis
25
543
                                         (6)
    

Jack
    Peterson
97
884
                                         (7)
    

Shelly
    A. Saunders
3
125
                                         (8)
    

Melissa
    Heim
26
049
                                         (9)
    

Allen
    Barteld
103
334
                                         (10)
    

Steven
    Shum
61
556
                                         (11)
    

    
    
    

All
    directors and officers as a group (8 persons)
1
016
707
    









    
    
Unless
    otherwise noted
 the address is c/o Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 1002 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.

    
    
The
    address is 430 Cambridge Avenue
 Suite #100
 Palo Alto
 CA 94306. Glenbrook Capital
 L.P. (&ldquo;Glenbrook&rdquo;) is a Nevada
    limited partnership
 the general partner of which is Glenbrook Capital Management
 a Nevada corporation (&ldquo;GCM&rdquo;).
    Glenbrook is overseen by its executive officers and a board of directors consisting of four directors. Grover T. Wickersham
    the corporation&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 is the owner of GCM. However
 he does not direct the voting
    or disposition of the shares owned by Glenbrook. GCM disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities owned by Glenbrook Limited
    Partnership except to the extent of its pecuniary interest in the limited partnership.

    
    
The
    shares of common stock include (i) 97
114 shares held directly; (ii) 178
531 shares owned by the employee profit sharing plan
    of Mr. Wickersham&rsquo;s company
 for which he serves as trustee; (iii) 42
440 shares owned by a charitable remainder trust
    for which he serves as co-trustee and a beneficiary; and (iv) 87
745 shares owned by his minor daughter&rsquo;s irrevocable
    trust
 for which he serves as trustee.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 205
808 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 41
667 shares of common
    stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 9
334 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 8
913 shares issuable upon
    exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 5
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 8
913 shares issuable upon
    exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 9
400 shares of common stock held directly or indirectly by Mr. Peterson and (ii) 33
334 shares of common stock owned
    by Sandstrom Partners
 of which Mr. Peterson is the current CEO (i) 42
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
    currently-exercisable warrants held by Sandstrom Partners
 and (ii) 3
125 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
    stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    3
125 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    11
945 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    16
667 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.

    
    
Includes
    33
056 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 30
 2018.



    
    


Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2017 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000
or one percent (1%) of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related
person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity and other compensation
 termination and other
arrangements which are described above under the headings &ldquo;Compensation of Directors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 there are no proposed transactions as described in the foregoing sentence.

On
June 2
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased 15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock
and one three-year common stock purchase warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of
$59
237 in cash.

On
August 10
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one
share of common stock and one Public Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash.

On
August 23
 2017
 our Board appointed Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.
Mr. Peterson is also the President of Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating
sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom and tasked them with reviewing the Company&rsquo;s current product portfolio
 as well as
its new ideas
 and advising it with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally.
The Company is using Sandstrom&rsquo;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price
of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a black-scholes value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered
by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company. We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000 (at the time
of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;) purchased from us a promissory
note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest
is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity
or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future
Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the
option of Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &ldquo;Wickersham Trust&rdquo;) purchased
from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration
of $179
300. Interest is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public
offering of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future
Financing&rdquo;)
 all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing
of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
at the option of Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.

We
believe that the foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into
only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate
review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis
 and
 where appropriate
 we will utilize our audit committee for
the review of potential conflicts of interest.

Director
Independence

Generally
under the listing requirements and rules of NASDAQ
 independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company&rsquo;s
board of directors. Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review of its composition
 the composition of its committees and the
independence of each director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Trent Davis
 Michael Fleming
 and Shelly Saunders are
independent within the meaning of NASDAQ listing standards. Accordingly
 a majority of our directors is independent
 as required
under applicable NASDAQ rules. In making this determination
 our Board of Directors considered the current and prior relationships
that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant
in determining their independence
 including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee director. In making
this determination
 the Board of Directors considered all transactions set forth under &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions&rdquo; above.

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

Audit
Fees

M&amp;K
billed us $9
000 in progress fees for our 2017 annual audit and $6
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements
in 2017. BPM LLP billed us $24
000 in fees for our 2017 quarterly financial statements
 $60
000 in fees for our 2016 annual audit
and $37
800 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in 2016.


    
    


Audit
Related Fees

We
paid fees to BPM LLP for assurance and related services of $26
400 and $0 related to other SEC filings in 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

For
the years ended each of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by BPM LLP and M&amp;K were
$0.

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures

We
have implemented pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures
our audit committee pre-approves all services to be provided by M&amp;K LLP and the estimated fees related to these services.

All
audit
 audit related
 and tax services were pre-approved by the audit committee
 which concluded that the provision of such services
by M&amp;K LLP was compatible with the maintenance of that firm&rsquo;s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.
Our pre-approval policies and procedures provide for the audit committee&rsquo;s pre-approval of specifically described audit
audit-related
 and tax services on an annual basis
 but individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds
must be separately approved. The policies and procedures also require specific approval by the audit committee if total fees for
audit-related and tax services would exceed total fees for audit services in any fiscal year. The policies and procedures authorize
the audit committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services.

Item
15. EXHIBITS.



    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX



    
        
    
Description
    of Document

3.1
    
    
Amended
    and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein.

3.2
    
    
Certificate
    of Designation &ndash; Series A Preferred Stock
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    dated March 9
 2016 and filed on March 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amendment
    to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K dated June 1
 2016 and filed on June 9
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate
    of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6
 2016 and filed on October
    11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate
    of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14
 2017 and filed on June
    15
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K dated October 13
 2016 and filed on October 19
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Form
    of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock certificate
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to Registrant&rsquo;s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-215848) (the &ldquo;2017 S-1 Registration Statement&rdquo;) filed on July 7
 2017
    and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Warrant
    Agreement between the Registrant and Pacific Stock Transfer Company dated August 10
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Form
    of Warrant to purchase common stock (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2)
 filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 

    
    
Common
    Stock Purchase Warrant
 filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10
 2017
    and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Eastside
    Distilling
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
First
    Amendment to Employment Agreement (Steven Earles)
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2015 filed on August 14
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Second
    Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 4
 2016 between Steven Earles and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
    the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4
 2016 and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by
    reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement dated October 5
 2015 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K dated October 5
 2015 and filed on October 6
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
First
    Amendment to Employment Agreement
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November
    4
 2016 and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement dated February 27
 2015 between Melissa Heim and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    2017 Registration Statement
 filed on February 1
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease
    Agreement dated July 17
 2014 between PJM Bldg. II LLC and Eastside Distilling LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease
    Agreement with Oregon City Building Limited Partnership
 filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
    No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Specialty
    Lease Agreement dated January 20
 2015 between RPR Washington Square LLC and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
License
    Agreement dated October 10
 2014 between Clackamas Town Center and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Non-Exclusive
    Consulting Agreement with Rinvest Securities
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form
    10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014 and filed on March 31
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Registration
    Rights Agreement
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 30
 2016 and filed
    on January 6
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Purchase
    and Assignment of Membership Interests
 Assumption of Obligations
 Agreement to be Bound by Limited Liability Company Agreement
    and Admission of Substituted Member among the Registrant
 Allen Barteld and MotherLode
 LLC
 dated as of March 8
 2017
 filed
    as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K and filed on March 14
 2017 and incorporated by reference
    herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement between the Company and Allen Barteld dated as of March 1
 2017 and executed on March 8
 2017
 filed as Exhibit
    10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 8
 2017
 filed on March 14
 2017 and incorporated by
    reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement between the Company and Jarrett Catalani dated as of July 1
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 3 to
    the Registrant&rsquo;s 2017 Registration Statement
 filed on July 20
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Underwriting
    Agreement between the Registrant and Roth Capital Partners
 as representative of the several underwriters
 dated August 10
    2017
 filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on August 10
 2017 and incorporated
    by reference herein.

    
    
Redneck
    Riviera License Agreement dated October 20
 2017**

    
    
Form
    of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. 8% Promissory Note dated December
 2017*

    
    
Code
    of Ethics
 filed as Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033)
 filed on February 11
 2015
    and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Consent
    of BPM LLP
 independent registered public accounting firm.

    
    
Consent
    of M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 independent registered public accounting firm.

31.1
    
    
Certification
    of Grover Wickersham pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Grover Wickersham pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*






    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document






    
        
Filed
                                         herewith. &nbsp;
Filed
        herewith; confidential status has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to a Confidential Treatment
        Request filed April 2
 2017. Such provisions have been separately filed with the Commission.





    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan.




    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Grover Wickersham

    
    
Grover
    Wickersham

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Steve Shum

    
    
Steve
    Shum

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Grover Wickersham
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
April
                                         2
 2018


Grover
    Wickersham
    
and
    Director
    
    

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steve Shum
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
April 2
    2018

Steve
    Shum
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Mick Fleming
    
    
    
April 2
    2018

Mick
    Fleming
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Trent Davis
    
    
    
April 2
    2018

Trent
    Davis
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Shelly Saunders
    
    
    
April 2
    2018

Shelly
    Saunders
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Jack Peterson
    
    
    
April 2
    2018

Jack
    Peterson
    
    
    
    





    
    













     



Exhibit
23.1

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-214782 on Form S-8 of our report dated
March 31
 2017 except for Note 12 &ldquo;Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;
 for which the date is June 15
 2017
 relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 which appear in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.



/s/
    BPM LLP
    

San
    Francisco
 California
    

April
    2
 2018
    



    
    













     




Exhibit
23.2

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated April 2
 2018 relating to our audits of the consolidated financial
statements of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
2017.



/s/
    M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
    

    
    



    

April
2
 2018
    





    
    













     




Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Grover Wickersham
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



 2018



/s/
    Grover Wickersham
    

Grover
    Wickersham
    

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    





    
    













     




Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Shum
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



 2018



/s/
    Steven Shum
    

Steven
    Shum
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    





    
    













     





Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Grover Wickersham
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
Inc.



 2018



    
    
/s/
    Grover Wickersham

    
    
Grover
    Wickersham

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director


I
Steven Shum
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
Inc.



 2018



    
    
/s/
    Steven Shum

    
    
Steven
    Shum

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer





    
    













     





LICENSE
AGREEMENT

This
&rdquo;)
 day of October

Date

 LLC
&rdquo;)
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.
a corporation organized under the laws of
the State of Nevada (&ldquo;


Licensee desires to use the Authorized Trademark (as defined below) during the Term (as defined below) and within the Territory
(as defined below) in order to produce
 manufacture
 distribute and promote the Authorized Products (as defined below); and


Licensor is willing to grant to Licensee a license to use the Authorized Trademark during the Term and within the Territory solely
in order to produce
 manufacture
 distribute and promote the Authorized Products
 subject to the terms and conditions contained
herein.

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual promises
 covenants and conditions contained herein
 it is hereby agreed as follows:

1.


&rdquo;
or &ldquo;

Authorized
Products
 collectively
 the Distilled Spirits Products
 the Promotional Materials and the Promotional Items (each
as defined below).

Authorized
Property
 collectively
 the Authorized Trademark and the Brand Intellectual Property (as defined below).
Authorized
Trademark
Brand
Intellectual Property
 product packaging
 slogans
designs
 bottle designs
 logos
 trade dress
 (ii) any and all copyrights and copyrightable works
 (iii) any and all product formulas
recipes
 formulations and blends (collectively
&rdquo;)
 and (iv) all intellectual property
rights and goodwill associated with (i) through (iii) above in any form throughout the world
 including any registrations or applications
relating to the foregoing and any extensions
 modifications
 renewals
 reissuance
 continuation or continuation in part
 reexamination
and improvements thereof.

&rdquo;
means a package containing [****] equivalent of alcoholic beverages.

Control
Group
 as of the Effective Date
 at least fifty percent
(50%)
 directly or indirectly
 of the aggregate issued and outstanding capital stock of Licensee on a fully diluted basis.

Contract
Date
 2018.

Contract
Year
 with the first of such
period commencing on the Contract Date and expiring twelve (12) months thereafter.


    
    


Distilled
Spirits Products
 and those other alcoholic beverage products
agreed to in a Product Extension Amendment (as defined below)
 as provided for below
 bearing some form of the Authorized Trademark
on the label of each such Authorized Product (as permitted herein)
 and consisting solely of distilled spirits intended for human
consumption; 
 
 notwithstanding the foregoing
&rdquo; shall
 mean and shall not be deemed to include
 for any purpose hereunder
 unless a Product Extension Amendment is agreed
in advance and in writing with respect thereto in each instance: (i) wine (regardless of alcohol by content); (ii) any cider or
malt beverage products (including
 without limitation
 beer
 sake
 hard lemonade
 etc.); (iii) any beverage that has distilled
spirits as a non-primary ingredient
 including any cordial
 aperitif or other similar distilled spirits beverage; (iv) any mixed
or hybrid alcoholic beverages consisting of
 based upon
 flavored with
 or derived from
 any of the foregoing items (i) &ndash;
(iii)
 however marketed or branded; or (Iv) any condiment
 food or non-alcoholic beverage products intended or marketed for consumption
in connection with the consumption of distilled spirits products
 including
 without limitation
 mixers
 mixes
 juices and/or
salts. Licensee currently intends to launch the following initial products within the first [****] of the Effective Date: [****].
For the avoidance of doubt
 until such time as a Product Extension Agreement is fully executed by the parties hereto with respect

 Licensor and Artist shall
be under no restriction whatsoever respecting entering into any transaction or arrangement regarding any item set forth in (i)
&ndash; (iv) of this definition of Distilled Spirits Products.

Distribution
Channels

Licensee
Disposition

(a)
Licensee assigns this Agreement to a wholly or partially owned subsidiary (by operation of law
 change of control or otherwise)
without the prior written permission of Licensor
 which shall not be unreasonably withheld;

(b)
Licensee sells
 assigns or otherwise disposes
 whether in a single sale or series of related transactions
 all or substantially
all of its assets;

(c)
the acquisition
 directly or indirectly
 in any transaction or any number of transactions
 by an individual or Group (as defined
by SEC rules)
 who is not an owner of at least five percent (5%) of the total voting power of Licensee as of the Effective Date
of at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the total voting power of Licensee; or

(d)
the consummation of any merger
 consolidation or business combination or similar transaction involving Licensee in which Licensee
is not the continuing or surviving corporation
 without the prior written permission of Licensor
 which shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

Licensee
Know-How
 know-how
 methods
 processes
 technical information
 directions
 instructions
 protocols
procedures
 techniques
 raw material sources
 concepts and ideas owned
 as of the Effective Date
 by Licensee and used for the
manufacture
 bottling and labeling of distilled spirits products; 
 
 that any of the foregoing shall
only constitute &ldquo;Licensee Know-How&rdquo; to the extent not known to Licensor as of the Effective Date or not otherwise
generally known in the distilled spirits industry.

Product
Extension Amendment
 proposed distilled spirit alcoholic beverage product not constituting
an Initial Product
 a written amendment to this Agreement fully executed by the parties hereto that
 at a minimum
 contains the


 design and flavor profile.

Promotional
Items
 bearing one or more items of the Authorized Property
 used for advertising and promotion solely
the Distilled Spirits Products (e.g. hats
 t-shirts
 glassware and similar items). All Promotional Items will either be given
away as free
 promotional
 premium items or sold solely in tasting rooms or online webstores wholly owned by Licensee provided
the parties agree in writing upon a royalty to be paid to Licensor therefor prior to any such sales
 unless otherwise agreed to
by the parties hereto pursuant to a separate written license agreement. In the event Licensee engages any third party to create
Promotional Items
 Licensee shall enter into a work-for-hire (in a form approved by Licensor) assigning all rights to any Promotional
Items to Licensee.


    
    


Promotional
Materials
 online
 television
 radio spots and point of sale materials (at both on and off
premise retail locations) including
 without limitation
 in connection with any personal appearances which 
 in his
individual capacity
 may make
 and with respect to any and all other promotional materials relating to the Authorized Products
occurring during the Term. In the event Licensee engages any third party to create Promotional Materials
 Licensee shall enter
into a work-for-hire (in a form approved by Licensor) assigning all rights to any Promotional Materials to Licensee.

&rdquo;
shall be the United States of America.

2.


a.
. Subject to the terms
 conditions and obligations hereof (including the exclusivity provisions set forth below)
Licensor hereby grants to Licensee
 and Licensee hereby accepts
 upon the terms and conditions set forth herein
 during the Term
(as defined below) and within the Territory
 a non-transferable and non-sublicenseable license to use and exploit the Authorized
Property solely in order to produce
 manufacture
 distribute
 advertise and promote the Authorized Products (the &ldquo;

b.
. Neither Licensee nor any distributer
 wholesaler or any other third party engaged by Licensee shall denigrate
or permit or allow the denigration of the Authorized Property in connection with the performance of its obligations and rights
under this Agreement
 and Licensee shall take any other action not approved by Licensor as provided herein that is harmful or
potentially harmful to or which disparages
 ridicules or demeans the goodwill
 honor and reputation of Licensor
 Artist
 or the
Authorized Property.

c.
. To further protect the value and integrity of the Authorized Trademark and shield it against
denigration resulting from inappropriate pricing of Authorized Products bearing the Authorized Trademark
 Licensee agrees to meaningfully
consult with Licensor respecting price points of each of the Distilled Spirits Products hereunder.

d.
. Licensee agrees
 during the Term of this Agreement and thereafter
 never to challenge or attack the rights
of Licensor in and to the Authorized Trademark or the validity of the License being granted herein. Licensee agrees that it shall
at no time during the Term or thereafter
 use or authorize the use of any trademark
 trade name or other designation identical
with or confusingly or substantially similar to the Authorized Trademark.

e.
. Licensee agrees
 during the Term of this Agreement and thereafter
 that its use of the Authorized Trademark is
solely and entirely governed by this Agreement
 and that Licensee shall not acquire any rights whatsoever in or to the Authorized
Trademark other than the rights expressly provided in this Agreement. Licensee agrees and acknowledges that following the expiration
or earlier termination of this Agreement for any reason
 Licensee shall not have any right to use for itself in any manner
 or
sublicense
 the Authorized Trademark to any third party for any purpose
 except as specifically provided for in this Agreement
(e.g.
 during the Sell-Off Period provided in Section 12(b)).

f.
. Licensee agrees that it shall not (and shall insure that no sublicense shall) at anytime
 anywhere in
the world
 apply for any registration of any element of the Authorized Trademark or any copyright
 trademark or other designation
which would adversely affect the ownership of the Authorized Trademark by Licensor or file any document with any governmental
authority to take any action which would affect the ownership of the Authorized Trademark by Licensor.


    
    



g.
. Licensee agrees to cooperate with Licensor in protecting the Authorized Trademark (at Licensor&rsquo;s cost
and expense) and
 for that purpose
 Licensee will supply to Licensor from time to time
 and at no charge
 such samples and information
regarding sales of the Authorized Trademark sold or distributed by Licensee
 as reasonably may be requested by Licensor.

h.
. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that no rights are granted herein to use either
any sound recordings containing the performance of Artist or any musical compositions written in whole or in part by Artist).

i.
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary
 in no event shall the License granted hereunder be
deemed to include or contain a reference to &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich&rdquo; on or in connection with any Authorized Product.

j.


i.
. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 except with respect to the Permitted Activities (as defined
below) and provided License is not in breach of this Agreement
 Licensor and Artist covenant that within the Territory and commencing
upon the Effective Date and ending upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement
 Licensor shall not market or
promote any Distilled Spirits Products under the Authorized Trademark
 and Licensor shall not issue a license or authorize any
third party to use or sell
 except as specifically provided in this Agreement and otherwise without Licensee&rsquo;s permission
any Distilled Spirits Product under the Authorized Trademark. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 it is understood and agreed that
(a) Artist may attend and perform at events (e.g.
 private events
 festivals
 tours
 etc.) that are sponsored by one or more distilled
spirits product brands (and/or their owners and/or distributors)
 including appearing in public and being photographed at such
sponsored public events
 (b) Artist may appear in music videos and/or perform on records produced by other recording artists in
a &ldquo;featured&rdquo; capacity
 which videos and/or records may include references to and/or depictions of any distilled spirits
product brands as Artist has no control over the content of such videos or records in his capacity as a &ldquo;featured&rdquo;
Artist
 (c) Artist may own and endorse
 in any capacity
 directly or indirectly
 any entertainment venue
 restaurant
 bar
 spa
hotel
 beach club
 grill
 nightclub
 and/or casino business anywhere where all distilled spirits products receive comparatively
similar prominence
 (d) Artist may produce and/or co-write compositions of or with other third party recording artists which productions
or musical compositions may include reference to other distilled spirits products brands; (e) Artist shall not be precluded from
making de-minimis investments in publicly traded competitors of Licensee; and (f) Artist
 in his capacity as a Member of &ldquo;Big
&amp; Rich&rdquo;
 may be sponsored or endorsed by any distilled spirits brand without limitation including respecting tours
album releases
 etc. ((a) &ndash; (f)
 collectively
&rdquo;). Licensee and Artist shall
be free to engage in whatever business enterprise they desire respecting any of the foregoing.

ii.
. Licensee agrees that it shall not launch
 market or promote any other distilled spirits products bearing the
name
 likeness or image of any another male country music artist during the Term of this Agreement
 either directly or indirectly
without the prior express written consent of Licensor.

k.
. The effectiveness of this Agreement (including
 without limitation
 the grant of the License contained herein)

): (a) to Artist or his designee
 a warrant for 25
000 shares of Licensee&rsquo;s
common stock; and (b) to T.J. McDaniel or his designee
 a warrant for 5
000 shares of Licensee&rsquo;s common stock (collectively



    
    



3.
. Unless terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof
 the initial period of this Agreement shall commence
&rdquo;).
Upon the conclusion of the Initial Period
 this Agreement shall automatically renew for one additional ten (10) year period (the
. Thereafter (and only in the event that the Automatic
Renewal Period has occurred

 Licensee shall have the right to renew this Agreement upon written
notice given to Licensor no later than ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Automatic Renewal Period for on-going additional
periods of ten (10) years each (each
 a &ldquo;
&rdquo; and together with the Initial Period and the Automatic
Renewal Period
 collectively
&rdquo;); provided
 however
 notwithstanding the foregoing
 any and all such
renewals (including
 without limitation
 the Automatic Renewal Period) shall be subject to
 as of the commencement of each Renewal
Period
 all of the following: (i) Licensee not then being in breach of this Agreement and (ii) the Annual Case Objective and the
Minimum JR Promotional Allowance having been timely paid in full in each instance.

4.



a.
. Upon and from and after a Licensee Disposition
 in consideration of the License granted herein
 Licensee shall
without offset or deduction of any kind or nature and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof
 pay to Licensor
 per
bottle of Distilled Spirit Product produced for commercialization hereunder
&rdquo;
 attached hereto and hereby incorporated
herein by this reference. For the avoidance of doubt
 in the event of a Licensee Disposition
 Licensee shall not owe Licensor
a [****] for any Distilled Spirit Product invoiced for sale before such Licensee Disposition. Upon and from and after a Licensee
Disposition
 Licensor in its sole discretion
 may terminate the Term immediately upon written notice to Licensee in the event
that Licensee fails to meet any Annual Case Objective (as defined below). If Licensor sends Licensee notice of its intent to so
terminate the Agreement
 Licensee shall have an opportunity to cure by
 within thirty (30) days of receipt of Licensor&rsquo;s
notice of such intent to terminate
 paying
 in full and in immediately available sums
 to Licensor the difference between the
[****] that would have been paid if Licensee had met the Annual Case Objective (assuming all such items were sold by Licensee
during the applicable period) in the relevant Contract Year and the actual [****] paid to Licensor during the relevant Contract
Year.

b.
. Upon and from and after a Licensee Disposition
 the [****] shall be paid to Licensor on a quarterly
basis in arrears
 within thirty (45) days after the end of each calendar quarter during the Term. The [****] shall be accompanied
by a detailed accounting statement and back-up production documentation showing the number of Products produced and the precise
manner in which the [****] was calculated during such calendar quarter.

c.
. Licensee and any successor or assignee including without limitation
 in respect of a Licensee Disposition
shall maintain invoices and books of account for the production
 sale
 advertising and promotion of the Authorized Products throughout
the Term and for a period of at least three (3) years thereafter. Such books of account shall be complete and accurate and in
accordance with generally-accepted accounting practices. Licensor or its designee shall have the right to enter Licensee&rsquo;s
premises
 inspect and photocopy all books and records of Licensee relating to the production
 sale
 advertising and promotion
of the Authorized Products within five (5) business days after notice to Licensee during the Term and for three (3) years after
the termination or expiration of the Agreement. In the event that underpayments are discovered
 Licensee shall immediately render
payment thereof. If the underpayments are more than five percent (5%)
 then Licensee shall also reimburse Licensor for the costs
of the audit. Licensee shall pay interest at the average prime rate regarding any underpayment from the time period commencing
when the payment should have been made until the date of payment.



    
    



5.


a.


i.
. Notwithstanding Section 3 above or anything else contained herein to the contrary
 the parties hereby
set a requirement to produce
 per Contract Year
 and measured beginning on the first Authorized Product shipping date
 and every
anniversary thereafter
 Cases of Authorized Product equal to or exceeding the Annual Case Objective set forth in Section 5(a)(ii)
below (each
 an &ldquo;

ii.
. In addition to the other informational requirements set forth herein
Licensee shall provide to Licensor a production report for Case production 

Report
 below. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary
 in the event that Licensee fails to produce at least as many of the total Authorized Products
in a year than as provided below in an Annual Case Objective
 Licensor in its sole discretion
 may terminate the Term immediately
upon written notice to Licensee within sixty (60) days from Licensor&rsquo;s receipt of the applicable Annual Production Report.

Annual
Case Objectives


(a)


b.
Promotional
Expenditures
&rdquo;). The Promotional Expenditure Report shall be sent in accordance
with Section 16
 below.

6.


a.
. Licensee agrees that it shall not contest

Brand Intellectual Property

 either directly or indirectly
encourage or assist others in doing so or take any action of any kind inconsistent with the ownership and/or control of all such
intellectual property rights by Licensor. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Licensee a proprietary interest of any kind
 other than the right
to use the Authorized Property strictly in accordance with this Agreement. As between the parties hereto
 all goodwill and any
rights arising from Licensee&rsquo;s use of the Authorized Property hereunder shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor.

b.
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary and not in limitation of
any other rights or remedies available to Licensor hereunder
 at law or equity

 not meet any Annual Case Objective described
in Section 5(a) above
 Licensee shall immediately deliver to Licensor all cards for all Product Formulations for all Distilled
Spirits Products produced or then in production hereunder.

7.




    
    


8.

 Notices
 Approvals and Samples

a.
. Licensee acknowledges that the loyalty of Artist&rsquo;s fans and customers is an asset
of tremendous value to Artist and Licensor. Licensee agrees that all Authorized Products shall be of a quality that is at least
as high as the quality typical of similarly priced alcoholic beverage products in the same product class (i.e.
 a $[****] authorized
whiskey product will be of a similar quality as a competing $[****] whiskey product). Licensee shall maintain the high professional
standard currently associated with the Authorized Property and do nothing to bring ridicule or scorn on the Authorized Property
or on the Authorized Products. As an essential element and as a material inducement for Licensor&rsquo;s grant of the License
granted to Licensee herein
 Licensee covenants and agrees that the Authorized Products must at all times meet or exceed such standards
as determined by Licensor.

b.
. Licensee shall submit to Licensor for approval samples of each Authorized Product
prior to the manufacture or dissemination thereof. Each Authorized Product shall be submitted with its proposed labeling and/or
packaging
 if possible
 but no Authorized Product shall be deemed approved unless and until its labeling and packaging are also
approved
 if they are submitted separately.

c.
. Licensor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to send a written
notice of approval or disapproval of each submission as outlined in Section 8.b. promptly following Licensor&rsquo;s receipt of
the submitted item. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 failure of Licensee to receive written approval
of any such submitted item
 of the Authorized Product. For the avoidance
of doubt
 Licensee shall not have the right to use the Authorized Product or any element thereof unless the particular use by
Licensee has been approved by Licensor as provided in this Section 8.c. Licensor acknowledges that time is of the essence and
that these submissions are integral to Licensee&rsquo;s performing under this Agreement and Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold
or delay approval of
 any submission of an Authorized Product reasonably requested by Licensee.

d.
. All Authorized Products hereunder shall conform in all respects
including style
 appearance
 materials
 contents
 workmanship and overall quality
 to the samples that Licensor has approved in
writing.

e.
. If any Authorized Product fails to conform to the approved sample
 then
 within seven (7) calendar
days after Licensee&rsquo;s receipt of written notice to that effect from Licensor
 Licensor shall have the right to withdraw
its approval of the Authorized Product(s) by delivery of a further written notice if the failure identified in the initial notice
has not been cured within a further ten (10) calendar days. Licensee shall then
 upon receipt of such further notice
 cease use
of the particular Authorized Product(s) identified in the notice.

f.
. Upon Licensor&rsquo;s request
 Licensee will furnish to Licensor
 without charge
 a reasonable number of samples
of each type of Authorized Product
 with its usual packaging and labeling
 if applicable
 to permit Licensor to confirm that Licensor&rsquo;s
standards are being observed. Licensor or its representatives shall also have the right to visit the plant(s) where the Authorized
Products are made at any time during normal business hours for purposes of quality inspection.

g.
. Licensor&rsquo;s approval of an Authorized Product does not mean that Licensor has determined
that the item conforms to applicable laws
 that the item is safe or fit for its intended purpose or that the item does not infringe
the intellectual property or contractual rights of others. Licensor may also revoke an approval if the item subsequently proves
to be unsafe
 to be deficient in quality
 to violate any law or to violate the rights of others that are subsequently learned
to have existed at the time approval was granted.


    
    



h.

 Manufacturers and Recalls
 offered for sale
 sold
 labeled
packaged and distributed
 and advertised
 promoted
 publicized and otherwise exploited
 in accordance with all applicable laws
and regulations. To further safeguard the integrity and value of Licensor&rsquo;s Authorized Trademark
 Licensee will monitor
the performance of its distributors and manufacturers to assure compliance with these laws and regulations in accordance with
the laws of the United States and of all other countries
 as applicable. Licensee will terminate any manufacturer and/or distributor
which fails to comply therewith. If any Authorized Product poses a danger or health threat
 Licensee shall immediately notify
the appropriate governmental agency and commence any appropriate or necessary product recall
 to be paid for solely by Licensee.
In addition
 Licensee shall defend
 indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and Artist
 from and against any action solely brought
against Licensor and/or Artist based upon or seeking such product recall.

9.
. Licensee will display on all Authorized Products any and all legends
 markings or notices that are
required by law or that Licensor may reasonably request from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Licensee shall not make
any reference to the trademarks comprising the Authorized Trademark without including the &reg; or &trade; symbol
 as appropriate.
Licensee may only eliminate any or all legends
 markings
 notices or references with the express prior written approval of Licensor
in each instance. Upon receipt of written notice from Licensor
 Licensee shall have thirty (30) days to cure any omissions of
such legends
 markings or notices.

10.
. The parties acknowledge that certain reasonable personal services may be requested of Licensor
its principals
 officers or affiliates
 including Artist (each
&rdquo;). Artist agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts to attend critical distributor meetings and/or participate in bus routing during non-&ldquo;Big
&amp; Rich&rdquo; touring times or during the Artist&rsquo;s so-called &ldquo;off season&rdquo;; 
 
in the event of any of the foregoing or in the event that Licensee requests that Artist travel for any other meeting or other
specific purpose related to this Agreement
 and such request is approved in writing by Artist
 on a case-by-case basis
 in each
instance (to be given or withheld in his sole discretion and subject in all instances to Artist&rsquo;s prior professional commitments
(including
 without limitation
 touring
 performing
 recording and composing))
 Licensee agrees to pay for such Licensor Principal&rsquo;s
travel and lodging all on a first class basis (which shall be subject to pre-approval by Licensee in each instance). Subject to
the limitations of this section
 Artist agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to attend mutually agreed upon in writing
in each instance media and customer events
 and visit with distributors
 chain stores
 and selected liquor stores and bars for
promotional events. Additionally
 the parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct meetings or distributor parties
at the location commonly referred to as &ldquo;Mt. Richmond.&rdquo;

In
addition to the [****]
 Licensee shall provide to Licensor
 without off-set or deduction of any kind of nature
 those amounts
&rdquo; (for purposes of Artist
using same solely to promote the Distilled Spirits Products hereunder):

11.


a.
In addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity
 Licensor may terminate this Agreement and all rights granted
to Licensee hereunder upon thirty (30) days&rsquo; written notice: (a) should Licensee fail to cure any material breach of this
Agreement within thirty (30) days&rsquo; written notice from Licensor of such breach; (b) if Licensee is dissolved; or (c) if
Licensee files a petition in bankruptcy or is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent
 makes a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors
 discontinues its business or if a receiver
 trustee or custodian is appointed for Licensee
 which receiver
 trustee
or custodian is not discharged within thirty (30) days of appointment.

b.
. In addition to the other termination rights contained herein
 Licensor may terminate this Agreement
without prejudice to any rights it may have
 whether at law or at equity
 upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following
events (each
 a &ldquo;


    
    



i.
Licensee breaches Sections 2(a)
 2(j)(ii)
 8 or 19 and has not cured the breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written
notice from Licensor of such breach;

ii.
Licensee fails to maintain in full force and effect
 the insurance referred to herein below and such failure is not cured within
thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from Licensor of such failure;

iii.
Licensee fails to make any payments due hereunder on the date due two or more times in any one calendar year and such failure
is not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from Licensor of such failure;
iv.
Licensee fails to promptly
 fully and timely deliver any of the accounting statements required herein
 or fails to give access
to the books and records pursuant to the provisions hereof and such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt
of written notice from Licensor of such failure;

v.
immediately upon written notice
 if any governmental agency or other administrative body
 office or official vested with appropriate
authority obtains or issues a final
 non-appealable judgment or ruling which determines that the Authorized Products are harmful
or defective in any material way
 manner or form
 or are being manufactured
 sold or distributed in contravention of applicable
laws or regulations
 or in a manner likely to cause harm;

vi.
immediately upon written notice
 if Licensee does any act or conducts itself in any manner that
 in Licensor&rsquo;s reasonable
opinion
 is offensive to standards of decency of the predominance of the applicable public
 morality or social propriety resulting
in public scandal or ridicule
 or is disparaging to Licensor
 Artist
 the Authorized Trademark or Licensor&rsquo;s or Artist&rsquo;s
products or services including
 without limitation
 the Authorized Products;

vii.
immediately upon written notice
 if Licensee or any parent entity of Licensee is unable to pay its respective debts as they become
due or Licensee or any parent entity of Licensee defaults on any indebtedness and does not cure such default within thirty (30)
days of Licensor&rsquo;s written notice of same

viii.
immediately upon written notice
 if Licensee pledges
 encumbers
 grants a security interest in
 or permits any lien (whether arising
by operation of law or otherwise) to exist with respect to all or any part of the Authorized Trademark or this Agreement (or any
revenue stream attributable to any of the foregoing) in connection with
 or as a part of
 any obligation (contractual or otherwise)
or as collateral or security for
 any liability or indebtedness (public or private)
 in any case of Licensee
 any affiliate or
related party of Licensee or any other person.

c.
. Licensee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement during the Initial Period in the event
Licensee determines that
 in its reasonable business judgment
 the business relationship created hereby is not a viable business
upon six (6) months prior written notice 
&rdquo;). For avoidance of doubt
 all amounts
 including without limitation
the Minimum JR Promotional Allowance
 shall continue to be due and owing during such Six Month Termination Window.

d.
. In addition to the other termination rights contained herein
 Licensor shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement upon Licensor&rsquo;s receipt of a Rejected Offer (as defined below) or upon the consummation of an IP
Sale (as defined below)
 after payment in full by Licensor of any then due Sales Bonus to Licensee.

12.


a.
. Upon the effective date of any termination (except as set forth in Section 12.b.
 below) or expiration
of this Agreement
 Licensee will immediately discontinue all use of the Authorized Property and Brand Intellectual Property
 whether
in connection with the sale
 distribution
 advertisement or manufacture of Authorized Products or otherwise
 and will promptly
turn over
 at no charge
 all Product Formulation Cards
 materials
 items
 equipment
 bottle
 design materials and the like used
to make or reproduce the Authorized Property and Brand Intellectual Property to Licensor
 and all items affixed with the Authorized
Property and Brand Intellectual Property to Licensor whether signage
 labels
 posters
 bags
 boxes
 tags or otherwise
 and
 hereby
assigns to Licensor
 at no cost to Licensor all such rights.


    
    



b.
. Following the termination or expiration of this Agreement
 Licensor shall
 at its option
 be entitled
to designate a person duly licensed to receive distilled spirits from Licensee to purchase from Licensee all existing Authorized
Products within thirty (30) business days after receipt of such inventory following Licensee&rsquo;s termination at Licensee&rsquo;s
hard cost; 
 
 if this Agreement was terminated by Licensor due to Licensee&rsquo;s breach hereof
in accordance herewith
 then Licensee shall deliver the foregoing items at no charge to Licensor&rsquo;s duly-licensed designee
notwithstanding the foregoing. Provided this Agreement has not been terminated by Licensor for a breach hereof by Licensee in
accordance herewith
 and if Licensor&rsquo;s duly-licensed designee does not acquire the inventory pursuant to the previous sentence
&rdquo;) for a period of six (6) months
&rdquo;). Such Sell-Off Products may be discounted to no lower than [****] of original wholesale
price to allow Licensee to sell through the Sell-Off Products. However
 retailers shall be encouraged to sell within the original
MSRP and not drop pricing below the original MSRP for any reason
 including that it denigrates the overall perception of the brand.
If
 during the Sell-Off Period
 Licensee breaches any obligation under the Agreement
 Licensor shall be entitled to terminate
all sell-off rights immediately on written notice to Licensee upon the breach of this Agreement by Licensee (i) if such breach
is specified herein as a breach for which no cure is permitted
 or (ii) for any other breach
 the breach is not cured within ten
(10) days after Licensee&rsquo;s receipt of notice of breach. In the event (x) Licensor&rsquo;s duly-licensed designee does not
purchase all of the aforesaid Authorized Products
 or (y) all sell-off rights provided have expired
 Licensor shall be entitled
to cause all Products in the possession of Licensee to be destroyed on an agreed date
 time and place
 with Licensor and/or its
representative entitled to be present at such destruction.

c.
. In the event that Licensee delivers to Licensor a Special Termination Notice

terminates this Agreement
 this Agreement expires
 or a Non-Renewal Event occurs

) deliver to Licensor all cards
for all Product Formulations
 all Promotional Materials
 all Promotional Items and a full
 accurate and complete list of all distributor
contacts
 all at no charge to Licensor.

d.
. All distribution arrangements
 agreements
 contracts
 and the like which Licensee enters into
(or are binding on Licensee) with respect to the sale and distribution of the Authorized Products shall provide for
 an automatic
termination (without a break-up
 termination or other charge or fee of any kind or nature) in the event this Agreement expires
or is terminated for any reason; 
 
 in the event such termination rights are not permitted by applicable
law
 Licensee shall advise Licensor of same in writing
 and prior to entering into such agreement or arrangement
 Licensee shall
obtain Licensor&rsquo;s prior written approval therefor in each instance.

13.
. In the event that Licensee becomes aware of any unauthorized third-party use of a mark or name that
infringes any of the Authorized Trademarks
 Licensee agrees to promptly notify Licensor of such unauthorized use. It is understood
and agreed that Licensor may
 at any time
 at Licensor&rsquo;s sole cost and expense
 object
 pursue or otherwise take action
against such third party in Licensor&rsquo;s sole discretion. Licensee shall cooperate with and provide commercially reasonably
requested information to Licensor in any such proceeding at Licensee&rsquo;s sole cost and expense.


    
    



14.


a.
Each party represents and warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement
 and that the
person signing this Agreement on behalf of each has been properly authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement. Each
party further acknowledges that it has read this Agreement
 understands it
 and agrees to be bound by it.


b.
Other than as expressly set forth in the foregoing clause or elsewhere in this Agreement
 all rights granted by Licensor to Licensee
under this Agreement are granted on an &ldquo;AS IS&rdquo; basis with no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever.
NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND NO IMPLIED WARRANTIES AS TO MERCHANTABILITY
 FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR OTHERWISE
WITH RESPECT TO THE AUTHORIZED PROPERTY OR THE PRODUCTS SHALL APPLY
 NOR HAVE ANY BEEN MADE BY LICENSOR. LICENSEE HEREBY WAIVES
ALL SUCH WARRANTIES OR GUARANTIES
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
 ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE.

15.


a.
Licensee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its parents
 subsidiaries and affiliates
 and each of their respective
principals
 officers
 directors
 employees
 managers and other representatives (including
 without limitation
 Artist) (collectively
&rdquo;)
 from and against any and all liabilities
 damages
 claims
 demands
 causes of action
judgments
 costs and expenses (including
 without limitation
 attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs) based upon
 arising out of or related
to:



    
i.
    
Licensee&rsquo;s
    manufacture
 distribution
 shipment
 labeling
 advertising
 promotion
 offering for sale and/or sale of Authorized Products
    and/or the promotional and packaging material therefor; 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    use of the Authorized Products by any third party; 

    
    
    

    
iii.
    
any
    claims based upon any defect or health hazard in any Authorized Product
 including
 without limitation
 claims for death
    personal injury or other bodily injury; 

    
    
    

    
iv.
    
any
    product liability claims; 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    actual or alleged violation of law (including
 without limitation
 pertaining to charitable sales
 promotions and contributions
    false and unfair advertising
 trade label
 tortious interference with contract
 breach of contract
 misappropriation of third
    party proprietary information and unfair trade practices) arising out of or related to the manufacturing
 distributing
 sale
    marketing
 promotion and/or advertising of the Authorized Products and/or the payment and/or calculation of the [****] and/or
    Minimum Jr Promotional Allowance; 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    breach by Licensee of this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 any of Licensee&rsquo;s representations
 warranties or
    covenants set forth in this Agreement; and 

    
    
    

    
    
any
    infringement by the Authorized Products (or any aspect or component thereof) upon the intellectual property or proprietary
    rights of any third party (or any misappropriation of such rights)
 except to the extent that such claim is based upon the
    use of the Authorized Trademark strictly in accordance with this Agreement. 



    
    


b.
Licensee shall promptly notify Licensor of any action
 suit
 claim
 demand
 inquiry or investigation to which the foregoing indemnification
applies. If any Licensor Indemnitee is or may be named in any such action
 suit
 claim
 demand
 inquiry or investigation
 such
Licensor Indemnitee shall be permitted (but under no circumstances will such Licensor Indemnitee be obligated) to undertake the
defense or settlement thereof at Licensee&rsquo;s sole cost and expense. Each Licensor Indemnitee may
 at any time and without
notice
 agree to any settlement or take any remedial or corrective action it deems to be in its best interests. Each Licensor
Indemnitee shall have the right to require Licensee to defend any such claims and
 in the event that such Licensor Indemnitee
chooses to have Licensee undertake the defense of any claim hereunder
 Licensee shall not settle such claim without Licensor&rsquo;s
prior written consent.

c.
Licensor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its parents
 subsidiaries and affiliates
 and each of their respective
principals
 officers
 directors
 employees
 managers and other representatives (collectively
&rdquo;)
from and against any and all third-party liabilities
 damages
 claims
 demands
 causes of action
 judgments
 costs and expenses
(including
 without limitation
 attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs) based upon
 arising out of
 or related to any claim that the
Authorized Trademark when used in strict accordance herewith and used as approved by Licensor as provided herein infringes the
United States trademark right of any third party.

d.
EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LICENSEE&rsquo;S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 15.a. AND LICENSOR&rsquo;S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 15.c ABOVE
 NEITHER PARTY HERETO WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT
 INCIDENTAL
 CONSEQUENTIAL
PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES
 ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT
 INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS
 BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION
 LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION AND THE LIKE
 EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR&rsquo;S MAXIMUM LIABILITY
 IF ANY

MINIMUM JR PROMOTIONAL ALLOWANCE THEN

16.
. Any notice
 payment or other form of communication
 including any modification of this Agreement
 will be
duly made when personally delivered to the party to be notified
 or when sent by facsimile
 overnight courier (
 FedEx)
or mailed
 return receipt requested
 to the address set forth below or to such other addresses a party may designate by notice
pursuant hereto. Notices
 payments and other forms of communication shall be sent to:



    
To
    Licensor:
RICH
    MARKS
 LLC

    
    
c/o
    Tri Star Sports and Entertainment Group

    
    
11
    Music Circle South

    
    
Nashville
    TN 37203

    
    
    

    
with
    a copy to:
Greenberg
    Traurig LLP

    
    
Terminus
    200

    
    
3333
    Piedmont Road
 NE

    
    
Suite
    2500

    
    
Atlanta
    Georgia 30305

    
    
Attn:
    Jess L. Rosen
 Esq.

    
    
    

    
If
    to Licensee: 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



17.
. THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN ENTERED INTO IN THE STATE OF TENNESSEE
 AND THE VALIDITY
INTERPRETATION AND LEGAL EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TENNESSEE APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS
ENTERED INTO AND PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN THE STATE OF TENNESSEE (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES UNDER
TENNESSEE LAW). THE TENNESSEE COURTS (STATE AND FEDERAL)
 SHALL HAVE SOLE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY CONTROVERSIES REGARDING
THIS AGREEMENT; ANY ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH INVOLVES SUCH A CONTROVERSY SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THOSE COURTS IN NASHVILLE
TENNESSEE AND NOT ELSEWHERE. THE PARTIES WAIVE ANY AND ALL OBJECTIONS TO VENUE IN THOSE COURTS AND HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION
OF THOSE COURTS. ANY PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY
 AMONG OTHER METHODS
 BE SERVED UPON a PARTY BY DELIVERING IT
OR MAILING IT
 BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL OR BY OVERNIGHT COURIER OBTAINING PROOF OF DELIVERY
 DIRECTED TO THE ADDRESS DESCRIBED
IN SECTION 16 ABOVE OR SUCH OTHER ADDRESS AS A PARTY MAY DESIGNATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 16 ABOVE. ANY SUCH DELIVERY OR MAIL SERVICE
SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE THE SAME FORCE AND EFFECT AS PERSONAL SERVICE WITHIN THE STATE OF TENNESSEE.

18.
. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties as to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all proposals or agreements
 oral or written
 and all other communications between the parties
related to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement can be modified only by a written agreement duly signed by the
persons authorized to sign agreements on behalf of Licensee and Licensor
 respectively. Neither party shall have the right to
assign (by operation of law
 merger
 change of control or otherwise)
 transfer or license or sublicense any of its rights hereunder
without the consent of the other party
 which such party may withhold at its sole discretion. If any provision of this Agreement
is adjudged by any court to be void
 illegal or unenforceable
 in whole or in part
 this adjudication shall not affect the remainder
of such provision or the validity and continuation of the remainder of this Agreement. If as a result of such adjudication
 continuation
of this Agreement would be inconsistent with the fundamental intentions of the parties
 the parties shall use reasonable business
efforts to agree on substitute provision(s)
 which
 while valid
 will achieve as closely as possible the same effects as the invalid
provision(s). Neither party shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement. The relationship between Licensor and Licensee hereunder
shall at all times be that of independent contractors
 and nothing contained in this Agreement shall render or constitute Licensor
and Licensee joint venturers
 partners
 or agents of each other or allow a party to legally bind the other party with respect
to any third party. Captions contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and do not constitute part of this Agreement.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which is deemed an original
 but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.

19.
. Excepting any truthful statements made by a party pursuant to a court order
 legal proceeding
 or
otherwise required by law
 neither party shall disparage or denigrate the other party or its representatives.

20.


a.
If
 during the Term of this Agreement
 Licensor enters into material discussions with a third party respecting a potential sale
of solely the Authorized Property from Licensor
 Licensor shall inform Licensee of such discussions within ten (10) days of such
discussion. Licensor is not required to disclose the identity of the potential purchaser during these preliminary discussions.
Except for those termination rights contained herein
 Licensor may not terminate this Agreement while it is negotiating a sale
of the Authorized Property with a potential purchaser.


    
    




b.
In the event that Licensor shall at any time during the Term of this Agreement receive a bona-fide
 signed

Offer
 Licensor
shall submit a redacted copy of such Purchase Offer to Licensee within [****] from the date Licensor receives the Purchase Offer.
Licensee shall have the right
 exercisable by written notice to Licensor within [****] form the date of delivery of the Purchase
Offer to Licensee
 to purchase such rights and interests for the same price and on the same terms and conditions as are contained
in the Purchase Offer. If Licensee does not exercise the above-described right of first refusal by delivering written notice and
an offer to purchase in the same form and upon the same terms and conditions as are contained in the Purchase Offer within such
&rdquo;)
 Licensor may complete the sale to such potential purchaser pursuant in
substantial occurrence with the terms of the Purchase Offer
 provided that if the sale to the potential purchaser is not completed
in substantial accordance with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Offer
 or if there is a material change to the terms of
the Purchaser Offer
 Licensee shall again have the right of first refusal provided herein under the new terms of the offer.

c.
IP


i.
to remit to Licensee
 Sale
 fifty percent (50%) of those
out-of-pocket marketing expenses (and
 for avoidance of doubt
 not in respect of payments of [****]s) approved by Licensor in
each case in writing which were expended by Licensee solely in promoting the Distilled Spirits Products hereunder as of the consummation
 Sale (collectively
 the &ldquo;

ii.
to remit to Licensee
 Sale (or in the event that not
 Sale
 when and as such compensation
is actually received by Licensor)
Exhibit
&rdquo;) of the
Net Purchase Price (as defined below)
 Sale.


 escrows
 Reimbursements and costs
 expenses
 taxes and the like
paid or owing to any unaffiliated third party as part of
 or in connection with
 or paid to a third-party respecting indemnification
claims made by the purchaser
&rdquo;).
Further
 in the event that the foregoing purchase and sale also contemplates the sale of any other intellectual property owned
and/or held by Licensor and/or Artist
 directly or indirectly (e.g.
 &ldquo;REDNECK RIVIERA&rdquo; in IC 25)
 then only that part
of the Net Purchase Price applicable to the Authorized Property actively under license hereunder (e.g.
 the Initial Products only
if Licensee is manufacturing and causing the active distribution of same at the time of such purchase and sale) shall be considered
in computing the Sales Bonus hereunder. Subject to the foregoing
 the Sales Bonus will be calculated by applying the Applicable
Percentage on a percentage basis
 and adding all of the relevant tiers together. For instance
 below are examples of possible
Sales Bonus amounts:



Net
    Purchase Price
    
Sales
    Bonus
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


iii.
. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary


 Licensee shall only and solely be entitled to the Marketing
Reimbursement (and not for avoidance of doubt
 Licensee shall not be entitled to any Sales Bonus or other amount).


    
    



21.


a.
. Any and all designs
 logos
 depictions
 graphic representations and/or other creative renderings incorporating
depicting and/or embodying any one or more elements of the Authorized Property
 in any and all media now known or hereafter invented
including modifications to the Authorized Property in any media now or hereafter invented (including
 specifically all elements
of the Brand Intellectual Property) (collectively
&rdquo;)
 and all rights
 including all copyrights and
trademark rights in and to the Materials
 shall be solely and exclusively owned by Licensor. Without limiting the foregoing
 Licensor
acknowledges and confirms that all of its services in connection with the creation of the Materials are and shall be rendered
for
 at the instigation and under the overall direction and supervision of Licensor
 and the Materials is and at all times shall
be regarded as a &ldquo;work made for hire&rdquo; (as that term is used in the U.S. Copyright Act
 17 U.S.C. &sect; 101

&rdquo;)) by Licensee for Licensor. Without limiting the acknowledgment contained in the previous
sentence
 Licensor hereby assigns
 grants and delivers (and hereby further agrees to assign
 grant and deliver) exclusively unto
Licensor all rights
 title and interests of every kind and nature whatsoever in and to the Materials and all copies and versions
thereof
 including all copyrights therein and thereto and all renewals thereof. Licensee further agrees to execute and deliver
to Licensor
 its successors and assigns
 such other and further instruments and documents as Licensor reasonably may request for
the purpose of establishing
 evidencing and enforcing or defending its complete
 exclusive
 perpetual and worldwide ownership
of all rights
 title and interests of every kind and nature whatsoever
 including all copyrights
 in and to the Materials
 and
Licensee hereby constitutes and appoints Licensor as their respective agent and attorney-in-fact
 with full power of substitution
to execute and deliver such documents or instruments as they may respectively fail or refuse to execute and deliver within ten
(10) days (or such shorter period as designated by Licensor if reasonably necessary)
 this power and agency being coupled with
an interest and being irrevocable. Licensee covenants
 warrants and represents that the Materials will not violate or infringe
any copyright of any person
 firm or corporation
 and each has and will order
 commission or otherwise obtain or receive from
any other person (other than an &ldquo;employee&rdquo; working &ldquo;within the scope of employment&rdquo; (as those terms are
understood under the Act)) any work on or contribution to the Materials without obtaining a valid and binding work-for-hire and/or
assignment agreement in a form approved in advance by Licensor.

b.
. Any and all Materials shall be sent to Licensor at no cost and prepaid at Licensor&rsquo;s request
not later than thirty (30) days following the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for any reason.

c.
. For avoidance of doubt
 as between the parties hereto
 Licensor shall own all modifications
 adjustments
 changes
variations
 revisions
 adaptations and/or alterations to any element of the Authorized Property and any/and all derivations and
derivative works thereof (collectively
&rdquo;) and any act or action by or for Licensee shall not
convert such Authorized Property and/or Modifications into Licensee property.

22.


a.
. Licensee shall throughout the Term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter
 obtain
and maintain at its own cost and expense that general liability and product liability insurance acceptable to Licensor. Such policy
must be written with a licensed insurance company with a Best&rsquo;s rating of not less than A-VIII and
 with respect to each
policy name Licensor and Artist as an additional named insured. Each policy shall provide for ten (10) days&rsquo; notice to Licensor
from the insurer by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 in the event of any modification
 cancellation or
termination of such insurance. Licensee agrees to furnish Licensor certificates of insurance evidencing same within thirty (30)
days after execution of this Agreement.

b.
. Licensee shall throughout the Term of this Agreement obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense
that errors and omissions insurance acceptable to Licensor. Such policy must be written with a licensed insurance company with
a Best&rsquo;s rating of not less than A-VIII and shall specifically name by endorsement to the policy Licensor and Artist as
an additional named insured. The amount of coverage shall be for a minimum mutually agreed upon commercially reasonable amount.
The policy shall provide for ten (10) days&rsquo; notice to Licensor from the insurer by registered or certified mail
 return
receipt requested
 in the event of any modification
 cancellation or termination of the insurance. Licensee agrees to furnish
Licensor certificates of insurance evidencing same within thirty (30) days after execution of this Agreement.


    
    



23.
 Licensee acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Agreement

Intellectual Property 
cause irreparable injury to Licensor for which the remedy at law may be inadequate and would be difficult to ascertain. Therefore
in the event of the breach of threatened breach of any such covenants by Licensee
 Licensor shall be entitled
 in addition to
any other rights and remedies it may have at law or in equity
 to an injunction to restrain Licensee from any threatened or actual
activities in violation of any such covenants. Licensee hereby consents and agrees that temporary and permanent injunctive relief
may be granted in any proceedings which might be brought to enforce any such covenants without the necessity of proving of actual
damages or posting a bond
 and in the event Licensor does apply for such an injunction
 Licensee shall not raise as a defense
thereto that the Licensor has an adequate remedy at law.

24.


25.
To further protect the integrity and value of the Authorized Property
 Licensee (i) agrees that
the Distilled Spirits Products shall be manufactured

Production Facilities
 color
 and bouquet) to
the specifications and quality standards as mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto
 and (ii) represents
 warrants and covenants
that the Distilled Spirits Products shall be merchantable and fit for human consumption. Additionally
 Licensee represents
 warrants
and covenants at all times during the Term that the Distilled Spirits Products manufactured
 bottled and shipped by Licensee hereunder
will be free from defects and will not be adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the United States Federal Food
 Drug
and Cosmetic Act
 (any federal alcohol regulation promulgated by the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau or its predecessor
&rdquo;)
 or state alcohol commission regulation
 or within the meaning of any state
or other food
 alcohol or drug law) and that such Distilled Spirits Products will be processed
 bottled
 packaged
 labeled
 stored
transported
 packed and shipped in compliance with all other applicable U.S. federal
 state
 and local laws
 rules
 and regulation.
Licensee shall obtain all necessary permits
 approvals and licenses necessary or appropriate to perform its obligations hereunder
(including
 without limitation the bottling
 labeling
 distribution and sale of the Authorized Products) and shall at all times
comply with the terms and conditions of such permits
 approvals and licenses. Moreover
 Licensee represents
 warrants and covenants
at all time during the Term
 it will not use any ingredients in the Distilled Spirits Products that are not in compliance with
any food
 health and safety laws or regulations. Licensee shall permit inspection of the Distilled Spirits Products and the Approved
Production Facilities upon reasonable notice solely for determination of compliance with the terms hereof. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary
 if Licensor determines that any Distilled Spirit Product is not in strict compliance with the
provisions of this Section 25
 it shall send written notice of same to Licensee and Licensee shall have thirty (30) days from
the date of receipt of such notice to cure such failure and any failure to fully do so within such thirty day period shall give
Licensor the right to immediately terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Licensee.

[Signature
on Next Page.]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.



RICH
    MARKS
 LLC 
    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC. 

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(authorized
    signatory)
    
    
(authorized
    signatory)

Print
    name:
    
    
Print
    name:
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



Exhibit
A

Distribution
Channels



    
Online
    &ndash; solely in the Territory

    
Distributors
    &ndash; solely in the Territory

    
Retail
    stores &ndash; solely in the Territory 

    
State
    liquor stores (e.g. ABC Stores) &ndash; solely in the Territory

    
Direct-to-Consumer
    (where permitted) &ndash; solely in the Territory 



    
    


Exhibit
B

Annual
Case Objective (Contract Years [




    
Initial
    Products
    
    

    
    
    
    

Year
    1
    
    
    

Year
    2
    
    
    


Minimum
JR Promotional Allowance



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    


Exhibit
C

Applicable
Percentages



Bonus
    Amount Tier of Net Purchase Price
Applicable
    Percentage

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    



Exhibit
D

U.S.
Federal Registration for REDNECK RIVIERA
 International Class 33
 Serial Number 86976840.


    
    


Exhibit
E

[[****]]
Per Case (12x 750 mL bottles / 24x 375 mL bottles
 or equivalent) Invoiced




Retail
    Price Points
    
    
    

    
[[****]]
        Per Case
    
    
    






    
    
















     







    
No.
    ___


EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.
8%
PROMISSORY NOTE



December
    29
 2017
Portland
    Oregon


1.
 For value received
 and subject to the terms hereof
 EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.
 a Nevada corporation
 whose address
is 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 OR 97214 (&ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;)
 hereby promises to pay to the order of ____________________________
whose address is _______________________________________(&ldquo;Payee&rdquo;)
 the principal amount of _________________________________
($______.00) under the terms and conditions set forth in this Note. The loan represented by this Note (the &ldquo;Loan&rdquo;)
was incurred in connection with the purchase from MGP Ingredients
 Inc. by Borrower of the whiskey barrels
 the purchase price
for which was paid by Payee either directly to the supplier on behalf of Borrower or to Borrower for the exclusive purpose of
purchasing barrels.

2.
. The principal amount of this Note shall be repaid in full
 together with any and all accrued and unpaid
interest on June 30
 2019 or (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).

3.
. Interest shall accrue from the date hereof on any unpaid principal balance of this Note at the rate
of eight percent (8%) per annum. All interest will be paid monthly in arrears and shall be paid on the last business day of each
month.

4.
. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs
2 and 3 hereof
 in the event Borrower closes a private or public offering of the its equity or debt securities in which the gross
amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
 all amount due under this Note shall
become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash
repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Payee
 the principal amount due
and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.

5.
. Any and all amounts payable by Borrower to Payee hereunder shall be made in immediately available funds
and shall be paid at the address for such Payee as set forth in the Agreement
 or at such other address of which Payee shall give
written notice to Borrower.

6.
. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder
(&ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;):

(a)
Failure of Borrower to pay the principal of or interest on this Note
 when and as the same shall become due and payable and
such failure continues unremedied for fifteen (15) days;

(b)
The material default
 breach or violation of Borrower in the performance or observance of any of the other covenants
agreements or conditions of Borrower contained in this Note and such material default
 breach or violation continues
unremedied for a period of fifteen (15) days following written notice from Payee to Borrower; or

(c)
Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement
 statement or certificate given in writing
pursuant hereto or in connection herewith
 shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of
which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Payee with respect to this
Note or its security interest in the whiskey barrels.


    
    



6.
. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder
 in addition to all other rights
 remedies and powers of
Payee under this Note or otherwise available at law or in equity
 Payee may
 at its option
 without notice
 declare the outstanding
principal balance and interest immediately due and payable in full without further notice to or demand on Borrower of any kind
including without limitation
 presentment
 demand or notice of demand
 protest or notice of protest
 notice of nonpayment or dishonor
and all other notices or communications in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance
 default or enforcement of payment
of this Note
 all of which are hereby waived by Borrower. Borrower also hereby waives all notice or right of approval of any extensions
renewals
 modifications or forbearances which may be allowed.

7.
. Any notices or communications required or permitted to be given by this Note must be (i) given in writing and
(ii) personally delivered or mailed
 by prepaid
 certified mail or overnight courier
 or transmitted by facsimile or electronic
mail transmission (including PDF)
 to the party to whom such notice or communication is directed
 to the mailing address or regularly-monitored
electronic mail address of such party as follows:



    
If
    to Borrower:
    

    
    
    

    
Eastside
    Distilling
 Inc.
    

    
1001
    SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
    

    
Portland
    OR 97214
    

    
Attn:
    Chief Financial Officer
    

    
Telephone:
    (971) 888-4264
    

    
Fax:
    (866) 554-0271
    

    
Email:
    sshum@eastsidedistilling.com
    

    
    
    

    
If
    to Payee:
    

    
    
    

    
The
    Grover T. Wickersham
 P.C. Employee Profit Sharing Plan
    

    
430
    Cambridge Avenue
 Suite 100
    

    
Palo
    Alto
 CA 94306
    

    
Attn:
    Ann McCoid
    

    
Telephone:
    (650) 323-6400
    

    
Fax:
    (650) 323-1108
    

    
Email:
    ann@wickersham.com
    


Any
such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given on (i) the day such notice or communication is personally delivered
(ii) three (3) days after such notice or communication is mailed by prepaid certified or registered mail
 (iii) one (1) working
day after such notice or communication is sent by overnight courier
 or (iv) the day such notice or communication is faxed or
sent electronically
 provided that the sender has received a confirmation of such fax or electronic transmission. A party may
for purposes of this Note
 change its address
 fax number
 email address or the person to whom a notice or other communication
is marked to the attention of
 by giving notice of such change to the other party pursuant to this Section 7.

8.
. If any interest payment due hereunder is determined to be in excess of the then legal maximum
rate
 then that portion of each interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then legal maximum rate shall instead
be deemed a payment of principal and applied against the principal of the obligations evidenced by this Note.


    
    



9.
. This Note may be amended
 modified or supplemented by the parties hereto
 provided that any such
amendment
 modification or supplement shall be in writing and signed by both Borrower and Payee. No waiver with respect to this
Note shall be enforceable against Payee unless in writing and signed by Payee. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein
no failure to exercise
 delay in exercising
 or single or partial exercise of any right
 power or remedy by Payee
 and no course
of dealing between the parties
 shall constitute a waiver of
 or shall preclude any other or further exercise of the same or any
other right
 power or remedy.

10.
. This Note shall be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Borrower
shall not in any manner assign any of its rights or obligations under this Note without the express prior written consent of the
holder of this Note.

11.
. If any provision of this Note is construed to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 then the remaining provisions
hereof shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforceable without regard thereto.

12.
. The section and subsections headings in this Note are for convenience of reference only
 do not constitute
a part of this Note and shall not affect its interpretation.

13.
. This Note is made under
 and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
 the laws of the State
of Oregon applicable to agreements made and to be performed solely therein
 without giving effect to principles of conflicts of
law. EACH OF THE PARTIES (A) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF OREGON
 IN ANY AND ALL ACTIONS
BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES
 WHETHER ARISING HEREUNDER OR OTHERWISE
 (B) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY SUCH ACTION
 AND (C) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY FIRST CLASS CERTIFIED MAIL
 RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED
POSTAGE PREPAID
 TO THE ADDRESS AT WHICH SUCH PARTY IS TO RECEIVE NOTICE PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT.

14.
. Borrower agrees to reimburse Payee for its out-of-pocket expenses
 including the fees and expenses
of its counsel
 in connection with the enforcement of this Note.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 and intending to be legally bound hereby
 Borrower has caused this Note to be executed by its duly authorized
officer as of the day and year first above written.



    
    

    
    
    

    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Steven
    M. Shum

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    
























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    


    
    

    

    
    

    
    


    

    
    

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    

667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets and liabilities acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - customer list and license&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;376
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(179
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377


096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;134
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-controlling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total value of acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets and liabilities acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash (overdraft)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - license&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;193
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(52
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(172
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149


 2017 and December 31

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;407
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;547
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 2.74%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $100 through December 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &amp;#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;927
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
101
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
495
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;564
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(293
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less debt discount for detachable warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(131
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
161
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427


 2017

726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
254
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;947
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
495


794
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
774
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(348
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(344
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
142
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
118


489
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
557
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;213
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
052
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
771
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(70
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(70
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
960
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
700


 December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
542
504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
699
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
813
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
132
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
132
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
780
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for services by third parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;110
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for services by employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock option exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares issued for payoff of long-term notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cumulative dividend on Series A preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common shares issued for preferred conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(250
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;235
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net profit attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
889
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
223
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(18
090
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
132
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
148



 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;142
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;173
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;369
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;151




009
443
 based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public&#13;offering warrants


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;846
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.77 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Twelve months ended December 31
 2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
892
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.24 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(40
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.00 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(74
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.00 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
623
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.62 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018 or June 30


 2018 or June 30










 2020 &#150; September 30


 2020 &#150; September 30





    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    





    

    


    

    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    


    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including bourbon
 American&#13;whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike other distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon to market our brands directly&#13;to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and expand selectively to other markets
&#13;using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known spirit branding firm&#13;that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners subsequently became&#13;an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
 during 2017
 we&#13;created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&amp;#8220;RRW&amp;#8221;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
 of the duo &amp;#8220;Big&#13;&amp;#38; Rich.&amp;#8221; Supported by John Rich&amp;#8217;s marketing efforts

&#13;international spirits marketplace populated with massive conglomerates
 we seek to turn our small size from a disadvantage into&#13;an advantage. As RRW demonstrates
 our team can work with Sandstrom Partners to develop and launch new brands exponentially faster&#13;than multi-billion dollar conglomerates that typically acquire innovators rather than innovate themselves. We believe that Canadian&#13;whiskeys&amp;#8217; dominance of the light whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting&#13;that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out&#13;in less than nine months. We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our products
 for example
 our Coffee Rum with cold&#13;brew coffee and low sugar and our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value&#13;than comparable spirits
 for example our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that&#13;offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum

 we&#13;have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions. In May 2017
 we used&#13;our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&amp;#8220;BBD&amp;#8221;)
 known for its excellent
 award winning super- premium gins&#13;and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&amp;#8217;s&#13;super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &amp;#8220;high end&amp;#8221; of the market. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery&#13;(&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 we also provide contract bottling and packaging&#13;services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill spirits. During 2018
 we&#13;intend to use our &amp;#8220;slim line&amp;#8221; canning equipment
 newly installed at MotherLode

 Washington
 California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
&#13;Connecticut
 Georgia
 Rhode Island
 Idaho
 Maryland
 West Virginia
 Wyoming
 North Carolina
 Louisiana
 Tennessee
 Mississippi
&#13;South Dakota
 Kansas and Alaska) as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
&#13;private parties


 the Company has funded&#13;its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For the years ended December&#13;31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 million each year and has an accumulated deficit of approximately&#13;$18.1 million as of December 31
 2017. The Company has been dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet&#13;its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2017

 2017
 the Company&#13;has approximately $2.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $5.7 million. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to&#13;meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
&#13;improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to improve profitability
 reduce certain expenses&#13;and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2018
 the Company raised an additional $1.9 million in cash through a debt&#13;offering and the exercise of previously issued warrants (see Note 15
 Subsequent Events).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management believes that&#13;cash on hand


 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and majority-owned subsidiary BBD (beginning as of May 1

 marketing&#13;and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief&#13;executive officer and chief financial officer


 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related&#13;merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment&#13;or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations


&#13;which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol&#13;beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain&#13;competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue&#13;or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments&#13;and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975 and $136
786 in years 2017 and&#13;2016


 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
&#13;special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses&#13;for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs&#13;are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $2
219
168 and $1
244
152 in years 2017 and 2016

 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound&#13;freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


 2017
 two customers&#13;represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016

 establishes&#13;a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to&#13;choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2017 and December&#13;31
 2016

 whereas Level 3
 if&#13;applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2017 and 2016. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information&#13;about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.&#13;At December 31
 2017 and 2016

&#13;which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent distributors&#13;on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs&#13;for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand and production&#13;requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no&#13;write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31

 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line&#13;method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets

 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
&#13;management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the&#13;use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an&#13;impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss&#13;of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery

 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
&#13;management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the&#13;use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset

 deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets&#13;to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2017 and 2016

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and&#13;for the years ended December 31

 2017 and 2016

 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance&#13;audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its&#13;excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $997
410&#13;and $797
435 in years 2017 and 2016

 which is generally the same as the&#13;vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair&#13;value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected&#13;terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are&#13;recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards&#13;vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in fiscal years 2017 and 2016

 we terminated our&#13;previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables&#13;in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were&#13;charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
&#13;any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability&#13;until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices&#13;during 2017. At December 31
 2017
 we had no factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring&#13;program of $63
238 during fiscal year 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and&#13;received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees&#13;associated with the factoring program of $48

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standard Boards (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation&#13;(Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects&#13;of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory&#13;tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt; Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting&#13;is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting&#13;model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback&#13;transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with&#13;a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity).&#13;Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors&#13;(for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing&#13;at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance.&#13;Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount&#13;that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use&#13;more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each&#13;prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial&#13;statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying&#13;ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained&#13;earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the&#13;Effective Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning&#13;December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;. The new guidance explicitly requires that management&#13;assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is&#13;effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. We have adopted&#13;as of December 31

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2015-11
 &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11 is part of the FASB&amp;#8217;s initiative&#13;to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower&#13;of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable&#13;predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning&#13;January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt&#13;liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03&#13;is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early&#13;adopted as of December 31





 2017
 the Company completed&#13;the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;)
 a small Portland
 Oregon-based provider of bottling&#13;services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal&#13;2017 include MotherLode&amp;#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with&#13;ASC 805 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations&amp;#8221;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed&#13;based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. MotherLode had approximately $375

667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets and liabilities acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;103
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - customer list and license&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;376
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(179
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377

 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the customer list intangible&#13;asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earning&#13;methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&amp;#8217;s&#13;estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital&#13;for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates


 2017
 the Company acquired 90% of&#13;the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&amp;#8220;BBD&amp;#8221;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based distiller of super-premium spirits.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include BBD&amp;#8217;s results of operations&#13;from the acquisition date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements&#13;reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations&amp;#8221;
 whereby the purchase&#13;price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.&#13;BBD had approximately $201

096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;134
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-controlling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total value of acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets and liabilities acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash (overdraft)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - license&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;193
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(52
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(172
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;149

 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the license intangible asset&#13;was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized. For the year&#13;ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218


755
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;439
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;295
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;340
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
051
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;780


088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;49
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;372
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;804
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;152
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(76
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(52
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;728
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99

253 and $21
991 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


 2016. At December 31
 2017

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 63%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permits and licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353

764 and nil&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016


 2017 and December 31

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;407
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;547
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 2.74%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $100 through December 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &amp;#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;927
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
101
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
495
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;564
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(293
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less debt discount for detachable warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(131
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
161
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;427

 2017

726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
254
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;947
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
495


794
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
774
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(348
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(344
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
142
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
118

489
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
557
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;213
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
052
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
771
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(70
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(70
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
960
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
700

 2017
 the Company&#13;has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $14 million
 to offset against future income for federal&#13;and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs&#13;begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards&#13;may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue code of 1986 and similar&#13;state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate change in ownership of certain&#13;significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &amp;#8220;Section 382 ownership change&amp;#8221;)

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the&#13;deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future&#13;taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability&#13;of the deferred tax assets


 warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at various dates&#13;through March 2021. Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $6
400 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which&#13;contain fixed escalations in rental payments

&#13;2017

289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;424

000 and $416
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016

 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary&#13;course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve


 without considering any dilutive&#13;items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares&#13;outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities&#13;consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities&#13;are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss available to common shareholders (numerator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
251
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares (denominator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
717
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
247


 December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
542
504&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
699
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
813
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
132
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
132
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
780
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
669
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for services by third parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;110
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;479
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for services by employees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
649&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;253
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock option exercises&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
455&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares issued for payoff of long-term notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;120
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cumulative dividend on Series A preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common shares issued for preferred conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(250
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;235
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net profit attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
889
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
223
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(18
090
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
132
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
148

 2016
 and the 3-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock effected on June 15

 the Company issued&#13;18
371 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351. The shares were valued using&#13;the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued&#13;32
000 shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to a claw-back provision tied to specific&#13;performance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued&#13;14
384 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted&#13;of $52

 the Company issued&#13;14
760 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221. The shares were valued using&#13;the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued&#13;83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount converted&#13;of $500

 the Company issued&#13;5
209 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing&#13;share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company completed&#13;an underwritten public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase&#13;up to an aggregate of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &amp;#8220;Unit&amp;#8221;) at a public offering price of $4.50 per&#13;Unit. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will expire five years from the date&#13;of issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting underwriting discounts and&#13;commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional&#13;180
000 Units to cover over-allotments
 that resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company of $810
000

 the Company issued 2
716&#13;shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which were fully vested upon issuance. The&#13;shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company completed&#13;the acquisition of a majority stake in BBD. We issued 28
096 shares of common stock to the owners of BBD as consideration for 90%&#13;of the BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80 on May 1
 2017
 the value of the transaction&#13;was $134
858. Issuance costs incurred were $14

 the independent directors
&#13;Messrs. Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 respectively
 each exercised 4

 the Company issued&#13;50
335 shares of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using&#13;the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company approved&#13;a restricted stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Grover Wickersham.&#13;The grant vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10

 the Company issued&#13;16

 the Company issued&#13;83

 the Company issued&#13;22
436 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted&#13;of $87

 2017
 the Company completed&#13;the acquisition of MotherLode. We issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition.&#13;Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000. Issuance&#13;costs incurred were $5

 the Company issued&#13;575 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2

 the Company issued&#13;19
796 shares of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the&#13;closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 2017 to June 2
 2017
&#13;the Company issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
 including 400

 2017 through February&#13;16
 2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares for aggregate cash proceeds of&#13;$159

 2017 to January 22
&#13;2017
 the Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90 per share for aggregate cash proceeds&#13;of $58

 2016
&#13;the Company issued 63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $153
996. Additionally
 the Company&#13;had $220
691 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees and vested during the year ended&#13;December 31

 2016
&#13;the Company issued 115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered and trade&#13;debt totaling $284

 the Company issued&#13;800
000 shares of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800

 the Company issued&#13;564
781 shares of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734

 the Company issued&#13;886
538 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted&#13;of $1
152

 the Company issued&#13;531

 the Company issued 12
802&#13;shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due at June 30

 2016 to June 22
 2016
&#13;the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants for common stock
 net of issuance&#13;costs of $23

 2016 to June 3
 2016
&#13;the Company issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory note. The aggregate principal&#13;amount of this note that was converted was $196

 2016 to June 17
 2016
&#13;the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred&amp;#8221;) for an aggregate purchase&#13;price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers&#13;in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation of $50
000&#13;of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69

000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock (the &amp;#8220;Common&#13;Stock&amp;#8221;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred accrue dividends at a rate&#13;of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&amp;#8217;s option either in cash or &amp;#8220;in&#13;kind&amp;#8221; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which&#13;the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year)&#13;of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefore. For &amp;#8216;in-kind&amp;#8221;&#13;dividends

 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive&#13;its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1

 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal&#13;to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of&#13;Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied&#13;by (y) 2.5 (the &amp;#8220;Total Series A Votes&amp;#8221;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion&#13;of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders of Series A&#13;Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights

 2017

 2016
 the Company&#13;adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2016 Plan&amp;#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either&#13;stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan is 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017
 the number&#13;of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On October 18
&#13;2017
 the Board of Directors (the &amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares&#13;of the common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &amp;#8220;Aggregate Limit&amp;#8221;) by an additional 192
861 shares&#13;of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be&#13;granted to any participant pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights under the 2016 Plan in any&#13;one year period (the &amp;#8220;Individual Option Limit&amp;#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii) increase the number of shares&#13;of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &amp;#8220;Individual Award Limit&amp;#8221;) under&#13;the 2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number of shares of common stock&#13;that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance compensation awards&#13;under the 2016 Plan (the &amp;#8220;Individual Performance Award Limit&amp;#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 which amendments&#13;were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall&#13;not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
&#13;2017
 there were 354
422 options and 125
146 restricted stock units (&amp;#8220;RSUs&amp;#8221;) issued under the 2016 Plan

 2015
 the Company adopted&#13;the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation&#13;stock under the 2015 Plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall not&#13;be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
 2017
&#13;there were 14
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first&#13;year
 starting 6-months after the grant date

 from time&#13;to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2017


 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;142
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;108.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;173
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;369
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;151

 2017 was $28

 2017
 there were&#13;234
375 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $698
943. The unvested options will vest in accordance with&#13;the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.&#13;The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2017 was $23
910. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 100



 2017 was $2.94. The aggregate grant date fair&#13;value of the 243
667 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $566

 2017
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $445
032. At December 31
 2017
 the total compensation cost related&#13;to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $796
993

 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
019 common stock warrants in connection with the purchase of 400
019&#13;shares of common stock
 1
380
000 common stock warrants in connection with the August 2017 public offering
 and 112
000 common&#13;stock warrants to six consultants. The Company has determined the warrants should be classified as equity on the condensed consolidated&#13;balance sheet as of December 31
 2017. The estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was $2
009
443
 based on a combination&#13;of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering warrants

834 warrants were exercised during the twelve months&#13;ended December 31
 2017 for cash proceeds of $159

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;846
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.77 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Twelve months ended December 31
 2017:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
892
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.24 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(40
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.00 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(74
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.00 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
623
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.62 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54


 2016 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average&#13;of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person has or will have a direct&#13;or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation

 2016
 Steven Earles
&#13;our former chief executive officer
 purchased 185 units in an offering of units consisting of shares of our series A convertible&#13;preferred stock and warrants to purchase common stock (our &amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering&amp;#8221;) in&#13;consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Each unit consisted of one share of series A convertible preferred stock&#13;and one warrant to purchase 223 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. Steven Shum
 our chief financial&#13;officer
 purchased 97 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and&#13;unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel
 our former chief marketing officer
 director and secretary
 purchased 58 Units in the Series A Preferred&#13;Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles
 our chief branding officer&#13;and wife of Steven Earles
 purchased 83 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $83
000&#13;in accrued and unpaid salary. These issuances were unanimously approved by our Board
 including all disinterested directors. Effective&#13;November 4
 2016
 we entered into an agreement with Mr. Earles
 the Company&amp;#8217;s former chief executive officer
 pursuant to&#13;which Mr. Earles agreed to convert 185 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s series A convertible preferred stock into 41
111 shares of&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and to cancel his warrant to purchase 41

 2016
 pursuant to a subscription&#13;agreement executed by the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&amp;#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&amp;#8220;PSP&amp;#8221;) for which Mr. Wickersham&#13;serves as trustee
 the PSP purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 83
334 units
 each unit consisting of one share of&#13;common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (collectively with the common stock
 the &amp;#8220;Common Stock Units&amp;#8221;) at&#13;a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250

 2016
 pursuant to a subscription&#13;agreement executed by Grover T. Wickersham
 Mr. Wickersham directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 38
334 Common&#13;Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit for a total purchase price of $115
000. On December 30
 Mr. Wickersham&#13;assigned 24
680 of his warrants to a related and un-related party. He also voluntarily canceled 8

 2016
 pursuant to a subscription&#13;agreement executed by an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated minor for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee&#13;(&amp;#8220;Education Trust&amp;#8221;)
 the Education Trust purchased in a private placement 16
667 Common Stock Units at a purchase price&#13;of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $50

 2016
 pursuant to a subscription&#13;agreement executed by the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee (the &amp;#8220;Irrevocable&#13;Trust&amp;#8221;)
 the Irrevocable Trust purchased in a private placement 66
667 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per&#13;Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $200

 2016
 pursuant to a subscription&#13;agreement
 Michael Fleming
 a current director
 directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 8
334 Common Stock Units&#13;at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 each Common Stock Unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant&#13;to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25

 2016
 the PSP purchased&#13;from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for aggregate consideration&#13;of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock at a price of $6.00 per share. On July 7
 2016
 the PSP&#13;purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 20
000 shares&#13;of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On December 30
 2016
 the PSP exercised 43

 2016
 the Grover T. and&#13;Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &amp;#8220;Wickersham Trust&amp;#8221;) purchased an additional Promissory Note&#13;for aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00&#13;per share. On November 21
 2016
 the Wickersham Trust purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $75
000
&#13;along with a warrant to acquire 12
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On December 31
 2016
 the&#13;Wickersham Trust exercised its 20
834 warrants along with an additional 11

 2016
 the Company&amp;#8217;s chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal credit card. These&#13;related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At September 30
 2016
 the balance due to the chief executive&#13;officer was approximately $8
000. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive officer in the amount of $12
500&#13;at September 30
 2016

 2016
 an entity&#13;for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory notes and received 3-year warrants&#13;to purchase 25

 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased&#13;15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year common stock purchase&#13;warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of $59

 2017
 Mr. Wickersham&#13;and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one Public&#13;Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250

 2017
 our Board appointed&#13;Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately. Mr. Peterson is also the President of&#13;Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom&#13;and tasked them with reviewing the Company&amp;#8217;s current product portfolio
 as well as its new ideas
 and advising it with respect&#13;to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom&amp;#8217;s&#13;full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising&#13;as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000&#13;(at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a black-scholes&#13;value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company.&#13;We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40

 2017
 the Grover&#13;T. Wickersham Employees&amp;#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&amp;#8220;PSP&amp;#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at&#13;the rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest is paid monthly. The&#13;note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity or debt securities&#13;in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &amp;#8220;Future Financing&amp;#8221;)
 all amount due&#13;under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu&#13;of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Payee

 2017
 the Grover&#13;T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &amp;#8220;Wickersham Trust&amp;#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note&#13;bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $179
300. Interest&#13;is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity&#13;or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &amp;#8220;Future Financing&amp;#8221;)
&#13;all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing.&#13;In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of&#13;Payee

 it is our current policy that all transactions&#13;between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority&#13;of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it&#13;is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions&#13;and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve&#13;and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situation&#13;on an ongoing basis


 2018
 the Company completed&#13;a private offering of promissory notes and accompanying warrants in which it raised $1
250
000 in gross proceeds. The promissory&#13;notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued&#13;and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. For every $100
000 in principal
 the Company issued to the investor 10
000&#13;common stock purchase warrants
 for a total of 125
000 warrants. The warrants
 which are identical to the warrants that were issued&#13;in the Company&amp;#8217;s public offering that was consummated in August 2017
 are exercisable through August 10
 2022
 unless earlier&#13;redeemed
 at an exercise price of $5.40
 subject to adjustment for stock splits
 reverse splits and other similar recapitalization&#13;events. The Company will have the option to redeem all or a part of the outstanding warrants at any time after the closing price&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds $7.65 for five consecutive trading days. In electing to redeem the warrants
 the Company&#13;will provide 30 days&amp;#8217; notice of the redemption date
 during which time the holders of outstanding warrants will have the&#13;opportunity to exercise their warrants at the exercise price then in effect. Any warrants remaining outstanding at the close of&#13;business on the 30th day of the notice period will be redeemed at a price of $0.15 per warrant
 after which

 2018 and March 25
&#13;2018
 the Company received an aggregate of $680
400 upon exercise of a total of 126
000 common stock purchase warrants that were&#13;sold in the Company&amp;#8217;s August 2017 public offering. As of April 2
 2018
 there remains outstanding 1
254
000 warrants sold&#13;in the public offering
 in addition to the 125

&#13;we issued a total of 29
025 shares
 which included 16
500 shares to multiple employees as additional compensation
 10
025 shares&#13;to our partner
 Sandstrom Partners
 as part of their branding work on our products
 and 2


755
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;439
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;295
805&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;340
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
051
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;780


088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;49
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;372
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;804
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;152
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(76
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(52
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;728
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;99


 2016. At December 31
 2017

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 63%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permits and licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353


&#13;2017

289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;137
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;424


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss available to common shareholders (numerator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
277
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
251
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average shares (denominator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
717
956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
247

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

 2017 and 2016. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual information presented&#13;elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&amp;#8217;s opinion

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;612
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;605
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;618
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;775
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;289
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;210
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;242
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(901
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
289
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
411
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
675

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;463
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;504
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;607
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;207
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
014
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
309
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
436
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
438


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;612
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;605
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;618
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;775
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;289
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;210
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;242
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(901
818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
289
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
411
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
675

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;463
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;504
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;607
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;207
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;147
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
014
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
309
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
436
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
438

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    




    

 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefore. For &#145;in-kind&#148; dividends


 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1

    
    

 starting 6-months after the grant date

    
    

 the Company will provide 30 days&#146; notice of the redemption date
 during which time the holders of outstanding warrants will have the opportunity to exercise their warrants at the exercise price then in effect. Any warrants remaining outstanding at the close of business on the 30th day of the notice period will be redeemed at a price of $0.15 per warrant
 after which


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48

 2017
 the Company&#13;had $285
000 of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its Burnside product line. This amount will&#13;be amortized over a seven year life. Additionally
 there was $40
000 in deposits for the branding services related to the future&#13;release of other product lines. The remaining deposits of $13

 2016
 $48

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;48


 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally&#13;accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
&#13;Inc.&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and majority-owned subsidiary BBD (beginning&#13;as of May 1


 marketing&#13;and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief&#13;executive officer and chief financial officer

    


 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related&#13;merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment&#13;or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations



&#13;which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol&#13;beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain&#13;competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue&#13;or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments&#13;and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975 and $136
786 in years 2017&#13;and 2016



 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
&#13;special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses&#13;for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs&#13;are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $2
219
168 and $1
244
152 in years 2017 and 2016


 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound&#13;freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales

    



 2017
 two customers&#13;represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016


 establishes&#13;a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to&#13;choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2017 and December&#13;31
 2016

 whereas Level 3
 if&#13;applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2017 and 2016. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information&#13;about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.&#13;At December 31
 2017 and 2016


 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent&#13;distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and&#13;records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand&#13;and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company&#13;has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31


 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line&#13;method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of&#13;impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to&#13;result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
&#13;an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of&#13;impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to&#13;result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset


 deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets&#13;to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2017 and 2016

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and&#13;for the years ended December 31


 2017 and 2016


 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance&#13;audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates&#13;its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled&#13;$997
410 and $797
435 in years 2017 and 2016


 which is generally the same as the&#13;vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair&#13;value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected&#13;terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are&#13;recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards&#13;vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in fiscal years 2017 and 2016


 we terminated our&#13;previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables&#13;in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were&#13;charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring&#13;provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as&#13;a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor&#13;any new invoices during 2017. At December 31
 2017
 we had no factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with&#13;the factoring program of $63
238 during fiscal year 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling&#13;$542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and&#13;we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standard Boards (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation&#13;(Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects&#13;of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory&#13;tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt; Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting&#13;is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting&#13;model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback&#13;transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with&#13;a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity).&#13;Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors&#13;(for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing&#13;at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance.&#13;Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount&#13;that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use&#13;more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each&#13;prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial&#13;statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying&#13;ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained&#13;earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the&#13;Effective Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning&#13;December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;. The new guidance explicitly requires that management&#13;assess an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is&#13;effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. We have adopted&#13;as of December 31

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2015-11
 &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11 is part of the FASB&amp;#8217;s initiative&#13;to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower&#13;of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable&#13;predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning&#13;January 1

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized&#13;debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03&#13;is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early&#13;adopted as of December 31
























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 300 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively (liquidation values of $0 and $750
000




 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 4
889
745 and 2
542
504 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      






      


      


      






































      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      

      

      






      







 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323




 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants



      






      






      






      






      



 net of issuance costs of $5




 net of issuance costs of $5
580




 net of issuance costs of $14




 net of issuance costs of $14
400



      






      


      






      

      

      

      









      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively




 net of issuance costs of $69
528



      


      


      


      






      














      


      

      

      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      

      

      


      


      





      


      

      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      




      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      





      






      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      





      





      



 net of issuance costs of $14




 net of issuance costs of $14
400



      






      




      

















































      


      


      


      


      







































































      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      

      


      






      

      

      

      





      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      


      

      

      


 net of issuance costs



 net of issuance costs



 value



 warrant


      




      




      

      


 equity instruments other than options



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 forfeitures



 equity instruments other than options
 aggregate intrinsic value





      

      

      

      





      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 net of issuance costs


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 but is not limited to



 but is not limited to


      

      

      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      





      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      


      



 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge




 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge




 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge




 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge




 for example
 but not limited to



      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 Plant





      

      

      

      

      




      





 Plant and Equipment





      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant








      


 Tax Deferred Expense





      








 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      

      

      


 Value
 Share-based Compensation


      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Apr. 02
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













 Inc.



























  2017



































































001
894



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



044
770























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











586
315


088
066





321


955





051
282


037





749


714





602
667


400
772



Property and equipment
 net

506


216



Intangible assets
 net

668





Goodwill
 net

182







942


000





028
965


547
988












267
189


034





163


702





579


126





726


537





718
657


399





161
760


756





880
417


415
155

















Series A convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 300 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively (liquidation values of $0 and $750
000
 respectively)



838



Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 4
889
745 and 2
542
504 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively








223
435


699
785





090
961)


813
044)



Total Eastside Distilling
 Inc. Stockholders&#8217; Equity

132
963


132
833





585







148
548


132
833





028
965


547
988




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Preferred stock
 liquidation value



000



Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

889
745


542
504



Common stock
 shares outstanding

889
745


542
504

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











791
382


042
527



Less excise taxes
 customer programs and incentives

180
386


221





610
996


108
306





634
069


280
344





927


962










Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

219
168


244
152





546
659


881
771





975







806
802


125
923





829
875)


297
961)



Other income (expense)
 net








053)


468)





989)


190)



Total other expense
 net

042)


658)





277
917)


199
619)












277
917)


199
619)







674)










Net loss attributable to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. common shareholders

277
316)


251
293)












717
956


247
281

































































The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's (Deficit) Equity - 12 months ended Dec. 31
 2017 - USD ($)









Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

838




699
785


813
044)


132
833




132
833



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016



542
504



















498




500




500



Issuance of common stock
 shares



001













Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants





669
401




669
578




669
578



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
 shares



780
019



















246




250




250



Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 shares



834



















903




914




914



Issuance of common stock for services by third parties
 shares



340



















649




655




655



Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares



538



















000




001




001



Stock option exercises
 shares



260










260)









356




356




356



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580





411




420




420



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
 shares



667













Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400





455




458


984


442



Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
 shares



096



















866




878




878



Shares issued for payoff of long-term notes
 shares



154















037








037




037





875)




865




000)




000)



Common shares issued for preferred conversion
 shares



001























































277
917)


277
917)




277
917)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017





223
435


090
961)


132
963


585


132
963



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017



889
745














































Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants shares.




























Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 shares.






















































































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants.



















































































































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Common stock
 issuance costs

120
323



MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]




Common stock
 issuance costs

580



Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]




Common stock
 issuance costs

400









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











277
917)


199
619)












016


991





975







156


750





374









550





309


065







212





356


687







200












858


749)





037
835)


213)





977)


208)





976


498)





485)


762







399





011
741)


954
671)












541







477)


202)





936)


202)












980)







361)





Proceeds from common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively
 with detachable warrants

728
079


451
238



Proceeds from preferred stock
 net of issuance costs of $69
528
 with detachable warrants



572







000





250


216





000)


904)





902)





Proceeds from convertible notes payable
 net of issuance costs

501
840


000







500)



Proceeds from notes payable
 warrants issued - related party



000



Proceeds from notes payable
 warrants issued



405
000



Proceeds from common stock
 with detachable warrants - related party



000





162
926


910
622





498
249


749





088
066


317





586
315


088
066












293


237










Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC

000





Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC

858







137









213







759







000







330







999







148















































































































































































































































Proceeds from common stock
 with detachable warrants - related party.




























Proceeds from notes payable
 warrants issued .



































































































































































































































































The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from long-term debt by a related party. Related parties
 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.

























































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




120
323














120
323


762














528







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including bourbon
 American
whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike other distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon to market our brands directly
to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and expand selectively to other markets
using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known spirit branding firm
that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners subsequently became
an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
 during 2017
 we
created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&#8220;RRW&#8221;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
 of the duo &#8220;Big
&#38; Rich.&#8221; Supported by John Rich&#8217;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern and Gulf States primarily
through Republic National Distributing Company (&#8220;RNDC&#8221;).


international spirits marketplace populated with massive conglomerates
 we seek to turn our small size from a disadvantage into
an advantage. As RRW demonstrates
 our team can work with Sandstrom Partners to develop and launch new brands exponentially faster
than multi-billion dollar conglomerates that typically acquire innovators rather than innovate themselves. We believe that Canadian
whiskeys&#8217; dominance of the light whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting
that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out
in less than nine months. We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our products
 for example
 our Coffee Rum with cold
brew coffee and low sugar and our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value
than comparable spirits
 for example our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that
offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys and Marionberry Whiskey.


 we
have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions. In May 2017
 we used
our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&#8220;BBD&#8221;)
 known for its excellent
 award winning super- premium gins
and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&#8217;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &#8220;high end&#8221; of the market. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery
(&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 we also provide contract bottling and packaging
services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some of whom contract with us to blend or distill spirits. During 2018
 we
intend to use our &#8220;slim line&#8221; canning equipment
 newly installed at MotherLode
 to profit from an emerging consumer
interest in canned wine. We believe our location close to vineyards in Oregon and Washington is a competitive advantage.


in 26 states (Oregon
 Washington
 California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
Connecticut
 Georgia
 Rhode Island
 Idaho
 Maryland
 West Virginia
 Wyoming
 North Carolina
 Louisiana
 Tennessee
 Mississippi
South Dakota
 Kansas and Alaska) as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
private parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
(OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB).



































The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








    
    



 the Company has funded
its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 million each year and has an accumulated deficit of approximately
$18.1 million as of December 31
 2017. The Company has been dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet
its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company raised approximately $9.2
million in cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flow used in operating activities.


 2017
 the Company
has approximately $2.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $5.7 million. The Company&#8217;s ability to
meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to improve profitability
 reduce certain expenses
and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2018
 the Company raised an additional $1.9 million in cash through a debt
offering and the exercise of previously issued warrants (see Note 15
 Subsequent Events).&#160;&#160;Management believes that
cash on hand
 including the most recent capital raised from a debt offering and warrant exercises will be sufficient to meet their
operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve months.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    





statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&#8217;s
wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and majority-owned subsidiary BBD (beginning as of May 1
 2017).
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief
executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&#8217;s operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes
of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.




in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four of the following criteria are
met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii)
the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related
merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment
or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other
than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of
sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed
the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain
competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue
or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments
and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975 and $136
786 in years 2017 and
2016
 respectively.

Advertising
 Promotional and Selling
Expenses


in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses
for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs
are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $2
219
168 and $1
244
152 in years 2017 and 2016
respectively.




of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound
freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs.




shipment of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2017 and 2016.




subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers
represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables.




 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2017 and December
31
 2016
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the &#8220;fair
value option&#8221; provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under
GAAP&#8217;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
    
    



or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2017 and 2016. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.
At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#8217;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed rates and their carrying
value approximates fair value.

Items Measured at Fair
Value on a Nonrecurring Basis


in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.




and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing methodology
which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent distributors
on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs
for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand and production
requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no
write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.




cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss
of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC.




assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.




is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &#8220;asset and liability method&#8221;
for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company established valuation allowances against its
net deferred tax assets.


the &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized
income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would
be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized
income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related tax authorities
for the Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.




other comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance
audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its
excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $997
410
and $797
435 in years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the
related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the
vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair
value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are
recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




 we terminated our
previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables
in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were
charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability
until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices
during 2017. At December 31
 2017
 we had no factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring
program of $63
238 during fiscal year 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and
received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees
associated with the factoring program of $48
601 during 2016.




 the Financial Accounting
Standard Boards (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-09

(Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
 which simplifies several aspects
of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory
tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not plan to early adopt.
We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all
leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.



 lessor accounting
is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting
model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback
transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with
a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity).
Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors
(for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing
at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified
retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period
presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU
2016-02 will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance.
Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount
that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use
more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each
prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying
ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14

Effective Date
 making it effective for the year beginning
December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the
first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15
. The new guidance explicitly requires that management
assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. We have adopted
as of December 31
 2016.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower
of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable
predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning
January 1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not
have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU
2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early
adopted as of December 31
 2015.




been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2017 presentation with no changes to net loss or total stockholders&#8217; equity
(deficit) previously reported.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



 the
Company completed the following acquisitions:

MotherLode Craft Distillery
LLC


 2017
 the Company completed
the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;)
 a small Portland
 Oregon-based provider of bottling
services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2017 include MotherLode&#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The
Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with
ASC 805 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. MotherLode had approximately $375
000 in revenues (unaudited) in
2016.


is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

86
667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
    
    
377
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
062
    

    
    
    
103
488
    

    
    
    
46
250
    

    
    
    
376
431
    

    
    
    
28
182
    

    
    
    
(5
180
    

    
    
    
(179
233
    

    
    
    
377
000
    



fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the customer list intangible
asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earning
methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&#8217;s
estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital
for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates
 as well as applicable royalty rates for
comparable assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the
tangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The customer relationships estimated
useful life is seven years. The fair values assigned to the license intangible asset were determined through the use of the cost
approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.

Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC


 2017
 the Company acquired 90% of
the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&#8220;BBD&#8221;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based distiller of super-premium spirits.
The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include BBD&#8217;s results of operations
from the acquisition date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements
reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221;
 whereby the purchase
price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.
BBD had approximately $201
000 in revenues (unaudited) in 2016.


is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

28
096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
    
    
134
858
    

    
    
    
14
984
    

    
    
    
149
842
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
521
    

    
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
129
922
    

    
    
    
22
717
    

    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
193
374
    

    
    
    
(52
841
    

    
    
    
(172
033
    

    
    
    
149
842
    



fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the license intangible asset
was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized. For the year
ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218
374 for the intangible asset &#8211; license and the goodwill
originally recorded as part of the purchase price allocation for BBD.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
755
477
    
    
    
439
739
    

    
    
    
295
805
    
    
    
340
298
    

    
    
    
4
051
282
    
    
    
780
037
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








    
    



December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
326
088
    
    
    
70
140
    

    
    
    
56
410
    
    
    
8
607
    

    
    
    
49
483
    
    
    
38
831
    

    
    
    
372
667
    
    
    
34
603
    

    
    
    
804
648
    
    
    
152
181
    

    
    
    
(76
142
    
    
    
(52
965
    

Total property and equipment
 net
    
    
728
506
    
    
    
99
216
    



totaled $41
253 and $21
991 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2017
 intangible assets and goodwill consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
351
432
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(50
764
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
353
850
    
    
    
    
    



764 and nil
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]








    
    



31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
285
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
942
    
    
    
48
000
    

    
    
    
343
942
    
    
    
48
000
    



 2017
 the Company
had $285
000 of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its Burnside product line. This amount will
be amortized over a seven year life. Additionally
 there was $40
000 in deposits for the branding services related to the future
release of other product lines. The remaining deposits of $13
942 represent office and retail space lease deposits.


 2016
 $48
000
represents office space lease deposits.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



of the following at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
642
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.
    
    
407
500
    
    
    
547
500
    

    
    
    
2
306
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.
    
    
56
341
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.
    
    
927
192
    
    
    
    
    

Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
1
101
840
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
495
179
    
    
    
564
142
    

    
    
    
(293
726
    
    
    
(4
537
    

    
    
    
(39
693
    
    
    
(131
849
    

    
    
    
2
161
760
    
    
    
427
756
    



on notes payable as of December 31
 2017
 are as follows:





    
    
    
293
726
    

    
    
    
1
254
146
    

    
    
    
947
307
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
495
179
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
794
492
    
    
    
(1
774
361
    

    
    
    
(348
343
    
    
    
(344
435
    

    
    
    
2
142
835
    
    
    
2
118
795
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
489
143
    
    
    
3
557
909
    

    
    
    
563
356 
    
    
    
213
181
    

    
    
    
6
052
499
    
    
    
3
771
090
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(92
016
    
    
    
(70
816
    

    
    
    
(92
016
    
    
    
(70
816
    

    
    
    
(5
960
483
    
    
    
(3
700
274
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2017
 the Company
has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $14 million
 to offset against future income for federal
and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs
begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards
may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue code of 1986 and similar
state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate change in ownership of certain
significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &#8220;Section 382 ownership change&#8221;)
 utilization of its pre-change
NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (and similar state laws).
The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&#8217;s stock at the time of such ownership
change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result in expiration
of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.


realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability
of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    





its corporate office
 warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at various dates
through March 2021. Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $6
400 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which
contain fixed escalations in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
term. The difference between the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent
which is included within accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject
to monthly percentage rent adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.


2017
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:


December 31st:



    
    
    
277
289
    

    
    
    
137
551
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
424
779
    



$362
000 and $416
000 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




any material legal proceedings
 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary
course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
and divert management resources.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 without considering any dilutive
items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities
consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities
are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2017
and 2016. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in 2017 and 2016 are as
follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
277
316
    
    
    
(5
251
293
    

    
    
    
3
717
956
    
    
    
1
247
281
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017












    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
245
838
    
    
    
2
542
504
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
699
785
    
    
    
(12
813
044
    
    
    
1
132
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
132
833
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
498
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
500
    

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
780
019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
401
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
578
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
578
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
834
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
246
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
250
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
903
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
914
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
914
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
538
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
649
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
655
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
655
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    

Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
420
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
420
    

Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
096
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
455
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
458
    
    
    
14
984
    
    
    
135
442
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
154
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
866
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
878
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
878
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(250
875
    
    
    
100
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
235
865
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(15
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
889
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
223
435
    
    
    
(18
090
961
    
    
    
5
132
963
    
    
    
15
585
    
    
    
5
148
548
    





in these financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 20-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&#8217;s common
stock effected on October 18
 2016
 and the 3-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&#8217;s common stock effected on June 15
2017.




 the Company issued
18
371 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351. The shares were valued using
the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.33 per share.


 the Company issued
32
000 shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to a claw-back provision tied to specific
performance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 $4.54 per share.


 the Company issued
14
384 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted
of $52
500. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.


 the Company issued
14
760 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221. The shares were valued using
the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.38 per share.


 the Company issued
83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount converted
of $500
000. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.


 the Company issued
5
209 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing
share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.40 - $3.50 per share.


 the Company completed
an underwritten public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase
up to an aggregate of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &#8220;Unit&#8221;) at a public offering price of $4.50 per
Unit. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will expire five years from the date
of issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional
180
000 Units to cover over-allotments
 that resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company of $810
000
 before deducting
offering expenses.


 the Company issued 2
716
shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which were fully vested upon issuance. The
shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $4.38 - $6.00 per
share.


 the Company completed
the acquisition of a majority stake in BBD. We issued 28
096 shares of common stock to the owners of BBD as consideration for 90%
of the BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80 on May 1
 2017
 the value of the transaction
was $134
858. Issuance costs incurred were $14
400.


 the independent directors
Messrs. Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 respectively
 each exercised 4
630 stock options to purchase common stock at $5.40 per
share.


 the Company issued
50
335 shares of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using
the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $4.35 - $4.50 per share.


 the Company approved
a restricted stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Grover Wickersham.
The grant vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10
218 shares were withheld in order to satisfy Mr. Wickersham&#8217;s personal tax
withholding responsibility. The shares were valued using the $4.80 closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant.


 the Company issued
16
667 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 50 shares of preferred stock.


 the Company issued
83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 250 shares of preferred stock.


 the Company issued
22
436 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted
of $87
500. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.


 2017
 the Company completed
the acquisition of MotherLode. We issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition.
Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000. Issuance
costs incurred were $5
580.


 the Company issued
575 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2
517. The shares were valued using the $4.38 closing
share price of our common stock on the date of grant.


 the Company issued
19
796 shares of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the
closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.90 - $4.35 per share.


 2017 to June 2
 2017
the Company issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
 including 400
019 warrants for
common stock.


 2017 through February
16
 2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares for aggregate cash proceeds of
$159
250.


 2017 to January 22
2017
 the Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90 per share for aggregate cash proceeds
of $58
500.


 2016
the Company issued 63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $153
996. Additionally
 the Company
had $220
691 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees and vested during the year ended
December 31
 2016.


 2016
the Company issued 115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered and trade
debt totaling $284
277.


 the Company issued
800
000 shares of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800
000 warrants for common stock.


 the Company issued
564
781 shares of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734
216.


 the Company issued
886
538 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted
of $1
152
499.


 the Company issued
531
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 672 shares of preferred stock.


 the Company issued 12
802
shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due at June 30
 2016 for its outstanding
Series A Preferred.


 2016 to June 22
 2016
the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants for common stock
 net of issuance
costs of $23
762.


 2016 to June 3
 2016
the Company issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory note. The aggregate principal
amount of this note that was converted was $196
503.

Issuance of Convertible Preferred
Stock


 2016 to June 17
 2016
the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&#8220;Series A Preferred&#8221;) for an aggregate purchase
price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers
in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation of $50
000
of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69
528.


Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock (the &#8220;Common
Stock&#8221;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred accrue dividends at a rate
of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&#8217;s option either in cash or &#8220;in
kind&#8221; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which
the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year)
of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefore. For &#8216;in-kind&#8221;
dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such
stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding
a dividend date.


liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive
its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5.


of the Company&#8217;s stockholders
 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal
to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of
Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied
by (y) 2.5 (the &#8220;Total Series A Votes&#8221;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion
of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders of Series A
Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred.


 2017
the Company has zero shares of preferred stock outstanding.




 2016
 the Company
adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either
stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan is 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017
 the number
of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the
Company&#8217;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On October 18
2017
 the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares
of the common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &#8220;Aggregate Limit&#8221;) by an additional 192
861 shares
of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be
granted to any participant pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights under the 2016 Plan in any
one year period (the &#8220;Individual Option Limit&#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii) increase the number of shares
of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &#8220;Individual Award Limit&#8221;) under
the 2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number of shares of common stock
that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance compensation awards
under the 2016 Plan (the &#8220;Individual Performance Award Limit&#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 which amendments
were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall
not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
2017
 there were 354
422 options and 125
146 restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) issued under the 2016 Plan
 with vesting
schedules varying between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.


 2015
 the Company adopted
the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation
stock under the 2015 Plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall not
be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
 2017
there were 14
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first
year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.


 from time
to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2017
 there were no options outstanding that
were not issued under the Plans.


at and for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
36
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
142
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
417
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
173
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
243
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
260
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(39
151
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
369
006
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
151
282
    
    
    
    
    



options outstanding at December 31
 2017 was $28
962.


 2017
 there were
234
375 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $698
943. The unvested options will vest in accordance with
the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.
The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2017 was $23
910. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 100
041
options vested.


valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options issued to employees
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.


stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



assumptions that require management&#8217;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using the simplified method
described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period.
Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar entities
whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $2.94. The aggregate grant date fair
value of the 243
667 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017 was $566
983.


31
 2017
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $445
032. At December 31
 2017
 the total compensation cost related
to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $796
993
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of approximately 3.04 years.




December 31
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
019 common stock warrants in connection with the purchase of 400
019
shares of common stock
 1
380
000 common stock warrants in connection with the August 2017 public offering
 and 112
000 common
stock warrants to six consultants. The Company has determined the warrants should be classified as equity on the condensed consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31
 2017. The estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was $2
009
443
 based on a combination
of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



834 warrants were exercised during the twelve months
ended December 31
 2017 for cash proceeds of $159
250.





    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
846
765
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Twelve months ended December 31
 2017:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
892
019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    

    
    
    
(40
834
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(74
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
2
623
077
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



transactions since January 1
 2016 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average
of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation
 termination and other arrangements.


 2016
 Steven Earles
our former chief executive officer
 purchased 185 units in an offering of units consisting of shares of our series A convertible
preferred stock and warrants to purchase common stock (our &#8220;Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering&#8221;) in
consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Each unit consisted of one share of series A convertible preferred stock
and one warrant to purchase 223 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. Steven Shum
 our chief financial
officer
 purchased 97 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and
unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel
 our former chief marketing officer
 director and secretary
 purchased 58 Units in the Series A Preferred
Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles
 our chief branding officer
and wife of Steven Earles
 purchased 83 units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $83
000
in accrued and unpaid salary. These issuances were unanimously approved by our Board
 including all disinterested directors. Effective
November 4
 2016
 we entered into an agreement with Mr. Earles
 the Company&#8217;s former chief executive officer
 pursuant to
which Mr. Earles agreed to convert 185 shares of the Company&#8217;s series A convertible preferred stock into 41
111 shares of
the Company&#8217;s common stock and to cancel his warrant to purchase 41
107 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock.


 2016
 pursuant to a subscription
agreement executed by the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&#8220;PSP&#8221;) for which Mr. Wickersham
serves as trustee
 the PSP purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 83
334 units
 each unit consisting of one share of
common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (collectively with the common stock
 the &#8220;Common Stock Units&#8221;) at
a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a subscription
agreement executed by Grover T. Wickersham
 Mr. Wickersham directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 38
334 Common
Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit for a total purchase price of $115
000. On December 30
 Mr. Wickersham
assigned 24
680 of his warrants to a related and un-related party. He also voluntarily canceled 8
334 additional warrants.


 2016
 pursuant to a subscription
agreement executed by an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated minor for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee
(&#8220;Education Trust&#8221;)
 the Education Trust purchased in a private placement 16
667 Common Stock Units at a purchase price
of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $50
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a subscription
agreement executed by the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee (the &#8220;Irrevocable
Trust&#8221;)
 the Irrevocable Trust purchased in a private placement 66
667 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $3.00 per
Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $200
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a subscription
agreement
 Michael Fleming
 a current director
 directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 8
334 Common Stock Units
at a purchase price of $3.00 per Common Stock Unit
 each Common Stock Unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25
000.


 2016
 the PSP purchased
from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for aggregate consideration
of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock at a price of $6.00 per share. On July 7
 2016
 the PSP
purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 20
000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On December 30
 2016
 the PSP exercised 43
590 warrants at a price of
$3.90 per share in exchange for eliminating the outstanding note principal.


 2016
 the Grover T. and
Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &#8220;Wickersham Trust&#8221;) purchased an additional Promissory Note
for aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 8
334 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00
per share. On November 21
 2016
 the Wickersham Trust purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $75
000
along with a warrant to acquire 12
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. On December 31
 2016
 the
Wickersham Trust exercised its 20
834 warrants along with an additional 11
218 warrants assigned from Mr. Wickersham all at a price
of $3.90 in exchange for eliminating the outstanding note principal.


30
 2016
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal credit card. These
related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At September 30
 2016
 the balance due to the chief executive
officer was approximately $8
000. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive officer in the amount of $12
500
at September 30
 2016
 that was repaid during fiscal year 2016.


 2016
 an entity
for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory notes and received 3-year warrants
to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.00 per share.


 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased
15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year common stock purchase
warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of $59
237 in cash.


 2017
 Mr. Wickersham
and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one Public
Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash.


 2017
 our Board appointed
Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately. Mr. Peterson is also the President of
Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom
and tasked them with reviewing the Company&#8217;s current product portfolio
 as well as its new ideas
 and advising it with respect
to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom&#8217;s
full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising
as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000
(at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a black-scholes
value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company.
We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000 (at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018.


 2017
 the Grover
T. Wickersham Employees&#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&#8220;PSP&#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at
the rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest is paid monthly. The
note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity or debt securities
in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &#8220;Future Financing&#8221;)
 all amount due
under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu
of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Payee
 the
principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.


 2017
 the Grover
T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &#8220;Wickersham Trust&#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note
bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $179
300. Interest
is paid monthly. The note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity
or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &#8220;Future Financing&#8221;)
all amount due under this Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing.
In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of
Payee
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing.


were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 it is our current policy that all transactions
between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it
is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve
and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situation
on an ongoing basis
 in accordance with Company policies and procedures in effect from time to time.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



 2018
 the Company completed
a private offering of promissory notes and accompanying warrants in which it raised $1
250
000 in gross proceeds. The promissory
notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued
and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. For every $100
000 in principal
 the Company issued to the investor 10
000
common stock purchase warrants
 for a total of 125
000 warrants. The warrants
 which are identical to the warrants that were issued
in the Company&#8217;s public offering that was consummated in August 2017
 are exercisable through August 10
 2022
 unless earlier
redeemed
 at an exercise price of $5.40
 subject to adjustment for stock splits
 reverse splits and other similar recapitalization
events. The Company will have the option to redeem all or a part of the outstanding warrants at any time after the closing price
of the Company&#8217;s common stock exceeds $7.65 for five consecutive trading days. In electing to redeem the warrants
 the Company
will provide 30 days&#8217; notice of the redemption date
 during which time the holders of outstanding warrants will have the
opportunity to exercise their warrants at the exercise price then in effect. Any warrants remaining outstanding at the close of
business on the 30th day of the notice period will be redeemed at a price of $0.15 per warrant
 after which
 the warrants will
be cancelled.


 2018 and March 25
2018
 the Company received an aggregate of $680
400 upon exercise of a total of 126
000 common stock purchase warrants that were
sold in the Company&#8217;s August 2017 public offering. As of April 2
 2018
 there remains outstanding 1
254
000 warrants sold
in the public offering
 in addition to the 125
000 identical warrants sold in the private placement noted above.


we issued a total of 29
025 shares
 which included 16
500 shares to multiple employees as additional compensation
 10
025 shares
to our partner
 Sandstrom Partners
 as part of their branding work on our products
 and 2
500 shares to two different service
providers for services rendered.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017










    
    



selected unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the four quarters of the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual information presented
elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&#8217;s opinion
 includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring entries) necessary
for a fair statement of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative
of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company&#8217;s
and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.



    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
June 30

    
    
September 30

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
612
481
    
    
    
605
030
    
    
    
618
337
    
    
    
775
148
    

    
    
    
289
568
    
    
    
210
405
    
    
    
234
072
    
    
    
242
882
    

    
    
    
(901
818
    
    
    
(1
289
126
    
    
    
(1
411
160
    
    
    
(1
675
813
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
June 30

    
    
September 30

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
747
    
    
    
504
311
    
    
    
607
847
    
    
    
532
674
    

    
    
    
207
305
    
    
    
236
095
    
    
    
236
993
    
    
    
147
569
    

    
    
    
(1
014
679
    
    
    
(1
309
500
    
    
    
(1
436
449
    
    
    
(1
438
991
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017











financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
Inc.&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and majority-owned subsidiary BBD (beginning
as of May 1
 2017). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.








segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief
executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&#8217;s operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes
of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.








in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.








less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four of the following criteria are
met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii)
the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related
merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment
or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other
than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of
sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed
the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.









which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol
beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain
competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue
or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments
and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $182
975 and $136
786 in years 2017
and 2016
 respectively.



Advertising
 Promotional and Selling Expenses

Advertising
 Promotional and Selling
Expenses


in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses
for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs
are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $2
219
168 and $1
244
152 in years 2017 and 2016
respectively.








of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound
freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs.








shipment of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.








be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2017 and 2016.








subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers
represented 79% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables.








 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2017 and December
31
 2016
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the &#8220;fair
value option&#8221; provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under
GAAP&#8217;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
    
    



or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2017 and 2016. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.
At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#8217;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed rates and their carrying
value approximates fair value.

Items Measured at Fair
Value on a Nonrecurring Basis


in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.








bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing
methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent
distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and
records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand
and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.








at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.








assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of
impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC.








assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of
impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.








is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &#8220;asset and liability method&#8221;
for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company established valuation allowances against its
net deferred tax assets.


the &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized
income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would
be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized
income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related
tax authorities for the Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.








other comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.








with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance
audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates
its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled
$997
410 and $797
435 in years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.








expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the
related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the
vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair
value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are
recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest. Stock-based compensation was $563
356 and $374
687 in fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 respectively.








 we terminated our
previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables
in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were
charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring
provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as
a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor
any new invoices during 2017. At December 31
 2017
 we had no factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with
the factoring program of $63
238 during fiscal year 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling
$542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and
we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601 during 2016.








 the Financial Accounting
Standard Boards (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2016-09

(Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
 which simplifies several aspects
of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory
tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not plan to early adopt.
We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all
leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.



 lessor accounting
is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting
model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback
transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with
a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity).
Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors
(for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing
at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified
retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period
presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU
2016-02 will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede virtually all existing revenue guidance.
Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount
that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use
more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each
prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying
ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14

Effective Date
 making it effective for the year beginning
December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the
first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15
. The new guidance explicitly requires that management
assess an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. We have adopted
as of December 31
 2016.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard at the lower
of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable
predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for the year beginning
January 1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not
have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU
2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early
adopted as of December 31
 2015.








been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2017 presentation with no changes to net loss or total stockholders&#8217; equity
(deficit) previously reported.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]







is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

86
667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
    
    
377
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
062
    

    
    
    
103
488
    

    
    
    
46
250
    

    
    
    
376
431
    

    
    
    
28
182
    

    
    
    
(5
180
    

    
    
    
(179
233
    

    
    
    
377
000
    





Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]







is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

28
096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
    
    
134
858
    

    
    
    
14
984
    

    
    
    
149
842
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
521
    

    
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
129
922
    

    
    
    
22
717
    

    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
193
374
    

    
    
    
(52
841
    

    
    
    
(172
033
    

    
    
    
149
842
    









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017












    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
755
477
    
    
    
439
739
    

    
    
    
295
805
    
    
    
340
298
    

    
    
    
4
051
282
    
    
    
780
037
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
326
088
    
    
    
70
140
    

    
    
    
56
410
    
    
    
8
607
    

    
    
    
49
483
    
    
    
38
831
    

    
    
    
372
667
    
    
    
34
603
    

    
    
    
804
648
    
    
    
152
181
    

    
    
    
(76
142
    
    
    
(52
965
    

Total property and equipment
 net
    
    
728
506
    
    
    
99
216
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2017
 intangible assets and goodwill consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
351
432
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(50
764
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
353
850
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]







31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
285
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
942
    
    
    
48
000
    

    
    
    
343
942
    
    
    
48
000
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









of the following at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:



    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
December 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
642
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.
    
    
407
500
    
    
    
547
500
    

    
    
    
2
306
    
    
    
    
    

Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.
    
    
56
341
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.
    
    
927
192
    
    
    
    
    

Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
1
101
840
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
495
179
    
    
    
564
142
    

    
    
    
(293
726
    
    
    
(4
537
    

    
    
    
(39
693
    
    
    
(131
849
    

    
    
    
2
161
760
    
    
    
427
756
    








on notes payable as of December 31
 2017
 are as follows:





    
    
    
293
726
    

    
    
    
1
254
146
    

    
    
    
947
307
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
495
179
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
794
492
    
    
    
(1
774
361
    

    
    
    
(348
343
    
    
    
(344
435
    

    
    
    
2
142
835
    
    
    
2
118
795
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
489
143
    
    
    
3
557
909
    

    
    
    
563
356 
    
    
    
213
181
    

    
    
    
6
052
499
    
    
    
3
771
090
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(92
016
    
    
    
(70
816
    

    
    
    
(92
016
    
    
    
(70
816
    

    
    
    
(5
960
483
    
    
    
(3
700
274
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









2017
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:


December 31st:



    
    
    
277
289
    

    
    
    
137
551
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
3
313
    

    
    
    
424
779
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in 2017 and 2016 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
277
316
    
    
    
(5
251
293
    

    
    
    
3
717
956
    
    
    
1
247
281
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
245
838
    
    
    
2
542
504
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
699
785
    
    
    
(12
813
044
    
    
    
1
132
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
132
833
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
498
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
58
500
    

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
780
019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
401
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
578
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
669
578
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
834
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
246
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
250
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
110
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
903
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
914
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
479
914
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
538
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
649
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
655
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
253
655
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
001
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    

Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
420
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
371
420
    

Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
096
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
455
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
458
    
    
    
14
984
    
    
    
135
442
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
120
154
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
866
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
878
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
561
878
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
037
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(250
875
    
    
    
100
001
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
235
865
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(15
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
889
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
23
223
435
    
    
    
(18
090
961
    
    
    
5
132
963
    
    
    
15
585
    
    
    
5
148
548
    








at and for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
 2015
    
    
36
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
142
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(5
417
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
173
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
243
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
260
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(39
151
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
369
006
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
151
282
    
    
    
    
    








assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    













warrants at issuance was $2
009
443
 based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public
offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    











    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
846
765
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Twelve months ended December 31
 2017:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
892
019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    

    
    
    
(40
834
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(74
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
2
623
077
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    









Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company&#8217;s and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.



    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
June 30

    
    
September 30

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
612
481
    
    
    
605
030
    
    
    
618
337
    
    
    
775
148
    

    
    
    
289
568
    
    
    
210
405
    
    
    
234
072
    
    
    
242
882
    

    
    
    
(901
818
    
    
    
(1
289
126
    
    
    
(1
411
160
    
    
    
(1
675
813
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
March 31

    
    
June 30

    
    
September 30

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
747
    
    
    
504
311
    
    
    
607
847
    
    
    
532
674
    

    
    
    
207
305
    
    
    
236
095
    
    
    
236
993
    
    
    
147
569
    

    
    
    
(1
014
679
    
    
    
(1
309
500
    
    
    
(1
436
449
    
    
    
(1
438
991
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 31
 2017
May 01
 2017









Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]


























675
813


411
160


289
126


818


438
991


436
449


309
500


014
679


277
917


199
619







090
961








813
044








090
961


813
044























162
926


910
622







586
315








088
066








586
315


088
066


317





















700
000








































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































975


786





219
168


244
152










Unrecognized income tax benefit
 interest and penalties








410


435





356


687





 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we would receive the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount.







238


601







083







562







150
















































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
May 31
 2017
May 01
 2017




000
















Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]










000






















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]






000





062





488





250





431





182





180)





233)





000



Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






858





984





842





521)





224





922





717





000





374





841)





033)





842



























































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]






667








Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






096








Business acquisition
 percentage


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











755
477


739





805


298





051
282


037



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








016


991







The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




648


181





142)


965)



Total property and equipment
 net

506


216












088


140












410


607












483


831












667


603







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











764









Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




614







764)







850














000





Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life















432





Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life















182





Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life










Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




000














000


000












942



































































The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




942


000












000














942


000







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




495
179


142





726)


537)





693)


849)





161
760


756














642












500


500












306














341














192














101
840









Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































 2020.



















 2018 or June 30
 2019


 2018 or June 30
 2019


























 2019.


 2019.



















614


614





 2019.


 2019.



















 2020 &#150; September 30
 2020. 


 2020 &#150; September 30
 2020. 





000
000


000
000








































 2019


 2019
























































































































































Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















726





254
146





307















495
179



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000
000































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











794
492)


774
361)





343)


435)





142
835


118
795











































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











489
143


557
909





356


181





052
499


771
090





016)


816)





016)


816)





960
483)


700
274)





































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000


000












857














400






































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















289





551





313





313





313





779
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











277
316)


251
293)





717
956


247
281







































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Oct. 18
 2017
Sep. 08
 2017
Aug. 24
 2017
Jun. 15
 2017
May 01
 2017
Apr. 05
 2017
Mar. 08
 2017
Jan. 02
 2017
Oct. 18
 2016
Jan. 29
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
May 31
 2017
Apr. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Feb. 16
 2017
Jan. 22
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jul. 31
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 03
 2016
Jun. 02
 2017
Jun. 17
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 08
 2016



















































































371


760

























































351


221




























356







Debt converion into shares
 value



















































878

































200
000



























































200
000














000




000
000




019





































200
000










834




000




000
000




019






000
















































































































































































































400
000





















































































667


500













































040
000




000
000








500







Stock option exercises
 shares



















































260)























































560
000




728
079


451
238









































250
















250


216





Stock issued during period for services
 value



















































914



















































762















Preferred stock
 shares outstanding











































































































































962






























962





























375






























375



























































943





























910






























910



























































041






















































































































032





























993






























993































































































































861













































































































422



























































146























139








































667
































































000






























































































































































































































































000






















































































































































584



























































 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.












































































































802

















Stock issued during period consideration
 value









































759




















































































































781












019





























019






























019















































216







































































009
443















































































































































































000


000

























































528




































































Number of units issued for cancellation outstanding indebt
 value

















































000



























































000

















































































































































































 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefore. For &#145;in-kind&#148; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.



























































 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5.


























































































834






























834



























































250







Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]



















































































































































096


































































































858



























































400

















































MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]



































































































































667



























































000



























































580








































































































































667


334




















000























































































































































716



























































943






517















































































































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares































335






















































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares

































796


























































































































001






















































































































500






















































































000



























































000




































































































































































380
000
























































































384












436






538



















Debt converion into shares
 value





















500












500






152
499



































































































































































334

































Debt converion into shares
 value

























000










































































































































873













Debt converion into shares
 value













































503






























































































































































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares





















000
































































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares

























209























































































































































Stock option exercises
 shares































630





























































































































































218















































































334






























































































































499



























































996



























































691














































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares







































184



















Stock issued during period for services
 value







































277














































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares


























































Stock issued during period for services
 value

















































000
























































































































000


























































































































































































333






















































































































333






















































































































333




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































000






















































































































000






















































































































000


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Stock issued during period consideration
 value.



















































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.










































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.






















































































Priority of payment of dividends and restrictions on the payment of dividends
 indicating the source
 pertinent provisions and amount of retained earnings or net income restricted or free of restrictions.

























































Describe the contractual rights of preferred stockholders to receive dividends or returns from the entity's profits
 cash flows
 or returns on investments.










































































































































































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.




































































































































































































































































Value
 before forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Aug. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


















132
833










132
833









040
000


000
000




















500





Issuance of common stock
 shares

200
000


000


000
000


019























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants

























669
578































250































914































655































001





Stock options exercises
 shares

























260)































356





Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580

























420





Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400

























442































637































037































000)





Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares







































































675
813)


411
160)


289
126)


818)


438
991)


436
449)


309
500)


014
679)


277
917)


199
619)







132
833






148
548








132
833








148
548


132
833


















































838










838





Balance
 shares





























































Issuance of common stock
 shares






























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants






























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
 shares





























































Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 shares





























































Issuance of common stock for services by third parties
 shares





























































Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares





























































Stock options exercises
 shares





























































Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580






























Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
 shares






























Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400






























Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
 shares





























































Shares Issued for payoff of long-term notes
 shares
























































037































875)





Common shares issued for preferred conversion
 shares






























Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares
































































































838














838










838



Balance
 shares




























































































Balance
 shares















542
504










542
504




































Issuance of common stock
 shares

























001





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants






























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
 shares

























780
019




































Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 shares

























834




































Issuance of common stock for services by third parties
 shares

























340




































Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares

























538




































Stock options exercises
 shares

























260




































Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580






























Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
 shares

























667





Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400






























Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
 shares

























096




































Shares Issued for payoff of long-term notes
 shares

























154



































































Common shares issued for preferred conversion
 shares

























001





Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares



























































































































Balance
 shares



542
504






889
745








542
504








889
745


542
504


















































699
785










699
785































498





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants

























669
401































246































903































649































000































356





Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580

























411





Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400

























455































866






























































865





Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares
































































































699
785






223
435








699
785








223
435


699
785


















































813
044)










813
044)




































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants

























































































































































































Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580






























Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400



























































































































Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares























































































277
917)









813
044)






872
587)








813
044)








872
587)


813
044)



Total Eastside Distilling
 Inc. Stockholders' Equity [Member]














































132
833










132
833































500





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants

























669
578































250































914































655































001































356





Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580

























420





Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400

























458































878































037































000)





Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares























































































059
543)









132
833






132
963








132
833








132
963


132
833
































































































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants

























































































































































































Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580






























Issuance of common stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400

























984


































































































Adjustment of shares for reverse stock-split
 shares






































































































585
















585






































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 shares other




























Shares Issued for payoff of long-term notes
 shares.




























Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants shares.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 warrant
 exercises in period.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs other






















































































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants.




























Stock issued during period
 value
 warrant exercised for cash.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Gross value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017


Common stock
 net of issuance costs



120
323














580



Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






Common stock
 net of issuance costs



400





400










































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Number of Options Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

750


667



Number of Options Outstanding
 Granted

667


500



Number of Options Outstanding
 Exercised

260)





Number of Options Outstanding
 Canceled

151)


417)



Number of Options Outstanding
 Ending Balance

006


750



Number of Options Exercisable
 Ending Balance

282





Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Beginning Balance






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Granted






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Exercised






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Canceled






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Ending Balance






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Exercisable
 Ending Balance


























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























































































































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning Balance | shares

765



Warrants Outstanding
 Granted | shares

892
019



Warrants Outstanding
 Exercised | shares

834)



Warrants Outstanding
 Forfeited and Cancelled | shares

873)



Warrants Outstanding
 Ending Balance | shares

623
077



Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Beginning Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Granted




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Exercised




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Forfeited and Cancelled




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Ending Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited and Cancelled




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance




Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Beginning Balance | $




Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Granted

880



Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Ending Balance | $

880







Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 exercised in period.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 forfeitures
 weighted average exercised fair value.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 ending balance.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 exercised.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 forfeited and cancelled.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 granted.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 aggregate intrinsic value
 granted.
























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























Dec. 29
 2017
Aug. 23
 2017
Aug. 10
 2017
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 30
 2016
Nov. 21
 2016
Nov. 04
 2016
Sep. 19
 2016
Jul. 07
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 09
 2016
Apr. 04
 2016
Aug. 31
 2017
Feb. 16
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2016












































000































































































































200
000


































































































537






726


537


726



































250








250


216



































200
000




000


000
000


019











































040
000


000
000




500


































































590





















































































































































000


000













































000


334










































































































218








218






























































189
















334






























































































000































237
































































































334



























































334






























































































000



































680










































































































667






























































































000






























































































667






























































































000













































































































































334






























































































000








































































































834








834


































































000








000







































500








334


























































































000






























































































000


















































































































































































555















































000











































































































































596















































334















































000















































000















































000






























































































025















































000











































































































































750















































  2019













































Equity and debt securities
 gross

000
000













































































































































300















































  2019













































Equity and debt securities
 gross

000
000





































































































































































000











































































































































































































































000













































































































































000













































































































































000


















































































111















































107




























































































































000















































500

































































Equity and debt securities
 gross.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 31
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Mar. 25
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 02
 2017
Mar. 31
 2018
Apr. 02
 2018










200
000


000


000
000


019



















































250
000




400






































  2021





















000


000












000





















025







000


000












000







  2022































































 the Company will provide 30 days&#146; notice of the redemption date
 during which time the holders of outstanding warrants will have the opportunity to exercise their warrants at the exercise price then in effect. Any warrants remaining outstanding at the close of business on the 30th day of the notice period will be redeemed at a price of $0.15 per warrant
 after which
 the warrants will be cancelled.



































500


























Warrants outstanding
 shares

















254
000
























Warrants outstanding
 shares

















000













































Warrants outstanding
 shares





000






































000
























































500










































025
































































































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016



























148


337


030


481


674


847


311


747


791
382


042
527





882


072


405


568


569


993


095


305


927


962





675
813)


411
160)


289
126)


818)


438
991)


436
449)


309
500)


014
679)


277
917)


199
619)



Net loss available per common share
 basic and diluted



























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( +N$@DP?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     [A()
'%I_5^\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


XPHP%;
M=-A1!)$+8


M^L/O+NQZ8X_V'QO?!)L:?MU%\P502P

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M

M 5!+ P04     [A()

##2;0@4!' BT^)&0#(1L)A'U(







A4<I[E/T$T4_@?L@X
MF\#]8+*V-YR65DB9-9Q*9HIN9E S)1\@:)UCLBV0J92=@)*YI1B&8RBH%+\
M#@1@BUA(E363@29P
T#-@/#HZM(P-UQGTC.5X2?(  7DAB@!9\V'!:$PE(XB



6.2
M92Q



+3-](__N6V'F)*J+ZG$?:QVUY
Z




MKVGH

\%ZH
M$$@.%[S!A*A(DN-M#.I/.95Q/O^(_JR+E\7L$




DL4D2




M5

$

M-YX;6Q]F-MNXS80AE]%T'TBSIBR


MY.


@RQ96

9

54K) 3+K0 \]#H$ 
N;L%2KH'

M$2CQ'I0R_I
96F*$5H!.EX:)AR-8ZLF&GBQ-Y3_@_G


M'YTM?.V11RU2U-H0M4@)J@6$=FA'B]/%$Q8I86U(6*1;TF&Z)(2;
U[IR6\7

M388F])3

M

M@4@T
VC\
Q!'D$AVG&091X-UP'CYB)=B:V@3X%5

[X.C89G]CIX?(1+VOYQ 90T;27



6JX5
+9-H:0SA
PG!(
M  Z)PR$0B3!) A:E43:RRQ+F*P)\19RO@$AVH^2)C]\4(
E@-E9N/?*;/=/C


TZ0)

Z[*A\N'7?78=F\3][XY
M/\L_?VCKX_ [A<7EQQ*W_P-02P,$%     @ NX23!TDNLKS 0  2P4  !@

:Q*&SN)JN07



ES9^ EP2\)F!7BQ.RSC\2







U.FHVS=TPAJCSQTNS:C:;
M

R7^N^6;6;?];WP]/-/


\
MR$F


I5F$8H 82Z K4(,Y0D1(WA^4@\&A==YE)V4(K'6SI





M5R.K6/+\Y0Z(Y
0&!2QEYR4[&-0&@-IS4 .1M-AGI_Z\NA@4!L ZL!!#432
MCH0Y657V8S&J+4!U$-MC/[$S86EG7_'#H:T!9 .'-)6 CAEE?-BP4@=D_

M%1):
E38(K%C59 ;+[)5UE)8NVB-\3?@H0F[\TA9%MP4Y!*(7 E+6 LKQ6
MKBR IS*Y@N5I@7W97
LW(\!P4IV'
:B UB
'(L.(
]%
OPU@0KVL%8= +8I
=

+(20A$THV$X+C?7%K!


M['I%5ZO# ?2/
(?S\#_K[G&]ZV=?VV%HM]-YZT/;#DVVJ3[D\7IJZOO3CTWS
M



*+T4IR0[ 60@R4QBG 498B1M@NK

%





MF*GW/0]/G!Q2WYLJ.&

$L$\^Y(BW4IQ
OV
\#2!QRNJ67P+-H6A<K


P*5]

M\S
N_@!02P



@
#L2

M*8

F:.8)Y]3I&LI3@F[^#).GRWJG 7
MX;N_%/Z#(%TE2-!^M\2UV+V;Y*P14\5F9.DR4E]CI.\L([#^Q-$M_D3_@X

M-U!+ P04     [A()

O

M' 3__^I-%BRTJE=30.6DZ8J'.Z=WN<-P'? 0\21C=ZDQ
M)6=C7H+QK<II$A(!:4/@*W]R#4D$(T_@]:](E9NSV_J#[%VK.4L'-P;

0Z; L7

M%?$.DW?HO12[V]N



134/AP_X]E.8S89WO3S#V++-R[^ E!+
M P04     [A()


M970Q



N]US+-<G8-.@OD-$/X!G)8$<R+KQ'X7H03?T/G^_1T-\$TTM
M/?F'0+8K


/V6PX');_P]9/7/X&4$L#!!0







M20V-&)5_

MLG2![0/X N KX#[F87.BJ/R]\*+

M\B3+V340+3&G.89O8M(U@B'[FH+OI3CQ?^!\'W[857B(\

?F_W;)=@BP2



M(%!0^

MO?)/9O@&4SW7E$S%/\ %%(8')9BC






M;]P@#/TKB!]0$NZVJTY)I%ZG:9







134+AP/_FRF
9L
A_W\@]CRC8O?4$L#!!0    ( +N$@DS)#I+2



0WQ

MP 
H%8A0QNO


M:TKFXK_!!12&!R68HS3*Q964@_-&SRPH18NW:9==W
?IAM_.L&T GP%\ =S%

O WO/X)K_#IVG_+FPC.T?.QN/+QO[7QGA *;LK'*$6




FAPYO:6T\FK9AKK<@J@C2BO'=[I9I(3M:
M9-%WMD5F!J]D!V=+W*UL+].H

MI(;.2=
1W5.[Y/C:1_B8\ /:-;G4FHY&+



W8-1'/
:8KAJYAD


)1-ZX*#%5DO&O@)[E=_
MYBBTHE-716


N.;5
MEQ!\*\21OZ/S;?IN,\-=I._6=)YL^PW!?918/]AB1L8_K9(MNJI!M/$:;*D

M^-F?S31FD^&PGW\06[YQ\0]02P



KR



XJ5H\3;MLHO[.-TD5]@V@
\ O@#N(H!-B:+R3\*)(C
X

M1_X/G&_#DTV%280G?RA

ML\EPV


M-_;WJ7:LY2(\/%GU7=:A*^@#)34T8E#AV8X?8*[GEI*Y^$]P!87A40GFJ*SR
M:275X(/5

G1V)FWK?


M'WEZD]_AT[1_%JZ5QI.+#?BRJ?^-M0%0RNX&1ZC##[88IH0C_=X=M.834:P
M_?R#V/*-RU]02P,$%     @ NX23^7Q.VU 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K



@E_;?#TB:95NT+X-W_.S,=F(YLFV (Z\:-79G+;.]4?&;-F

;^Z=8


M#O7


G=*S 0  T@

*VGG?'QES50=:N!OL









M:&5E=#(T+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!+B=%UD6VHZ39NT2E&GK9^)?;91P7B

#E^97]:ZP=:SD+!W=&


W^1?^#CM]\+6
MLG7D;#R^;.Q_98P'E+*YPA%J\(/-AH+*A^
G/-MQS$;#FV[Z06S^QOE?4$L#
M!!0    ( +N$@DR0H)$JT0(  $L


Z]O5E<AW]2)<QV]MTVGUO%)Z_X^2=3NQ%NF[D3/._/F




(&3
M+*%(0BH)X(P&1:IH$@%')/!&$*++* (@M 4'HB%-AD24460(_^(1)G#Q
M)
49E




M#SZTV=^9/-:=BEZ%-AVEZ_L.0FAN?$GOC\GT]E/DX8?M!U69BR']G:8:-&/
MK7LR_7_8_ 502P,$%     @ NX23-_7^:3




?D38DQS#^*3*-)THC*8YQ@'R78_X?*&.9M
M+\GJSTO03;CS!I5JZ


MN7
%M^X96 P!M?7;@]OK:1@FPZI^GG.R/#;%'U!+ P04     [A()
ID^7



YPS (^ GYQ&.WJC$(E9ZU?@O%8%S@)8& R@4%YK<+




X$NA'V
M0Z9 
D^S<DE,V8XX2A
M*\QN01OOH2@6R&.]!\ZW::GFQFFD9ZNZ<E_!+)-@2P*9'^5F'TJ<0MS_2D(
M6?54@FGC-%E4Z4'%25YYEX&]C8](/N#3M']GIN7*HK-V_F5C_QNM'?A4DBL_
M0IW_8(LAH''A^
6?S31FD^%T/_\@LGSC\@]02P








M/95@VCA-%E5Z4'&25]YE8.]H?)._\&G:GYAIN;+HK)U_V=C_1FL'/I7DRH]0




R0T0W]=+S(NO'!P?*T$S7\!/^K.UFTV*Q2
M2@VMDZ8E%JJ

M%80PC?=)D\XA W%Y_E1_B+5C+6?AX-ZHW[+T34;WE)10B5[Y%S
\PE3/-253



96Q#M

M%L3)ZTZE]/6^_[(FM;T


M+/K.MLC



M00C3^#UKTB5D(*[/S^J?8NU8RT4XN#?JEZQ\F]-;2BJHQ:#\@QD_PUS/.TKF









MS_R)&9:G2HY(37??

35*^Z S#HG3.A]P9
QP(T54'G.H;.8P.XU4G!J[5W1@P):


MZ
C


MHX!Q *_3O\^ '==-_0+




\VVR3]DU$V8TXCA\QF1C!4GT/PM1 G_A^=K].WJQEN(WV[
MI/-D76W*K+ KM_2CQ\*G$-<_LI%OT5(.MXS0Y4IB^C9.\\







( 5





M*CEK_1*



W]@CI6YT2
R4^][%IXX/5#?FRHX


\PB/5O3


U+GAM;(U4VXZ;

&YT0B0-EM5K=1*T59MGQT8+EH;




L\-%=JC(#B'8KT0PS $7V:

'A




$A$Q^C1&7C2LK!.M2SBD]%
MB]=IEUW<Q^GF[C#3M@E\)O%<(AQV!0H9OY9.%%D!D=BIM[W(CSQ_LA];\K@


M)[?; NFF0!H%TG]*3#Z4N(5)/P1AJYYJ

K#W/+[).WR:


M5B1_F\:N]^
YGB[J%%@UA#?(YA]!^0%02P
$

M


#

MYHE4TW(?5

YZ)

KU^J;JW4ZGF*$1L'9ZUD
+
&
M@[H8#&XQRSX&MHA N=#Z@9Q^S%/CVXMS/L(C.$MYKZ/6\1WUTJEJ4'!\8*
M]]$E@V\Q3RZ


DO2!A;.V_






*?#$T3/' 8DB8 07Q%%!
M'!'D%+Y%,,[7EMV%W,B(41DQ(H,[,A
*^
NY$9&@LI($!FQ(R.9'7N:QA&X


2X'0MQW0N1\$M=X
M



M[(YS[U


G8
[(:U@U)&6HWA@VV&DYW?

/4$L#!!0    ( +N$@DRL+)4%!0(



M
A
[\B)C@R1M!T?NB(%2S/_L@+ Q=WWW-?#4UHW4 51D/:[A.\@?_9&K$UI4

]



;TY8(F+C+/1X=._VV/]B/QMI+I?ZJ!IMKE3


M'23KYPF)EC%=_ 502P
$%     @ NX23)KQ4&87 P  6PP  !D   !X;]W



_Z-J^_'9ZE;T91E


TWJD]1


\#+9\5YYJ
M]2(NG_BXH#0

MQ!FS%CG$9:F'6(8(X3@G!3EIX'+
P0DLXPC&2 0S(4DB&+R2U*YE HB9
\
MQSD





MY&^;)[CRIT4\5\





C9*$G7PYD[8J04\[\G(&PZ




IE5)ON &YG%C7=FV5M%]A:1X$[D

MA()


RYX;6Q]


MQ


-1BC]5;LI#F(1!


4/F_GI
6RR#]FQ
M!
]@QR6

G5

M2P





;%NW=NBG X/:N.VCW:O0^N%@9#].-9E^+<4_4$L#!!0

M+GAM;(V5VXZ;



_^F[B(RLH=B5UC)ROMG]'N

I@@R&




3ZO7(89PW=^17BG0,$ T)T#\/5

M[M#)7L+#H!('X[J9[:ON)NH&1K;]+9L
5_WJ+U!+ P04     [A()
XCOM
MOK


M?17$ Q3;I$D6V9;:3%
GK5+4:=UO8E_'J'RX0.+V[0?8M=S
ZA_#O9QS. =#
MWFOS8EL A]ZD4+; K7/=CA!;M29O=$=*+_2:.9\Z4Y$=L98'4D24&R)%D3
MR;C91Y[!U/F^NP$5W PR)ZE9.;]'H3NYSBC\83/[4N-$B9=^P$O\']Z0[&

M@3T($82\C==1$T];!N)\_J'^(V;W68[
PEZ+O[QV;8&W&-70L+-P3[I_@#'/


[56
M ;..&!4QM\EFO;J*LJ1TY83









M2_G


MO%/9F6]I7BU2IR;)NHQNP[CC3!H0#B*?9#P((F=-W/W/@KLYPCLP@H83 (;
M?W_D[[ON)(D.$QI,W6/\$/FPC@_J^( .FNATF&D\REPH]?I#RGPBLXE  ,
M)0!F91U%\QP0&.@X72AJ!..A@F ":('SB::G8T7N.YG#$H$P
RDYKO
M($P BZQ D15 $
($R(7;S7V@'#TH_'!PR


MFG=3JMM(UO03V!G^!J3_ %!+ P04     [A()
QY!*3 



M2=H.CMP3 Z68_]D#86/AA_YKX+&]-%('4)GW^ (_0/[LCURMT)RE;BETHF6=


M1

5L#*:S561I
M$'R@DSAUDK5.&-SHK#%QFKE%4J=(ZA );T32E9DD6'JQQ^I 91\ZWCB+V3B*


MOU!+ P04     [A()

O


MXN[MQ\6QW(2M?PQ\G'
X!S#%Q
6K[ !4\
;H($O4*35N








1FC$/#A.O
/%[Q.X6D80+!&L#BXO8ZR*V





P0/+








CXY2!;RCDFC2$



M@\N?EZ=/7F=ET.2\;Q,1.X4_+AQ'\G#CBXJ@QKQ*^'WLG?O5*F\/%:/7P]


WGBIXQ43%V(NTK/\[^VLI1=9Z452R

@^P7$('R^EZ1P@S-S(9QVA$5I#(:KI<$<*$

/E!6#(._6XI).!!_^1T.GM'K6@_GXGOGGP

DA


ECO*% I9FZ\%J1]4OWZSR0T#=1)


)-. 5KTX_LSZC38.TLE@W:-


VC2//
0PE!5I?'03H9K'CT(XJ'0
PJ

%Z=Z$BN=O;CFLOH9WUOMIKU'6HTGQGJDIL!F9OOOIADAO\?%
&UL=93;CILP$(9?!?$ :S#FD(@@-5M5K=1*T59MKQTR6@-



0
.?O37E1S(LPN


HI-
M?!R1%:/8_@-DE\;Y&H06]\
\/S^HN+6]#


M
+@JT\UU7[A[[P:*#].3AN9WM?H/4$L#!!0    ( +N$@DP42VA;_P$  + %

!#]*H@/4!
#

V1.9



M0$

JTHEATB%WO?



2T-;L?4K*;M-$(BR@H:(!]9!
MJYZ<&6^(5$=^43'@9P



47L


M*%TDBB




M=CXP_BHJ2J7WUC:=V/J5E/TF,2QHBT13ZRGG7IS9KPE4BWY)1 ]I^1D@MHF
M %(@I;4G5_D9F_/BYQ=95-W=


;OR=.?4^K Y?SN_MG4KFHY$$%+UORJ3[+:^JGO


=_8DM'/Q_. [9 YS4B9



M;6R-5-N.FS 0_17$!ZRYAT: M


M'.Q.=DUS)T1C0C0E)/$_$^(Q(9X2PL28M\J

MF+4.FK




O/%

M'8HKDH
 4MLD1A$.@@-BI.O]

M[:ZM

J.W@M\=C'(U]TPG


^-@;MF((&U25:W42M%6

!

 Y5%1\[P$]1SMQ?:0B/+L6'0RH:W@8#3)GR
MUKO

1O 8DMWBFS




XM1
M'K\$;^[5[)PC2VIV?@:8

%6MG4M@

M\4 6#I.%NW]&#U!+:WO$$8MBA\1IF)///;$FR?$1KWPV183[S&W]Q@I/JMH
MOP2HD%.#O0G8FP\47;.MICTR$ZN/FIO+HFYT2O 3S/I)H1NQU!%[KA=6#


$4X7

M-N4(]3I+O4EOJWK

\[UM C



]:!WU0
 O
M7J7R

M8^@(_ 1!)*DH8L Z,*; 2T.8V%1#NP\T; %M[L[B*19M010!4$5@(2&8'
MD-E!9?:O 9W_E8;0:"Y'4!N!Z=-@4U:SI'-#$GM8+/6REG@61M0/FH#^!Z
MT@/4LCZ5JQM 7#76



1L)4$3!5


6

MHBKBKXO=@^B+M@N 

M4I=U7WP!4)'=H113 5IMD2[XU%QU;NOP!SC\^[Q@X1EBL36.ZB0)8C]%\(

E MAKP+8BUWC%294 KRDW;TH0*I4
^L8
MJ&O N@KD6ZT$AZIZ-!#K;I?JDULZ3**WM4DMH5W=LF;4K
LO-')/\KR?^*



2J^VT

R1'M


JD

MHBSKD?R6[4%JF1#!9
S[\X
14J@D4J6$V+/PRHL6;.L8MD83I8 4)8(R!Z
M+4B=NJ-.

.I .GB;J?I9V=!/E?Z%);/2' (G+;E=+?3+*61Z)!N

MW:X._ERLUXN;D\T?HOJP6*SGW1.;HRXI/LUG[Q^^N9Y_6&_^N]$#+;=_PW#[

M^?/R7


M1WO=SN=]J*XC_]U'/7].VC=\^?-3]/%V]-UH/L_6[?5R_I_[V\W=Y7DZ/[MM

MF/VU^_?^8?OOSWW\IV:X@=TWL
\-NMR'&C3[!LW?#=S!!F[?P-4V\/L&OK9+

\_
MW=Z4VS]VM]&Z^_3'E<_^8O2CC[3'O-UA[  3AIA?$28.,6.-:1HSQ$PT1IX1
MHVXHS^.Q<#QOK6KO4M&/:XTIN_$.A,FV&#+N&+(&E-$^0UTII$AYCW(-$1\
M0%&*3#?'A_T/%*898GY'F*(['Q&F6%63HU










MG4]-*B?@*&[8)[+E6+WE!-.4?=);3J.V_R.@86_(IF21LB[I&X HB9$-R2*%

 HGD('SA]J^OBX!H
M'L('3M_JP92\ T T#SO(0X5KR0=.']'Q L\11G! (:@;P\:*&OK38KDA
41

U#B
&AFE4M\'IB



)WD7!#K*G4HA8^Y#0V$EZ(-85:U K#)I/)?10)




CG
:GP*;/T(9&=5LZEK5

M?E

53

M
3:F:'WY9N'-7$G)\2=UL4M9HA1'73QLW=$J$4?&.N!H!MF+[N099OG#
M2 _Y];68 +[Q Z_%7.-[- ST!/-D'7QX39LH6X,H&HL*6O# *V3#-P


:NV !LV4!XG
MF+6%N;4%V;6U\CC!KRW


BB[(BZ[UPPEF=&%N
M= &N;Z =#GO#BU2






Y'QI]$R=9TIZ4;BME

.(5&U0+%X
M8 /TZDW#.
52A?R
Q
 !UZ:($A1X7H(H[GJWS$WNR


8/





M'(& 21!K3^81


Z.-2+\Z'$U-T;WQ

D!
MDLPAR7T24J+
N=
[0):E:.&8IF &BH0U



U#T2AUJQ^@NKMA]SAP


DV/#+8\TNGS/=RMCHU58_8= '.^M8T6[8[


M9JY

4;U&


#




MJX
Y;V(61P=QY)?:/







M8,H*(A*$\]$ U '_*493G
*4!. 70QRE3I&S(H
Y#.0P@(
]#@LXF.(L




M$S]11]'_2





M*)_G]V4]Q+3Z\2L?Y_-Y/5(5Q[_-H
-7G[7A_N^[T2\VDZ\F\VVZSL?%_.OL


Y
-=&.@7PV4[S0PC8'Y8V [#6QC8/L:N
;
M]37PC8'O:Q :@]#7(#8&L:]!:@Q27P.5[3*7]39Y3;;J;;)+M]*]378)5[TS
MKG8I5[USKG9)5[VSKG9I5[WSKG:)5[TSKW:I5[USKW;)5[VSKW?9U[VSKW?9

_VBK11MK.I^7T]'A5O Q66W5^GM:'@'I3656#U^]N


MSX%M NL
 7WA()U




M^VV+MBO ?R-54W0_&
Y_NA\
+[C ?C#HFBL46VP_&$$=.B[40!V
I Y . U0

D: @(!*@'D8J:EB.A/MGQ_W= 'TP@CZ@

@3I@4@N


4L.'Y1$V =IX$%HF8E
M4=





J61?B0!0 DQ-TA%+ER7Q
M^W

ME5!D*Y4!7B? Z\1Y[0):&4#8)!!6D=/Q:^(-.\R!!&B=I







16K098;%
H+0X


MJUUWZE%;:W$JF_:3Y&)T.%EY@/:+51M?LONG_GSDGYO^N.9+5NT.96V]B49^

$






M=_3V6=5\ _R3F'
YN/;JF;Q9^U[?K+93G]0%F=1LJCI[#X^S,*D:1W(E?%?
M%]/O4];X?5G](=F[FXN;W%I%C;]-]E6AZD?^=[6[.)36KW:\Y/IYA/Z7C?Y

\F;SW


F
L]




?\) [APE

FB$(6O692*0*L\HA1T%8'H#0?=M
(IN$\)!GNGS!3[9LM?

M7[

M     [A()
3?P41





?B\!^_

DA='X_C'LCC<UO36)MLT?WZ9K0?Q
M9)3$X^%HT?SQV;X:Q

Q_[AL_OCG8T%O#KO?M


K;;XFL)?IH6_)Y6Y'


M15UN\PU!8A




F( =+-S8HU/1R?



#W]_5-LY?Q]BIMYFQURXDT7_6P&3#UC


%6JF%#3*KE22A+76
BW*.,2^(_1VJ_.IX8#'I
M4)+T]33F85;5&J?@ZV5(( 2*
-HCOH\K4EG8K$LWQY! HS#Z%

+CK]YG



^



4
MX3UH/NNH1?RB2J\/YB9EU4

Z;E\IUYY3T27M@;AMGG#CT4;-58P


M+?2VU2




J
E]5ECL6


9CH&V)T+ K90J@/N_3=4XJE',ZG![#_L\BZV?]^I?M$@-)1L

U./G;%-D=)E_)NI

RW*9WNOMRK9XTANL/!WX$
%S=;
M1!JD;



6\1!J[$P;#_(L]-1H./S.$OR$H7
OK(E LBUS8))0'C




10PQ.T *



2EL^Z'[




M]I#3;5T:4P3'0D/&Q\T]L




M\-L'CA$
2#NXQGA.%YLY];D






M8:*ST7(PLN.D/%$K;R+$- Q_E66D 61[; R&P\)LW0H=C+KL=O7@8RW83-%W


7IB+/MZRE).SP+PO:V$ 4/=\R'/0TF!A
X[(;Q=Q[=!IGH\$J
M;J*8&2WE&R):A!&2,*(U*K-7+KO+RV,-J41,XM:)=$Z\+99<M%D2?[!FJO@5
M4BCKBP!,*GFHXN)CE\NL^0I[EY$H%BDTKT9&P7N=;#JICD<JB7L*03-XS5H


=_?/;L_860E^YMQ-XV!

M#G3N?)GPN2:+H7:7JAX!8,U48'V2*3$=0WQ$NYOAA$SPB96:[7LXNO)
Y-









M[1::MP73@&ZCZ' _9^ORIA#G

&*J'Y76_7L_W8!IQ5KT%'XWOXB8'FEF(AM;L8SK_'
F
M9ANE:##5_L!P.




M2? 5A;K







^&L8<_<1!]U6'9.!F/5LEHOE0\
M2\;3:3*:C=N8)L;X*
0T4^5#6%A0\T

M[36)EXQB+YC^OC:KX[^LN\-EF$2^9.GS6U7:VDS9F220:.6\92V)UA+=O AW


34!$!L


?#OD*)CP^=YN'9 ^U8S8B:KFF-:C=
MC$
^0-@C20 (40.8Q!S#Y)I3P(*NG8:?RKX3:@7H05_C!-0B3=WF<O^*^*SX


M.OCLPF

&PG\ESG57VX1/RT?
+]/7_]YO6[




MJ2
3N*9!
X^O

0WK*Q6$AZ;LXE 0P:\
M@O#Y;0,:VE+O+JMJ2L,I7^,.973!Z365:\ATNL#('7XX]_'IIY_&)NEGW-
M2RUN+@'_360 [R+OND&5L












OLMR@?/0-8



MY@Q(F+*W#\9




MWI9U!2&




MJ.QY
1&)IX-H(#2*)1J/D; R_8%'1%@;?M%8GX.&Z1NOD
L T0A&SU^JX;NF

M!5)5)+843^94/-%5;7@=9EV2B*)7:#3 +RBQB'! 'T3A!;BILH8B$
 7F%\E
6U$;.UX&RDZG76(0$'YQ$I6G,U!KJ?X\G2IIZUU)7][)1_+A;O)(J
MFNV5



MEJ_+CFA-WEK&2?PVX\8$.O]R.KX81)?Q



#$2NCL\@?B^E$6U4

M.Q4-Y5#81 '-

!'[3%7_%X2TJ

MZLO#PQ[UBSE@U)U$TC
ZHL_SYN&7(S$[.

M^2 
X

-)8KB*'73?V%]'BRXC#7CAP^FAZ\&@

3FY+@JITU5MUN3%6BN[P
XA)V06%YC^

M\.V
'G4N,MC _:BTLH0 V[L:%T;?#,V 4
M)EST/!@2\=$5HU-;*UH#Z ,?<6&N:%30GQFR7 XQ.Y-X2@$1+$O)]N0ME]$
MSI?HW;NM+3C22



9+8/;[_@.%E.&ED24_(YQ6:B$NU:2
M


MW+*(4[;\9RA
6;XF[2U8I$)%T0J .AT/W=WT(HW_1
_45V55-L0G*P!)4'%'
M=XE!]%N(15UBJI6/O X7W8)1](A@9.'XB%CT+=N(?@NQ*/YFL2CZ=K$H_D:Q
M*$(QVPYYB
#\B#P4_\/D(1(9AJOYD^2AY=3AX;N&5G\6@R39:S983^GIVM

MS\U-@M5XZ@MBXU6R&H_[!+'Q.%F

Q

MY-;X:36&UK;8'Y.\T0]VQ48:-%WHH[+*T8!JNWWP#JEF.:?[7OH7%]
256B9


M)N/54C'=3\2E5Y/A;)2




DUC1GT@B$;
<L\B# IHFKT3[8U6BK9P1]U3MP%KMS)+L@NRJO9WP
MR; E :'2F59+UVJ_WH+5..L''8:#B03B-L@GUB:-VC= :X#S9*'AHB8=P<]

ML%%B'..W&+?U__%P/ R'KU&K1U2+-+X3$62 RPOE94YBQ/@)RUYZ:]9^+&D\

)6 'C

M0%QB07+'

'3Y^'*F@^&P?SE_
M.Z8H#O+4!:W 





MR

A\


MSZ%93I/99$$B.S_(T3RVN8%46CBDA/T8W'2Z.Y\0;5M-\/)H@M6L\#HJC7##


M'1@-OZPDAW%'H).CC;!R-1VT9AW8O%:M.

YK#S




M8T4%EU] U(3HX;PVC$M4$0^/9F)D:29-?O2H(:*.'A36B]RF+;XU;3Q-KS









M6_8'* \O).L


_-?N@K5R/%D


/Y'(H2H4ZF
M_






MF2*KOE+1!JA_W.7:PDS.@:T+7!ZUW-YEB78X@H7-YSJV(7C;J402_%N@^/NL

M^)NFL^LXM?+XU
\W]%%L*D*ZJ';5R)KN6@Q'_:=F1!?PR
'W;FBC?I[;Q;
I;Y: 4TS86B-_

)$7&\UF\.*.P73&47/OV#'



7I?.C()G6.PD*FB3X(R*5_;1S^I=$OR/9&[JDN
S9#E9QN,$M7QFPRD'-4TY CJ9
MKU;)8CGCTQLG2_IF.)WR&8Z2T02FVXGQE)N_HS<F3[H9=0V;W@C1*J-X',^6
MR72UI&]F2W9=FP^]KTN,'0P@81XV^Z3T7B83
83H?@=OI-:9D\X%A.BTF(1


O*KU?$]R_/\+?^LG[0KUDTV2Y)!H^G7%PX0K$
M?9*


M0*%4 ;'MV%/X80]^ESU1JNKN:C9L/^
Z#ZZL?

MY3Q[C

R&XG\J\.S(*TI

5VU6Q-77DP


M

MN2OPU V.)0E

M82DEW-7PT_KU!
%LK%0XW\H1Y68DX&&PI7!5?;

M9+;V:= @TS
4B\!-M48X


3MY
MIMR1MI
1U]_*B?\Q

X/8

T< XHZ&1;N)^+K/%*5K^!4(0J?FFT-)C%YZDD&]1IIZRK=$J69R4
M/*XQU3^(27$LY3_ ,+ :JF%@YC.IU] K!!S6'$P;%.E7$2OJ$(G0_&.G: 4
A

M04]8+=:25L


*.Q-)8_.;%Z5(Y9+B9?;. ?34_B
MKP@S';@;^5T(N%$M<M^XM[&(QYHT+Y:1%=VLX:3I['2SVM/34!(/LTS!!]M
7\1@E6+Z

!U3/LC7!!B-5X.

MFA



G
%#5O+*^TSKBY'2?F*7H=3.^H6#W0;(_CF1(5



M4#-7P\X.R6\T]\W[21#$9V.V:L0]KA4*YTL-NI;KRT:VJDFO LD^$B&4U6

2.I#9WS3Y]_=M*Q.D']9J8V:-= 2R4.3C/C/K@=


M!:G9%=BT&H2/





MYV6+/D1:]&Q:W6E'*5O]@W* [J*'FG,M&YK#FQ/6^]K17 (\M$MGGG'\A\
\ER2)0PI]@P)_:2I]RY
MVW:2-Q?#U(\RY A5H[+ZZ[E8]!C@V_LY ?5)LD(5VI==80A=!\%IL--1Y!-5







KOV@*


J*







C)4HM89'%8
M?\6@?8:7=SLL1('D)I+ST??V?Y=1@[42%&Y?J8'RH$A?)EYUL$M3*^'^]*E
MTOFQ=^)=L 76)==&0/YGDSY.5S*AMUHG/$P5;RV57M-?0GL45PB8,*)T@



;0[&%\BA#4LE[.6@]8X0#LG53\AS)I+JN(MD[#A
M[WD\GO3YPMF(W56NPU0J

XV[C/J..?5PAWSH3
NYS$0

%VY*0H@WOQLC0:EU8._H]E2



$#AF-GEM*!T+3AHW0]?*

RQHP#'62$(P[7#RRS# -



F
MR^B;[POO^%UP6;?DDI0IP](N
E\V(U6JU7\AIC&72F)
@*+I\
Z#$IS T4=
M$&_/\RC


S
T.





=#Y(3#M^F]]#K\
M4XXS230ZEY.3C;CC)$8)QZF\6WXVTCANSJMK5'+!^=@4Q-IY6LN0!PB#C0
M
 I_]4T.BG4UKY:3*[BVT$H-9BC?:7G


 O4CP:=L.$;8NXERDA
MYA;AG+5O'YTEL]G
 Y.MZ_F;@.D]^WB-#[%O5XU+J*:(KDV.)[9
IS$QXNT2




%SW7M9AZ.




MR

















E


MGF\Z_L
Y

.6?




Z&B4CKMG$?\YI

5LQ

M88AZAQ$D=?!0/1=(=)
5J%BS?8C@=]\?G
42L;=J*A2WZ[-=AG(L\3GJR6BA

'I[??#[


1AJ:5'_1





M'UR);DU@3*]L_3*$KI5X[($1OVK66[2UB6H5TP G @#


Z%V+B]
MKR.-I0O

M31U4.$!


V%L9! D/S'&U

M#

MZ52Q\L5YE0




<T-Y?BD-4C$!




MY73

Y0]L?0
MH^O
1)ZX
S#UZ
R0Z(3^A

M%
3

MU%1M*Y%6=
73KX];9/LP=@*8[;DDT_'K\W6^^#1UZ%V
@7IWTAPY;%;THB
MSOH#!TRZ-DI[2XRWG(O0OT



T +QCV/B37-E%EW]6@3K]X

M!$1:$+!YT'M#=!RURYE&X

ML%T@=NS[$045J!,&W*6?$5IILIB)K%4F;=994S+E@)W6I8_W27SA/28P!T

5?W&G\V:9\N%\0@




MO!@ALK'JYA4#5I!\W]'A@B?VSU@;'%B/C
@4QT(B'3@F@\.0M!]!KIV:3!-L


TX.'D2][+6_^DI0
M7:0+&K7[M6(D$G]-97V/X?)-!K:_0?^4W[8\J.' [C!T5]






-94GJ

MTD5$.]J(4]%F1ULIQ24&JC[!



O4Y@+
DCYR

N 'US&


D:*J76

ER-





M/2#\TITZNZY3 *5F 

%A2._5;\^QL(29UQ'$)H!S$([+4]./'YVJBU CK
M(
05$OTGEM;R7:8E9F%]X8)[+C/$1IJVT
=#&I$I\K6_#
Y9MBA$:P%QX3:Q

\2;4'/[W%QK6)I
MD

]SN$N

M57=WZ$33M+7I
XOV+%Z[:S*0CCU]*%24A5
04 +Z3FX%A/54=

IM

C[^JZNHW=C=%*=E9


KH0C^6?QS\HG)\YH_H%J
MQ%!%_$6S:!%.1?K=- 2*0V$-!S7'C).^B[9\YO/$PZRNGJEUJ@W9_&OG_A2
MKJI5\!XN37V2X40$J6']1=)$Y=4SP;V(+$?9F0HT[S6N%=WU _9+X'$XFV8
MS2I!:



7'/#^$
9K2VT^\M]D+4B))8$ATVUQ#VVA:*6]


@:+6!0E=[6V3]QT.N*91#?
+7%GD#'H

D^_H**Q.QN3PB8KZZA-K&B#%)4--C-N+MQ9[/0SUSB((:S


1% UD:F*N[$B/*%I




F C=
M)R,VGH\+?'/4$W0-4']2+29 CAJ'P8&6YGW)!%0\6Y0QM/^I*U&ST6+N\T#

M!WDR7AA!1)



M+L;%P+/S/-+2(@

M6:1B&O


F!
M_J?M?-3D-&;23!0L;?H
:A8
BR+

MSY

2QJ!!PN

48@&
^/6E1F_1JRP:Y&M=8LP\]S1:\[C]XOOB+J!IG55DC.6B1U525E
MC82O9=$F==%&H$N(V)./&SQU\K9*FK2*BS)-\K;A$3#1!E T22ODRT5BW;I)







M 8K;%
_.  1X1.]V_6[(:+U^;C!TX:
Y#*J0@71WB[T1#2X
'Y1[/4_)H91E


ME& [2S)

M@
[%@V3]4V2@ K&R7\#JIRRX(OU4/(&[U[PML'!68&]:+(X +G0\FI'L=N=

&[$_\5Q
M$#C!_9L6)6P18QG182GR?F4E_@GMTQ 4F-?Z# )T5?V$.GT9DQ6X
PIS&Z

MKP\\9^R!EJO]$4V, 6L$$X'MXV7.%:
 VVR^
MMNB+VZRE5B-.B;T75N48
MUBRE76KWW9WGOJFGRH




M9A#D9VZN%]/#WK8[@WRE[Z?7^;
:W4OZL

M^N
G\0U H&^G5)JO0J.X :3A9:8,+0D@V9)WB?0<MND;BJ:P1P3Z5I




K



VRRNCWXF!G:AB0

WJ/'ZF33HD

/RV1+G.JG];PT!ADZK/^6/S**LW_O*7N]).MAZTD0?+:

XH&)A+4^
)'Y


M#1.XV=YW2TE[QOGVL%0-]=1%OQ3Z8OH.1\\V0.IWL*;UO
YKG1QW:N^N@N






89_-*MU?H3UJGZLO/FSF

6

M[WS\#DR8]^ C)?HGT8?$_VKZD/A?2A\2_XOI0^(_E#XD2'_C
-=T=W*!.644
[)6?&$<GLE0W<ID-0!WV7-IGWW1.(5'OW&/AM
ML

MLWV$.M5FOMK]B
!CSO\??+E?.

+K[*&TD'UJK(+;V4+:.<D^+8B=?P4M@\C ()3N&'$S'%@5T#4##=L#
M%4;KC1DW#6IS[E5#F#9_-0/H-6=*+&3?*XGLYT&MYGT3:%'E=(OX&CSH_Y
MQ4XA*P[9BWT4P YZ+$C&^]OG/[#HY?!


+PZP\-DGHH
M&_=8/NZQ8MQCY;C'JN\ZS\=H8KPBPJJ0S[(U]#02Z:ALIK:GT;EQ(;3S4 TV






8(124A6&
M3L^N-1Z*


\.
'_O_QA0MVSOY]+ L#'M R3=0]X5

PS)&).O


M+DUDN_6H3;W
5@;SL-T






M?UXA@WV63O\NE





M'8



X9^*28#TV;U3P






\O(



MVVMX;K?'A8=2=SW(




MC=Z3NI1H*@_5
A 2_'H=$STR!2SA+-UUW6=!!Z[8Q
TH-8K*XI@XV+-TZQ$A





M*:3B1!M7E4%3*R!Y8Y

7\
MLF!T9



O')MD1)
M#T82GYFASU^-?7XTYEE\KZO&78R6;;LZ&X]=L52U='^9E6K\GH6QM6S]3_LT



MW*^4)9 I@$P/!CEO34$@
P9'1(R)Y Y@,P/!GDEW9) '@/(XT-GA#($P!Y




QLD/

QVF*M*%2%V_ZY]\)2MW@1-
M[2@FTD3

92;B*.'
$.[/RDD$D?
+ Z2HPRR(7_$S/X8
M3E8&
9%28F:EX*Q%4$PDE9A9*C1M&8IA@H22
 NEE[\
TB&E)
Q*H8G
(!RR


9*#T(+VOW=-)

9*&4V4(]S/ZK'G913&2AE+M_UJLF^IQ^'UU^




!2%


P=%]*-MCOM3EKNUR,S[9M_VE'L;;_AZ

 &3G#91D]BR#92W'R=<)%1BFBE?]





MD56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(JE!D52BR*A19%8JLD56A2*K

B

O
M+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     [A(),9O,+8((   Q    $







4     [A()




4     [A()
'22ZRO
!  !+!0  &

  !D


YX;6Q02P$
M% 
4     [A()


J%1M0$

3(N

4     [A()
M+/'SI;0!  #2 P  &0              @ $%

M:&5E=#$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +N$@DR LL]0M0$  -(#   9


M  @ NX23&U#X4S 0  T@

M:&5E='


M 0  T@




4
M     [A()
4
R=TK




M4$L! A0#%     @ NX23)@D2K1 @  2PP  !D              ( !($8



M='

4     [A()


M Q0    ( +N$@DSQ%41EMP$  -(#   9                ?10  !X;]W

13% 0
M-P0  !D              ( !XE(  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S,2YX
M;6Q02P$% 
4     [A()
(GBLR


R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +N$@DQT

M965T
S



X
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +N$@DQ6W PH$0
  #$


4     [A()




4     [
MA()



 P(  ((%   9


4     [A()

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( +N$@DQ 0SS).P




M970U
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     [A(),%$MH6_\!  P!0  &0









4     [A()
MX+A+.YP


M:&5E='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     [A(),H'R_,N8  .@



@  &0

M@DRP C'FYP
  )


4
M     [A()
3?P41
N2   =* ( %               @ &


4     [A()

4     [A()

7;%!+!08     3 !
 
84  !R9P$    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-18-004490-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( +N$@DQ3_TDIMQ4! 
Z8#  1    97-D:2TR
#$W
3(S
2YX



YTRUQ:RS0_
I6M




MQKKZ?GG#_
1?
_#T/[[S_?U]NOQL+M-2GEN,'NF.@=_%;MN7\R'J/TS3M/?DU?G3O
M23QY/(?P'O_\J/O;D3& !Y[?@P1^-8/-\F'I??ACZE'K<Q'Y?!1*W[41#O/





8FM^O
M7_WS%\M_]VO\6 KGO[[/'#X)VOMLV$YR)SP@
L;:#]SE/Q\\W43?D(&L)_T1

0J@L73'HG *\.OOYF^3\^O7X]WQU+T?H5QAN_%#



_G$^&ML6HF^#/
M* \#D(=&XUPY^N$6Z3Y:N+9YLUQY[A-QQM^B0!R@PQO3$*-$]%DBNM 1OZ&%

'(]^[YWL5ZOW!A%F]MX'C.C0-TFX-U]!:EX! AWI@N&&6B
MWS+1IIZ((NOWR%M:@0\$N[4

M7K_H_W*]UOW_41\.X\2)ZXC]O:-Z#KUO)/Q6






Z
M




_80$ZA.TH.A1A


9*#=L

D7&AA4\F3K['=

M/ I)+VXKI[C=E)DL)M2#F.A:/W*^6_4@EE$/8F-MZK?J8122OJB')+=;4P^;
A0@O-X%)INA:8+
V:%#M7ULNUZ8

^ST%O95_:Q'04FIPD0MQ48_'D4F'X(#.%+


X4SF'#ITK8 PVPHK
M(


=!3?47S+B^^NNXZ%J\RI;[/W0P]8



!^]$7_E^M=V+J_HTS2
M)!C52)8:44F5%7Y@M1 3ZRQH+-U=D'T+Z@AT#XG4BBFU&++H,.XXG*$616



M6H3W'GDSUUOJCH%&)7R0'*
^/B61?CNJN5.1'K4T17@KKP7SP[/[L'#7/CXP


MQ!









M&4#$4[G*4*C





M5 [*BTKR$7ITJ@L)XQK5A2J^HQRYEVI47'_C7JX???3O-0XF/Z&39GD=J&







%[

YH9
*9MTW%.B6_7VE











IT&RU@2A3@


=PV/?4











M-%-.9356DQ
.]O')Z@&/AF+PB

!EJ-*F*%@*



4

M.^!:):Z=H'CQ#F4/580JAK)= JSY[K^V&U(=J4OH/VOR)K?.)()3%\P9DS
MNJD?G%GE%4WFZY@9\&2+X
R+O*K6

K 8=Q9A6!E6J:
M64S



MHZ^I
[(/$EWF6$U+'

MY^1@SS=/G?


MRFNJDK!1




HDYM8LN$4CK%/8:B25RU-T)19.L?CJE!
%
M5=.X)A=.S)XZ
Y




Z3T0YB@!0._2%*2Y+;/)&
M22GHP\Y


M[1AYLL1K@GS4 J($J7D$BR=[\

MB$DU3S][O7 7UCPI#I2'FI3A#M\Q

MSR!ER'OXW3)^(





*\':$S5B7:M&!I\7FB$.C

M*#&E\$G#-T3JPT;F=WWF




MK\857C

NWR($7N=9/;H#6LMMQ
M*BLDMYJ


T_N0%\VK:B
MOKV]H.D*P')U80..T/N)PZO@&V&V.'M@G80HX?Y@44M0V_N#A]X-8UT86G

M&NC_9


651:


MFWOD6:X9M3I(^))-E^N(B^E3]4:K$^ XZGRHFD=.I7]5EN5D85!:T-IB0B&I

T4N#0!5-%31%T



2PXN8EZ+

_-B&5G(

M(JNDJSA6YWEI6

-08)S=ZG

MB\8KG-:X[%Z#%J591QS+J6+CTILK

D;0P:OI/SNGT?8*VE
ML@_8Z:*HI2O$U0=BZ_@7+OS#*8HH)-NH=8%_2O02_;KJJ98EJH(H'$4P#X8&

2+VB&)R0SE

%/MG0JK5H=Y
MEQL;#9Y7KK@$56GFJ I/$8I5@8=V1RU)DF3V=1I;!W[)!U\=$::PN)BI_7



9F'K
2R7'HWIP6R;@1)UTI6W7:P

SD06#WQ3(6.K*O;;0$_5=@3?9$
M*O5^


M&-HMF. YG



MF6O=OEMAI^;66EK!CGN6=_Q\( HZ7%QS#J;S5

M


]7-%$@40_5)A6;Y;=R!/RYVOY_ A@=IWW/ !






MW[^;19&=.^\;GGZ37HD
& C?B+S0P4






:HVG





3%

!59X.$&'
K

MY2B5Q7G*G?O,&2E@BY['IXLSZF]PC,O ^N[]5+G(NV9!_+7*H5=566A!XQ



D3













MK=)Q$;+1G OGIKU@*WOOUF9=9*H F:BJFB+N71+
@(P$B0\=^VR:1-PYM:P$

M%

M'QW)^XO^



M1M
3.+OL)M*%;+5W=:Y&8+OMOU$*Y/*[3 =R=6X A#Y9![6H74'A1)[RKG)R
M[H9A[DZQE@&VG








M4DSN-5'BJYPU2G:_



A\

INMF,9D2(B  NGSBPBD-N.PY\]%Y!Z
M.'?
OUFV_3^_6\8/Y/D+?3DDG-2(;YM+

7#

XX^]XB?6Y]4' =QS$CG&[JVNPQ;LL:.E
M@K/D&';'9CGW?13X%VO/0WG][H\;C(K
\JE+-ZE1T])8Z/R(LLJR=/LSF)





=[M('$X:B
[]J624V*/Y=$2J(
M(JT2$R)( 1=8)!


0(Y/

EAT*_T5^]Z#

MIV@37A#JHU0?9*^ 8JG&ZS8EAH*P12





TXI-7&.4WY4X534


$4\'!1+N B#
M9=S/$@]^[VAIIB)8N(OUX%

)3C(I&CP$T8C@Q


BI0DVQYA8
MP2IGFO;3&8.S51QXF+&VCUL.LX0Q%_8KSE%Q#&NEV\S*7OO; 59AV1]RU/YG

LSZ:']W&_5O X'E\9G7E\NPT5E!Q@WAY%VM=/(^[8HB
M)TA+3I[(U
9E!TD
E8_ZCB]S-;'&?6:A/R%8?/ST%1X%@R? #91?)PQ.A3'7
MB$$6OH;/_&WM($9@B9)5&3?]A48L
9AS
\_4=4!5N Z
'.N-1QW
.]K%W3^_

\:Q]C].&*_C\1&#EDQ=[




?V[773J![KUDB]@R&

0G

MRZT+KP:X=7:DW+&C7
;HZ


!.F6W&:!;W
.L


M6FIR4B7Z
?K%]04MBAW?]-PSIO-V\[WEJ]D

MP[(MDH!T


883(8 0)_
M_QJYHBAU+Y-Y1OUSUQ.]\$[)6RVYP[=7
+SMJX*;2YAMFR3#HU/5X&OWS==V

S=1-!'LEHKW
M[BFHCT3?5O$5\2)(--ZS4T0OVT/I-S:)EW44]840SQ8QO02=][I7]AAY\%
M49T(XIB D (Z-!:HT@'8=MJNYZ%^ =S
F-%UPT.[S5@=M6/.
.\&. AR+1



5-G!N$8A
IG= H5C3'N
:8\Q
M[?[1Z71BVI6
P5CM
9?TG(U]A&\5M-<#\<.:


G
$$VG(=*;YX0)IQ8]A^Q;3+;0
M8BX5HS/WC;-Q







MV?B];IE3RQFI5XIZYX:Q7JYM/4#F2
%2%$QZ%&DI-W42,U2U-RV=QQ7=)LV
M:(MY07VRFEI7%J2'YRC9Y?:J)6Y+,Q)OE+Q1\@9$O M]9;6Y)9T6]2[1S#*L
M4?;*42\,\3,_1U3\RTC&4F3$-^SQ:-A-9&
;?;22


M?(8C=?Q$$N%?MFC63@](U5O9DT9BUD9


MXXSP(-[?'
1WET


QPT1P9V5RB:$


F FII@M?6O$#ANN'I7;_#(8=STX$7I@P
MSU:P8$P4Z

MDX'38+B'&#
^\IXL _G
DUG=\
M$C5:
)$[P/4KTB&'PD5<G
MK';Z_N?II^#BA7BF
1Q AB&G#S]%#G8_33U]#.J.4&:B&+UVETU645UY.20
MMBC$H$$F
896^JL[FV&;QG:=^31 WI)QW&!

Y\FC*



1P_YC.&J;T\P'C[69,?4$*YB ZK
M]N

7F+!&B\4_S]I@G#LV[@5PIU^
MY@0O2!-5'H^VAH_ASZ13RZBU1XXWQ?&:C+#*P:1S\U]K/U@BA^3^1)88-L$\
MA.TN%&823?V5'?4I'\5WQ+ +# 7A]&VDT^?BB.&(X8CA*6!8DP%30Q3I*PJ8

7R[&'8

L\5 KW33!OIB&0P 29]**'E-LO]BN[^]9+T;B


&J/&WY^N20/^.Q

]
&M!%&E

=5/-%2



M?C$AE1UF'YG-T.3_O'(F &?2(H)S^:W9*YGYG/'72WCG%2?VZ[;-^
D6=7J$
M


C85U&;

MK0






MAM^=5J;SPP(Q




AZXG'[I:JJ/*_W2 3A3Z
A^;]DSO*JR[C'NHOEK('NZAQ'!RJVI99T\N
M;H%KXQM,0^58[4W0JG09LW;\L9H+TS=?T:S__-WW<
FWQ=BU_7:  :KQ%KJ

=

B/H!BGG6?^3




M&Z:K/U@7:N=8E3V3+(=





K^?/ RQ%Q$U7C)RQ'6]R@IV)&@:EXQHN%7*M&
M4&W &JY2U$*IGIES

FJ0EKK:OC5IT1VHA:K


^HFV@

MP=/C4]8$)3 3@!
C9N+/TKM?A7P@2\%X]?WRY@.^/$M2Z^]F%^3F+'FNVO7(
M%*OOR;U//\GQFZ_7[W[%5U?_^OX #+ND_+K&@]_-[E;(TP-8Z-_1'%\C]8NO

MTJ^B_F4KQ8&NHX.(#34=92/TE#7T0&,^K.X#G+-2TC*N]!Z1C0V#W['H.(

K#G&7WTJW[?;Y?-+7#38=J7L'-B6U
Y52AI

MR@H6R&/^MG80([#D($%EW/07N6Y5T]C0L6(HV!15H9FRQ6F=R5917=HW^(LK
9?[K




0Z/%





Q$Z![.T


_1NEMZ-SATS_ +!CT52O(MJLOJ *4I.


$%L\GR$-%SL :C5RMZ-;1T*C%[45KQHBP(&;0Z
M
O?LP :\L%;'LJY96 ^GAJ)6^!T<Y8/ZA;
MU^J3-?]$[O!=6GY@$7OP]O8BM.&FG
I)@L1)HMP29I]POV;D8P40]Y+^A@QW


M8NK(XDK\T*ARE'A5C 





LEIPZ(=43+K'LL4-






MSL1^(\(+&_
MA8 (T78 9N-SDP0RL+(3WDM<6C)
M'M%[&^D#3C_I ;JW=0




M&QOH


5Q&TPL60U?Q=]!AD49V8

MT/$0T 7[CLJ:Q*OEH
[KCZ8Z&L
ULDGW;=\TEG Q\G\)!8$





M






V3RZ&[L9A+I%!E#3N(B\3BGC157%F

;G<-6K
M/






MFBUX76%##$;0H_DY3CNDXX5+ //8:U,!HR^1G@Y+$%Y@S(U8- 2=D6P!F.
M=J$[NFFE]S0_L>0 D*7EQ!H*+RP;1ZR8Z%$@_9Q




553
M_H12D!$P0NAT[.G![DO
)Q3NAQ8.\TV8T )+4702&U6N_H.!)6_&TAENM%]@
M2W =
$U@?XNVR%&?;_7Y5]TW]7]/03&:Y


14$(0

$2/JE.!$HVL

MS6)O%#CJP\:
20$0+K?3$*V]#KTMD!90S1L7

MB8]13U#(MZTEJ#0G22!LDA !!/_#6BV)9(*Y 98!2&! [EIA?FZ)2W:X%3FK




0 #Q88Q:&Y];%



MAG\A;/:Z1 -'^P6; 76SJDD!U^'F=UP+H

/!%_O[@

Y_68(*MF9\?'CXE/=K]-CST@?][#Y0Y(%.?*%+=_T8
MG#\TSZ[0$=  M3K&$(O%4+/UR.%0MA\\W'UFB#%D@\& 9A2O8BO]V;;^&\+
M1Q[#0


M$1=$_V/O9+V
F#X5- I92.:(XV/UH[Y%%60WHL3#.^)\%11G4%TQKR,G(1
M1D1M&9GCCDM0*20'JA H&UHL(WWJPTT!?=T]^


ZK1Z.VQEH
MZL08&(;_GE'!F= SIUEG+)NC2Y+DP3A]W!3ANKY$A677.W*Z29=I72L %N0
MP*MN8PI)Z




8P
MB
[GR+-Q

MF^NM*QHOW'\
KE(^[Q3#:)@KB0%H +75=DUM5P)SG6 $ 0WR$;+1PV5L])ZO

M4/=J%114#= ]0 )+^0@92\C60'T0W:AHON),NE(7_WHIQG6Q5E%;B8ZEJ8=
MPK9VXR*7?A )2E^Q]*4W%U^9SCFR-I
0=Q+;A6-?A-6+#@..A7+3-DS'/['








M5JD$KNR_86T.HB.9R/


MM*:5LY7LKAX0=0+X+YFSPTK

\VOR5.4GT4WDYSAFDR*M%'<&BVR,M!@!M)'&X4P'0=89/)7-
M$4&95&H0!Y($O./5<E*E^2R6Q7C.HY2FWG2YII[Q4GG:$FCHJ_/HVF&<4

MN!HT)@J*ODQ%MZQT(9O_0
X*Z=*L_[&H_J/


M0O/^9




M*NTADTYE/




M V

M-W5.CIA/.@TAT#UV98K$
LY44QIFSJK$U*!$[C%F8)1[KU'E5Q*D?RI52B5H
M4A0':9OJ2=G1C






MQLO6+JF[]BE
H


*/)KI0+J93!HH3'6#*(J&RML%?9XE[O)U

ML![$CE7O8FOJ&.. MJXQ7OJ/;&C )PFV\# P95
/)N
G;)N7.C2I;]G@4%4_

R
M2YIU3V2B9*+%&KYI%B0:S[Q





MY/$)O%]@4P7CF-7$)778
@&Y3M :.D4
K_29)%19Z$PL%#Q%8I&

M%4UA ](BGD+-'A_XX:J;X_1D:9XBJU1.-EM16$3@B).#YBOJ]TN&K-ND:5



KP-:


Z




%!!4DW2E0:OX



MH IO GU



T\RK[WXG?Y









M4$H.@*=#([7O@UFNC/&4VR@'BR4UY3=[II
QQ1.:59M&$G0@VTS+O0S8%!ZA
MZ'2JS2YC
ZK9%CM/2!G
(V.8/3LOT:F2R3I#=

E/G5YS5_
M

M$2IHBJDLJE'85OHOG
M &%0I6B3*@LL.N33B^R1SFM19?L%#$L[=1B^'G:
MPGV



-ZE4R=C$.0O9'-*J;I)

5YII1G6P&LVR#.18W'L70V\I80N=.L=F# ;F^D9G\9
M?%=^*$8D:?UIOB P)Z%5I2U_'Y-U[?M;NCGG9C%DC&GR#)L$


MH^)D+FC(@9R_BGX3+*MZU%%^Y @8X^1FRD55D8WRY0&5 C0'94Q*)H#)B$&1
M$8&U9SISJF

WT]P?JC






?=M=4;$MK5XS++4J

 JK2:
M.S&KM'




<PGMC<.[DW[0EG$IE__17SSY*F
MG\)\O^S6:20YE'4(LJ9D'4KFB$OR8:8Y3K


MC)@HW7%CUO



M&!Y)FDJOM2&?XD5E)6M8R5PKA!JQ KI+M%3YCD4:(]2QYM?8;L67!^UP#4^
M4UZS *V#7@5I\)B]TD@*LPT9RJ5R7#U






*P2!]TKPK9!=!@I!B<\,ECK/!/O5G9

M26EG-E










M'J^MO1O:+\+:J8P9%ED^1D/!PTSQ.QMT:;L*_Y'C/WZA\N3/\0STY@04!;.'

C_S=?WUJCKF7G0FL4;



MV3TE3*Y'^



A5


7!)[
M#NCNUPM\&/?YJJ*I)KVHSG_EZ:I%


KF



O*RI2'6!WK0^7[


MYT$B# 3TEN:]3CYX?F+'4=(V=HA
]OKVR&L:F=P&+Q?A=/\5]G9T2S4/9)
M8#9UQ9Z?]]WIV^-1_UQ)EM&M]QMSNX;U?_HJ1F&)G.(PSO #=[ED
?VJ'\)
M@;%]7Y#7(#*;4L%-FU5VED(%\\JL*QQ4-

O =MVS42C:3

G- -W;(_=L]$




K:W=ZVJL^V2&W@DZBWQM<[K@HG
MVR9W6=6UIM(2OH38/3Z:?529:VK[=BNML$YNMI*:2L?2VDKI_:ZG<+#5I_%
MHYQM:9VWC0!I/6[[]K@=6:E]0;ZR8]L#+\@'=A:Z_3/\79_R) JH2P+RK7GP





L:#S88VA_
MIV




M@3$)&SN.8I/CX%Z$C[5U
MN$Y:LA?57P#(\5M5@W5(K5!O6/'=0?GF-0WRC1
MNRFZ

:GH=:








M/F)/XF@:+#%A-
S38@'X*8]&QG;)_:&[.K?9[;K=\O*IF.8)=Z/VK7LNM.ML


)W<
M<\:72_BNW6M<JWY9-]4QEZ& -A([OT.V(QKR?U?N9_ ;YL2_!CCEIKD?_&3



MWZJD]@B(A KZLD=X(O*C*:

D82.8Q0@!_.6<*8S2N!W&:L:/Q37[8@@)
/@2

M^$$D-E9@W@


\ROSDL8[$'J@
P]P-V 



MZP@8+U)K_S]

7<48]^!:7HE]XXH[5.C^HZVZ(<D#[M-Z*:#*[=DU%:[7P

$!90A&PXN!F\!C2\H_U[KCX6)8
YD8MS








+5_@]BF8AI
M('
AHG90YY89.&/7WJLWL

MYHL\]*DL.]H

A(_6&Z=O+8(P!.7!QC$B\7P.
M7
/R;_T@2C-KGE-YMLSOQ51?6:](0*[(J5B)^0WRSQ9QJE(J; [+2K BU\!
M A5A!- $+@ ZQ\E?+BVVZ4?.Q[/5J^


X))X13_^\BT
X
M

M)N):_A1A@1



(H13Q%324'?_A4M^

MN+ACZF)U3L*BSS4O^B=+V:#=3_@?@@FN/RJ!:2K)B4!FXZ8)0_2(YY#C=)H
MPYLCN/Q(%'IH%C;\$#1D-:!Q, L\IS#X$\4(\8THSG@.5(K0I]T@E:I/'

B=EYQS[+QDD AQZQ*1-(#W\!9 &=X*
MLYYL(KDC-$!68/VF-<W/PD]7,-?*N@VR[INAVX:,/00&]<)IG#GSE W MU4


23*%

AS:[NB





=L.4*[G56WSX.?EFU@



.TB)0A:*[





M3&*CIV1RSX- ?0IS(F

9?+6#-%'H79-K3(2H*$38$3^(E.$&&^



M3 


ME@77:E&*YR61_%$\3K,^35)K5I2H=HGIP'EPRVQ EO#&Y@#-*./\BQ
0[(

M
):DL^5VT?PA%S.1ZIY:0^0=VC\Q@G]^)0-SAGHM]Y*-16M5HDI_Q[/PB)

TW=.[YE;2







M*C@#5)TM[7DM










U
53!$H%Z
ME^!

M3.)YD%E^EB7!)


PW35^\9*1?

MZ

?[(6?G(;P+:[92Q

MH:HB2$3H9V)F^='


MM=
$U!K;^BH2UAM0SW918D0'AQDA(YZVG;/(=[S2@H:@
\'-L]S^E8W^#%

M[1CP-Z






*2K!%%

ME$30F&:('$9=? X1X)@\D2A1^8





5+BY=2/P9*U8S

MYJ


CP+^H WRU1\=F%V*M+Y&F_1KN$[H8U4LU
BRL_0;51_)<B!-Y)=KP



MW%[](Q




M .4$00]F^LWS. SC!^6UG ?I%+!+SCGX!9W^L-$BL'[![(]7@CKOY
X;41
M/H'7WL_9T5[;J@0'C0'G87: O[X!3
-/?A?+.







M%;[&68F](V\'I46F
GP0*1P :Q$K(  


M8/($/ ZKCAF8A%+WYH[UWP5AE(YEAF-&
R:0JO-U$&/X;MX.F?BSK5%3I3


?]6R1D7QWR*)U_O




^4%H-*M:BBH_'
R!#;N


MCGE('
G

M+KE[!
/$0-U!


M(GO /L[:O48 48ND*^]MM4T22^E7[64S=!QW3$J.5RFC9\(W^9
G3=(ZQ8^^
86[E0A%#GU1<3SV %TQQMD2^7X<
7$_OD3NJP]U*4D8&7BX;0Q4)\;_!

V]'[ 94BZ90_QJ[V$W\S[%J8Q'QJLQ9P*UM5./?BW
MK8]*BBLX=)0/H* &:499V#)N8Y%4#!7M+N'DUQ1R=*C0@DTS0Y4# IYB^L
M):V771O=Z7D;QQ( HUDL*#XQ)Y]QB7=@=? ]6


M3\/Y$



^?].BN@[5?U9



M%[3='QIO;=OI8.H-@]T0.NIXVXX.;8*5/5U1T)


U9]0WINF-T&\M\)\R'_:^X$Z3CSV[[VRK1FW 4X-7[CKT


M-546]XNL@Z]R )-LS3UX_@&


M(]MUP]:NVS:*ADTS!JU==RJ[;M#I[^I].T^[[IG
X/PLEQ- = Z0OS[9\M&8
MUMO*ECWX##W'=D=N*UM.YS
\A6SY*R6
ECXZAS36P\-0;OL71%D21&DPU54#
M!$I=5G8=L^$.@.[('A^VN^

M[BCZ?0W&(QPMS34E-2MACP6LK.!.K





TT*0JG=CNZ_


M5^D
2
A8X@%P./X-&Z

WB][A#ZJ@




C




MQD3.GU'

M\DYE5'*-03'&J=^U1[U^84E0U%8WWZ@
!BZL2X)EG1L
S0.:-+U
XJD0
Y[2
M[GACV_6Z!_%B'
])L3H+K]Q!7S;













M]@#7@(=XCA6Z6;$RE
#%+D.JL1D D



M3$5BZ\97

ME)$U(!#+1

MHM8_ $KK-PFV?MCYZ2WLB& ISRVB^S3RZ#[QK+@DER&%/%KZ 4#LAW!G.X!4



;Z(^
M=K$


57P-



YZ%#Q2


MF@)682]NWQZ
NOB\P:M31J.RM5@07VO3\WXCO7?8&R%:8P=[\& !'81/DJV
MCYH;1V=+G@& *]:N:75Y]$JJNS?H'GR(WQ4:W_B0
TCM1V-
3$0GDW]A9

OO]1O_P;_L+D;LP


M9%K?X.7;X-LC!



1!AQ
D.U!8R-#





QF%(#A*+A&@GWL.2\QB&H6%.H&A$*!J

MJH?\-A@Z]R7-29#P)11O78
\&?:1*0

_^ Q@]0 C_'2!)HATDXTB%&528U3S7



M1H:DVK.UW)XZ6YV(@
B*@T@-M?L[)B!_P9%YF



UE<,?F$%CV2G%0:O_I-(6 W\K5K/.S#N=NIBO3'_3MH==%2'?C48R7G(R

N)!Y4)GAH!G#A9&9V*))L5$V3!#A(3
MY(8@#^ *R NK4\=)?4Q\FLV7A



(&
G7K-/P- *AX&M6R]
.



MZ0]''3!6%#'^*N[]F0_
[Y[NU=?
S_*


-M2L (EU5S
M^F:3G1%HYNKGV1W ]&\QLXNWP8+XW#PH4LXF


56D1T]G$
M!\KI6+_! ?HYQ83BQ2+(
(D-(RH4'^&]98_2L9XND=PF-




U*AV4[5^
$0J$P34$H(!;3;R+ FJE,,3U1O(2M1DOIG4<MP]ZCU 7& \
MTTJFQQ0NMCP@LOUAR05C: 8T8JOT$6D!DVX!/Y,J*6<CU&JA'+&R1(#11@;
M)95

M5P9?DJ@ AA;$
VT%*




+%P

MO@@DEEOBE






[G3K/%H;$[] FVAYYG][=NSKPWS+Q G/9[8WO8:SH:;QN\
M[.FB/6_H3N/]?P++F1I:W
;Q[#2C2BYJH(4[]NQ1USL)HEXANGO]KNV.MQVR











M@5LI_Q)$P2)?_Y@P? +MXA./\7);TLYLH82@--+3V8=4*U88B?+*5 =#_A


X_*8@82MB  (.'9-Y/?_LQ+X @
M!;YLRL;6UJY

M_?G%^^.:5FEU?3Q<[0 OO
GR


IB



R=+LQ;DBOL&'?[X(97U)DQN3(MXPI[_#?5


?B_[.V[ [LX?Q\AI/9'CY?5%%$^%CS\







LP#1.2K.^D\YYI^J(D'*_L_7K3\


M^6(5! 'Q!!0%

N+E+W&4)&H5S\0TBN$WV$8;



8E
MAVM


J[7:K=[(\FX30G8
MB?I#2]^^Z=G8K!F

W(C_N%RDHV









1MDNIY;?)



MQJARN[6O:1EO908CM


KI6XKUHW@1/JJ?;SJK*<C%8YF]\O)Q;?$
MM3KI=XO\G7%]\FW!M='WEO6$;RUT;ZP&5[C4UD/W?%S_?*[GXV$Q#[\ 6-RS
M2&%$S'JT


M:J2PE\6U&BE




M/_KIYOP'QQ

M 6+






M!Q'2AWK86



D
44QUK'6DJ\XC&1K]XR8]6L


4N@1

QA@ZFR3-WV!QQ

V)/UGF
MPFER-:UHFG5&XT&G$

MK. #_3)

=!KZ
ME%3(ZXSZW3753:*



[G*1BW.[;_;04!

M5D+P3D3L-*

.!/!9H\


M/%-5

MSACF$P@W29T?P4YIP


7#KYCPIQ31Y.&2P22!+L3R/'3 &-,D18LWNPQ3$$YSJX5^C52+/C

1Q#__(=
M9CQ

#G@[WC

M&RX)A@N4D:


-!











M4@3;((TTG
MPTB1N)]D=?.F[5-!*
+GS6



Y!2TN@$.&G3I8@S'+D*PHQN)8*N@7
;631GU&XR8%@#V' ;42A



M(J?$D
ESJK18@1UP-7^)C4+']PJ2


;RP_]T!




D[D
2&7SF-6.E61^S04S;0@)F




M(4Q)-=I)V-]#.Y&?H]
AHG0CLV= 
NA+^ATH=Y-)*+61]RA9]4EJ3 Y$BA;
M2BWA0)& =WRWFE09/KJ5$_$ZK$@Q)&;5%KJH!JYHQ=:R&BZPJ_O_6E*';XD

MF




M


MU5-;P*X+ B890T0I+GQUE7:




32IGM-*B03TF]0&CU=STC-N2$7-(.WZU4JOJ#D1'THWXNHMM(QKS?XM

M&!YV[\O;!H6C!AO+4/8B_F%-[



(DC?.!_Q_IVU^@NLQPTL(7(%\0@!1NR/W7@SR

M]?!E\
'?683_1^F-
KQ(05$.!O#.P(1+8GVYXFVNG'*P237VBO6LNG:;KG'%



M.TWN3BUZMF&E0*K+S1Z^6TW1L+=
A
J

M#L8C5I?OI.=MQ:7?G9 J
_E==AD[?)7XNEB!9+%$;]J%IM8SI8[QRM[NHIO\
M

^''



S14LA2\KV7S:=&[PTVU3JR NP

FDEC'+ORRVN&I-3+G%)O4VC

WYBN5;
EWNFIUFJWC&DY7@G%*U(8
MJ:Z:=3D%3:T3;9+.-MX&'X'.XK&BC-M5K=-$&:K:]]U(LSN)%K[4H&/=P?
M




MT2TRG/T0S.M5?-=JSRW




M


9!_(&AP.4)NA*


2Q

-/73


104
MLY/E55QE.I-BE
W

M19FM3'^OC#J8*7I6
!@A24#0E1+ROO/VYI=&U)59(!
036*7<!NKS-IXF2$<?!2(LD)BC9
M(OT6[L )F1A$2G$C
7PA;:59#KG/WLKN9](W&2A61/QG5UJAH%S20:DR$?H)




*IHVEHG=;A\2^#RNPZCUX
MZA-\)9QRL18@?;XSFJ86I4_-&^ZZD@/)S%D3_$ ^5NP3$BCN/X3\5+6AD;U1

RV_&2T70\_@



PC])


BR1OD#
AK+4@;Y[1FDWG9IU(A5&HI4HW
M:S%XQ[FD=\D(NR:,F*(3BTL.*,XFEHY*63'//=M']#!LBPT6B#RY.<D'D/W
M/_8'W4:W/V!%WQWV&H/1$!7]U$^P&G
S?;^A(E_NSZ3K?5Z:RB\&F$Y5T-C
MR;EP)YBC#.LEX9J_D)X_&I5^SG@SC


][$H^(
UG^5*

M1U=!






TDG/\MO[OA:'QV4+;)-_-7451L6$3DW*
-H

MASN!+D

M.^^N9!P[QH7XU_%44*




M]ZBO-H^@.V:Y
I@NW+:P;<-Y';(F1R=N%%;

M1[@3$Q=E4AD(LXR :)5%P&^V\X=SBAE!D9P/MFUA\G?NA$$.UGX
$/LHB]FU

MS;24FMBCK4QLYY7?%
V&\R\W)




?:
3WH8;
0U67)-6$D7K=8G$07CJX
Y@*J1DD?G]E








NA*)Q@S&)$BM9


%P?+EY3



M_RL+%JNUO2W0&$JQ!%H#\2FMWNVV7@
5?/U?*&O=PD1%WNNGRG5[F^Z7H.O4


MZ2SP+G719H\/#IS 9E1%WG/LRS:1800%.$:YY (W;4-B2\BK-]FZ:&O(4K^E






#$W
3(S

3@^NCT],M[Z]_^:__].?C_\]F7@G!(?!!V\:^9-3.HO^[%V@


M_[-EIS&*$UYTNO/P;F=W9V=G]Z =^CGA?H'\_LWYBK]]^$S^








M+!P_BDP?N-I*+#52]1I;W'I^7==S3B/-_N54-ESEIR 1G9/;$!]PCF


MXOP*
Z&EB%XO$

M7 \G*SG?
74/ROZ





JK9G

M?H2C4O10-5VM(&*T74?;&=(%ZR*[K=I0RM+*JF.DW\;*YRA.F
R17-*NH[4)

MC

IGF'&




MMV]4QW_*D)=QY



M*;H=H]4M*^LZQIA7:W24HA!6M%W*VN\#$46WF1Y:X+J-K^75;


M.?



$C$)B:]G?X#)B43!C9Q#@R1=!N5M

MM S 3SE/1&='$8^S@.XF4DX^Y@*W!5Y?6)_!\OSEI
TV+G
Q1';K^
%?(#JO
M%9;F$G=!&*S4IQ0Z@
E[BM/_?XW8-XA^CM*Q&(+(16U$6JH+IS=SR *UCY
<6B.4/+9B%+P
&Z*K#H8QSP



'S'SLW')
M%ZWDM.,.5&3ID^M)W(#Z?7IV,15?8W8GXJBV'FY!'++9UY#5A?=]&AS$N$*/
MT6QV.3N+Z#S&;FS(6EK*]
WDABR$]B8;^
(#MS!.L-1LI3;0G=X2NX(!)'!


M.P;#L(T-(C=C#-;



MY?#->U5.D3DJ,O.O@A)Z$+7([-)JAA#D]+AG9WO
MD-TUW2C-ZA6S)721MC.W]6VR?

D:P-[=_E?\A?*=+$AO;16O?



MF2
JO_50GDBNG5XVM??-NL6UQ%UV$'U5Q6@)V[?[M6&S6AO? 6&P\TJ:AA0?
1V+I[#K[O
MH]QAZCR;6OKG=\$PGA(Q8=PFL*O



S68D)$C+U#8!]2[%-?#%8QBH


89]/[XU=.]RW40Q


MY4PVK-[E!(Z(CV$F^HQC1
+K%?*QO$:C*E@S6.^23-?7A +3!Y#PJJWV6
M71 ZR+(V1?JZ%>S3


C


Z4DS5(6T(E&0NAZ1V8RW*7











:
E'&GM$-&3EC]M@!,&$7A*$4CF2B



M86F8G76-W.^(L;] I_ ITB1


K7.'J@F

P\@N@[U% DRJ=+;HKOL(J=X*N)]E!%%=@)&4^
M


O08I\J/
M
9W!3?&
G3]C?D: @[=W:B8




IX:U49


M=DY1JUR%*PJ+OKQ[(+6UMQVH%6D9]@Y_8AI3)W*43:V'9:@-:-AU3FU$RA
M?*93GJ9%_ELT:YW%T=T-39:J&A$*/2A;.^14VA2BX=(YE;273I 5HFIK=R^Q
$!:?1$7E@&=%LC+0V X5T;KI8-DY%5WQ)(:(!L<DB5ATE\)J)%_F1?Y+





1&@85RIA93BQ)^&W()%[H%N6U1K:'@8)B:=G=


_Q#2

UO^RFH:*$7BZJB

;!6V[%-(XP]I



MTM!\.SH43R
_X:^ES6GY\S22Z\-KCXT1T$B5;]D6EXGDW%L'R]0++VB;*+P&

MPP* ^UNV1X:6V7:X_48Y74.%2]!(G6_93IF)Y+9 [8T2O28ZET1M^6S30\

M ;GGK41CK [PCI]IPFLP:28L/92CZ4G#C=HV08U_A%+
#ZM)@V?









MYR0C:C8DM[AZ*TQUN/P-4Z/(_5^^AZ1')$&DQ43Q 5(VICQ0/)F^)C15AM
M5+]-PZXB;+SAGJF%







MM-.^'LIN'JZ:L.+Q[QX
57V'0-&37)+4(4SGD

M'FQ[I1Y6
;1X'7U23;/9C_-OTO94U[:_)3^G8;2V7JFWTOHYQ;F3EO7F.J;9



@X5]VW1MM*.R/;29A!KZ)+3
MMNC[Z)Y$=\(S1=@W#G]E81YJ9
PC)]X+3YC$S#;7OA,XA5])F\X&1$%%(

M.H(X]F41)T\DT65G&B&Q'0SHE=88YSW$X]S


934$T1]0#CRMSDTXU
M8D'-WJ)RUBA[Q9\#!I@3^AU-3-@Q!W6E+:FJI%J?98W9U0X)Z-FS?5ZW/:B
ME%W:







M^1=02P


C
Q





M\OKU]^_??P[9D_N=1=_BGSUFQNZ6I9%'UKQ.;T_.G?_]]L1Y^V;_X_[;=_O.



/[E.::_OBJI^OW=SRQZ


&Z)'1




%S[(M[+_BIQ9&U[1Y+_D]RYSZ;]/Q:TZZEX;O-)4VR)8GW

)470M





MCS=BTEN4J:G46D(['EI3-7;C.H#'UE2A!BP&D'Y/'#3Z:4 V/;OTZ]K+N'#O

[6OY9_L,-W\G&-\1C?<;4+?DQC=0IS7O8?0](7

MH+3I5J +W@/&OYKVSA:L!M2F9/&SE ]\\H6&=)DN+S@_PD=^1O0U]$F4I[.%






MX6F0?8VO*N2A?]H'K&EUIZY[9A2@[*!N2O'!;QCO7KJ_TW&UDQGW17U\E
M42I1V09*JZXNARP
?MF].C,]B4Z= 50X;ON.A?NBFF) 3BN[8@
MUH




M#X

7V=;:J
YS\:&[

M'1 TO$&3TO676.4 &:PM4E9X8=Y)(Q!IQ)&5;J!6\!HKUCJ50+#;AE\&&-9
MI2,WNPZR?1A7


M(
&:@$?M=J





U$[[/

MVZ)6*/H74/8DN5S2@VU)]+50R ;XB&LC[3+9?]?=W*!0=GQ2)38L.D?QU*
M+UG+9?ZP+7-&X10D_4M8?M98+N+';1$S$F=-



A7(_J^X%RH6L+WH;

MH3^Y%K7%L&#HK#E6 _EKGHY@ZOST-713[A
2?YCWFHR\0J5W^+:VAII[A\Y/

M.8X\J

M/U/Z;_Y C[;M-)L#$]5UP5&'P W+E&L1T=CQ&%;8Q4
8C(V
546IR\7)[^

N3SA^O[&_EEY429PDSC+2Y^MLN_:3]=T;9

U5

MW!1JTD5@#5C8ND=NO-8VT\0@2&3'CU_?XS7S7FM9
&MZJ;^*YA:(F7:UQ)@F


M$!_G?J*V/=WD7.PWB#&5J/!CI1



14OWACR1



M








$W7#=DZ('32P\./VQ@



M@Z[(*#2+&'^HQ\



Y]42RYDVVL-\^NA[)1%/&


M6#M\/D194I-D?YCSJ9086L5*.XG]$=-ICW7#OC-^C622S5^4*MW#;5VEG:
M
FD[/=/(W/6TI;?K56ALVG536YN:EN:MRMWY'D5OX[OOS-3&ZZ:VCNQ;VK@J






R)U%$?+&4%4\;7U#WGLLH8D%*:[QO8(WB.YDQ2N\;


*49Q

MC!-DT@P;YK@DB8CA79-(Z



M!7V\8Z=\*ZG/+FW
R
XJK@9' Z29;=M^K8PQNP]]-@/!BT@=







YN;B0].3UW'#D6DI3D&&JK9@:VT?2
(

K%/@^?2*S-ZP+;S]Y;\I/-K*Z1&_28+/O AZ*NWAW_
ZCETV;_%9W

M 
KP4&JM *+:.C!3-E5
O)\?V--KGU#A6!V(?PC$#TK^%/_3[((\N
$J81?8
M$?%6M49(]T
R44$S#VADS255WL3J#6.%V1@@8:\[@W[
BM+G;FSZ0;WD(_IP





 LX4^$
)V*_.(DE&;I/*\!)2X/U94D2KK








:[%%MPTW ;)M]LNCM1V3.(G)_)3ONL*'
MHH^?/@O-I'L8P:,)\2(ME





U(H&ZF



M -
43HC/6(%5ZP-;#=P4E5%/-A&/?J8+=ZK9$E356D8P
25 '$SN[5*MD9





MA&QMYC6]J/L/CJ1']:4XV+LZSB@[?'B(R /7.(O0G/!_G+DTRA;8K[EXN;C

WOGRZ



MO9N=AUZ0B@S8:Q9EYDV2B-ZGB=@IWC&YGDW&81O^LT_(0XT=J@EU%
OGA^97

*E

P_;_I-E*L=2J!8%LND*'JN=)$_W9/NND8CA5V([U [!&\

MOJ;& R].[50!@1KF0:%Z]VF!%
=7\PL6
M/B0D6EZR1!KFT75(B-4H<=-K!*(W3+1GU;$@<$Z$MJNJN8X2BR-%0
/_+M.

MVQZ

.0[UO[01#VP0Z 
%A7%QH5BJW#G[6- E14O



M!*#NR30R@G-#QZ]:']&'(Y8D;'FR=HTN+HZ5-E61#%X%P


M+Z%/NGJ0;TVWSJL/K+?+SNH;3O&14A'(C77LA!2*
MU[[JI.]R$?9LM5KN+7



M]H-!DZ5N$_)$PE



3&C(S!\[

M-0B'H?_O- C^J]D^!J*:'5AZ@KT1!&KI001LEV1
[V/J4S=ZN76#HAR0YN8/

<F<U
M%?*JUSE96]P+'*R=,KW:.@ZBU^FF0YCSBJFL+4*E+JJZ!:M[K#!O$#MC-^@
MYT+77'P:QRQZ$57WE9LI6=/9OJ6E1=OYF8G@8+CWL^4
E(ADYRPG?&Y6KR7U

M#_
*U'@ZY%=]_9W8*EL1OZIUF-):(^M ';S]Y96Y4:#!IFK D(@.5-#]^?

MWIK


M&WB8-.4T.[4&V!\@[B=1A#278^F4G'4PU7E2OZ/.9)?$E
2L'6B1 C8BH\
M& #H^F:;XIVEU=_/6'1+HB?JD7@?2N)HQ@4Y/*VT 5V#0?#*HW41'O;#Z

M6BTR9-Y/:#+-BJ6^U#7.P]).URSG3


VMTYHT
J6


14/F U:P*/-B27;C?M$!L
M5*FDH!'M;OG+WD

L/7BL;'G[KPJS7Y+OV4]MCR'6]/@!

V+9U
4';=?RZ
M4''6NT)4O8;GC9#;428L:$U
-UV_N(DX77TY4;ZW!=

M-UBTI7]@$GLEFU0FUP*$_
Y8EQAAODG6$8Z82S%M:V[1YM/K/DZFG'C1*?







PE%_38-=$#


[  H[\$#5?];PE[C
W*P 7U B$L!%TLW+TE O(3X_YFZ

M/8K7U-S\#N;:#)5+G!]KESASB9RU2$[Y
\Y:*$?P=G[Z&KJI3_DO?Q7$N8P.



C Q-S$R

M^O^-N-\!=W9];$=(

LO3P

N2I)G__;5VZ_??(5P


M7Q:T






3QY)X0UY
Q( PQ
9JBDO



PT
M;\U. (T[$2M-G]QQJ,J0419J8'AFCW7*OE;S'%=%&4)ZK2/=KEKV0TO+S9%

#[V-8*?
MG/LJY<&PR0*DY.2W4T$D0^M&1C7+N@FM


3]TQVLS7L(Q+P+U9:Z$/3PBG@Q

#K5-<+M3;95@<!;9H!.VC;4X7\FW

MH)G^9((^*:
&.F2
* 6&
$IH4[XP0=1+[G?R^9Q7^9Z93XAZEE'(N1MNE$
M[.8902)XEVMA3;N;R96HD=SW]?D U'5FU^
#N1=+L4]7LG!*[KI\ADO=]U
M_EM@D\-E%M.)ZSYZ.=E4CWE!JE?-!*$2]CE)Z $/)PJY9'#Z6


M7TU&1?5Z7T19&?%ZE!]?A[_HG











M7SS4Y-Y##=P_YILRRI*3++DC+Q7&61WPZ9)'/B!/F$'1AB%P*L%GB((951N&
M+W!0#TZM^9BGS*

@N[S1?K?+

CN-UJ2*4BUI


MS#I^LW&X+&5

R1GQBA)%. 74:P:US[3_\JRB-:=%+R^SM


MB48!#.%L4 KS()- YQ'E&$GPZ ;W
HN_1L

M3
K;;*B&V
VHDAPHNAQB:%JF"J)?WT^=VC(B610L9S?XOP)KW=T#J:P&5


ML-]$ACK X]R%


M_SBNF+K_Y7+^DE!I8/8)J1
/I?@TR2KW@8K6W?_=]OA@Q3@4+0&P.T0#L*


T64#D 4%60)3Z:BT&BBP*=A2?VBRC-);GQR NZ=(JQ&U^TB@&H
M8U$18LT6M (98:JX=9 V2?/[LB+U?
Q2.7B4<G$NV(4P]53^N%/8

_&
MK7C #;AQVPUSLVVYQ?:WK::SX79YQ!P+\+F@V2*'F)
V#&K-@3SEW1\]Y0\S


#CR-



@VURI^GA0?V5P- )V%Q-3U


Z.MFGDW(U4'E99L%O00VYK=




MO


M/QCE/@PF&?JGGVL4MWA)&/*L^ARM\*36:C$?E#*!9 Q2R00GC &8\+BAID0O

M=RG

)J63#Z
M$43ORQ )A_*M#&)(?KZ=%,4#

M)D* -'IB1*)XZX?


!P5A'IRX





P3US*-7


M[58L[16!7(VUA^$WT2L[V+:[F)@*A[B2D .674:

MGF*#$W$XJ*NLDO=
(3WL8ODPI(I$4HX1*3'QHC&'0ZPPM


2
J6.!NR(/!(Y,(9' V[*G<]#,X..48K+LJ-2:X[8QC_!#Q5*
M2,F7V$(U3/=/(262#Z0%K<[3&!IR184_42+7BSH]9<IIG[(DTSF(U-[0:



3YBNB]AZ:=VJH[)^&_W/;[Y^\^;-6[J@*M 3*^W/Z/T1_0LJZT?3T:9Z
MS OR=YS\&;WAANY]_R-A88



?OL'3B(%K3\

MJ*Q*DF!T1LJ*I+3$Y1&ZS.*OP3OB?(971&PK \5IBVILFBF$].J4 .&365
M 6.+%
#$$]Z

M&


EBE0'%E
M
N.-CM9NHNYX0*6$GSO<X(+'$+0ZDU,KASOJ-%5(??JIT@2SJ'"
M*WG/3X.[0Z-(-*RCF-YTAU=6;6(J!2.AJH*J.DWU0!*.P5
(]V$TTBXM.
I
M EPHURJ$IML8N(EJM31HFHT@VE*L/L6&2R]UT&5KK=!$4X1=ME0!33ESX&45


M.NY'K#0#74*[[$0LU
0TAZK_O8:V 9$






@LT

[Z;ZCN4#$(:$:J4-KT84.(( *76AS5
M2Y\\ T*;SWF6CZO1C +#GM1SV_H3\MJC .!&I3 +

M/:#D


.X

M+@\O:
_5H2TWM&;7W5KP(U[D!:[E^-WW^0N=UO




M53G*0


M7@7
1LD.YY2?7*K.R%3+L:.QFK%TNS_B(@P2_H3)\I'B/*$KHFB)/V]8C/?K



MO*F0W]S,H#C$+)#3!$D\(2
_]T;U6Y&)2'JBVL*Y)A?A)KJN1 
 @[!*!2
3A=9$56D/8^<XAA=!.R[,R3UF,,#IY
MGV=5'=<X<!?.3B_AM[OH&I_D;501:7K

9+-@&V

M84/(V!+%
H1

MP[4EY:Z

3A;]_K/%WEQAXLG$L_:PDO* +!QTE?/=DLO%!<V]N@MJ<W)7+9Z**'

MWIZJA[

M7(_H'5!96Q  +EM4U'I%?)!L-D.WH_


G]$G\MPTIN6?FG..WL3H4\LHJ94O9

CW.IK=

X[C!/70)QRZ2ED=PDUT@U-W)F GYG[WYC=3]GXD
O;K/E8=KI88+#UO=X+2?
M5C8^ TS.7.JKZ/7?+%@C$WS;'E<X6*%LKPZ&
8.S^-G\W92CV2BOHQ.%1


MK=WKY^'C&YX]W4[215A

MA9!_G89PE;C)]

M_TF)QI00UT)_;?6 A(ZERU.&CJ=02G#R\?6'DMWK=)F
3^**//%3$UE.
%-.
MX!T5[CD#P@X;9+*/V4')8 ;%3JLCS.?]B&'YZ%!7*NJ+_=-A;%C];I)L0K%*

M8
RAIXJJ3W5+=JA4M!_K

J4\GHC6M!.&S
M!/UWBMD_3K+D9)47%?F[[DV4G:I?AR'[RHS=A

M##X.:W&]N!91,=7MM0=#^E5O%I\_ C:ZV1!\
2W6:96J/T]Z'X@)'U::0OJ]P4/9V



M[EEK!R?K;




S2$()J< (J
M*F/DX$3O(&@HQRQA(A


0=KH5 EZ


M
445K:35\


M


M' @V%1&3'^BTH*PUG!'+\]F-7BFAHE9GCSH'J^2]IY 1T#=.LN/\JIWC6?\&
MP:U-[$L%0%37)K!@L6V1!T)QQ^HX\C\^O(#&=/*)

H6=2/:($5Q'==+(W@<_-QG(M!Z[(=
]=?T'3']TY[JY

M28V5

 OJ0
M91IQ*

M JI@UE
M(=-
@E/-



L



PG

F@7&5A


1B)^$[*+X
8)V/O?@Y-( TK]




MY-G#61G-$HNG8VZHN*L3/ 4-^S7BYD4NZYG5:-S^W#U:'*VJX\;U3=1;4[


)LLZX[*]LGZG3;'


=($K^HFM5E'QR@SHH!PD68+#


MCY\+*
7!L
R






F
4-R1

M80_+254[;V9)'5)XB3/F'61MSAS+\!IL=T[U1K$^70H 0\TYJ&6!39HR^*YS

H+/=%
ME)4L_XWYT8E9S6\Z9KM*C-


M@9F6EM)!'3Q?[:VEFKHP^
\@D&F_W=##2<NTM<N
M9L0@ZX_U389S*3Z)-[.*0SHZ%@&&I/-P3ZG;E3((+#(H!_*=AK8!3(;35AD
MF;4FU4[S


M0?*$2SVE9NC[2U



BYO^%W




M70_LKZE&2XG=?P;
@-I?W80T6;3

M)A1P&I4E3P#

[@G_[

US&!5FS/RK/@%V+\7LJ/Z^2X]-YMS+ T'DF



D]/$Q\
M=-5] =KXZ^ZC3S=%0?_E.+!

MYGD4P&.A-50=_^2N!.@S!N).
!QJX_LP6N/V
MG9;EJ7%
J$.E9594TMBP%#


M8=@^O_)RYKN7!W 4S*Z$;D1TA?)





ZM)1

M47NE

U2C\$G7?19]P]9@GX

MLLRJVK:K-&UA$


@WJ(UQ

Z


M5=\KLL





NLA=81 7)D/



M5:R?1J8-AHCU6;C0!W(01PD^8Y85?]M 24PDE^^D-6=

M?.

M0


[VG9NP62-'Z1]T64E74\&M7]F5L1(;CI

ID/\)W^M' QGX/#6BP_#O\(K1[(R^UE3G7






)EL
MD'7)&


EFR+\$R\X/Z\0K?
M%.+K8DN=P*^N1/B&]U:] C@3I4
I/E;IN57[.;-00T7-/K!D&\9_^#&O!H:S
M

U$. AMI(EO!E)PB..
M#-Z4.:T,6C*A0.OT#K'WV#XN^?5=L5V-[JUMA2;?(]$&M%PF67.\+K 


-



(R=XN&8^+-/





ELNBWMVBIH2]Q2R;&'K:((]1*7W :Q;W=B]A

M/YPELZB6VIQIE(




M'E57A5N6Z9/E.ZF^[%!S5H%@1L

MA+Z@K;JK)JK+ DWG876W8C



MCYQ]UFHZPE@9
7
=6=3*B' E5$4OZ*$N&/008Y7%+$\_7+:R2CS/#N7 F8
MF*IH

M0/TP\

AOD26.=\$.14@E^_






MQ]N@%ZZ_&SF$&_U=$UWQ6K3]+HM5/ZFFY'=OKT)EL+J7H

?@Y-!A4C9P717
MO()AM6Z*/
8X*2]HN[.E








MF*SK!5;!'VA!Y/'-$&?]CLRJE:1ZX=BJJ8::H!(EH)Q4(S70





K
<
M_? LAY?D!SY6QV%G:W.UZYZ0?^

ML@C07J7L] L'
:;43;/S-26PBYS=U\EPY?/4+S!!'9G)WUZ)#?&@F-0_L[/&

=X]JK!^3D/KWH#PR\24<+^N:!E--N8
M7;


;H-9-NOLQ:_ST%S:


M0%O^OAYV\UL_'@MR5+W;&ME]/JS7M




M5=I%I/??OS7!M^U@32D'T\
V=;#L8INA'#R14Q]Y7C@:FI')R5P:@%1.ME6V
M-FGJH@Z$]);5D/+^6$P_$& K



EW@P#





M2@[10E@)9Q@'92=F-O).+84CAB_'5LRK^&ZLQ9=SL@QU5_QEGT);57U'$]L7







^ZS.ZF75M+;.U8]U.[I
MJEPL.#?

M=&967CA]:
)-?QE..+
;:^S/X+VOII__
L:^O%']#/WQMX//Q($J;#?:=^15
MHXK6L[
M!
&7

7\;LMD7W^#$T



L]C1_,_NK=5^%9*F=\7X:YFMDM(3QD81DN
M"ZT?DW6H9[A6P43%26!QJX+V#7-[-#/&SR')$%-S@@FV
WUN;7YCG
@HO!
M6Q6Y@?LRED1S.L2K*[(5LNV61S[

]





MIHU_NY0
=O?45XJOC.ALR2MEZ+Z1+.BNDB


!P0W_-JBG;+W/JRCM=Z$[X:QB


#

2M_]W=SE[6-N
M_A15[$K\]6R0AEX[E8P5PLW/
N#J&7HH'9Q UA 5QT:M!EHU*BC9P0F2PFS4


E?*$A0K!F+$O
M


SE_B1Q82[GHQ



2\45:Q4
)U'F5O@J
1GN/[OG_+B
50+J9RWZS\=
MS)X-$B%@7% C% <Y%46=K!4/]M7ZP_K%]0RY 5.Z(KB<YXMVO_%5_:ZV]D9
RM4EO]R^PIGUY#6*K
MZEMKO-.NO&2;G07?XH[VM\WJJJ2_MB7V'4WJ

#UJU:D.*QU)JB8
D9


M8875L%/HC]


MPG2GH;RB4DKZ@X33&$(=O*H4PBZBKF@;7+_2(HZ/8+N;Q)*_;22=$O!GE8
MO6


M^P/+


M&F1!










M?5D'T?\.%=F!D$-P.EFM6&^D_XC+#HQ5ERG5$K1W#9W3\+W6ZA ZM[[0$+

[390TJNSE?:V





M8WQ:MM!!CLQE785_#

YJKX



#J+GO 3GXRP;-\


M7*
&JQ.=
&M?_)$



MDQI&+0JKCXPXA2.47@%U&D%[Y8:E#.;Q64=G0BPLO.0
4RD+JU_


MEXO!Z@$M1F%;V L#Z(5/)'Z

M9:YZAB 3@M7^&H33YF]%42T;UOIT5PO7B^;I/?T'=\#YC67+%IQ6#UBA55S
MU7*]0(T:_V?ME$0UP9W#T'4W[H=Q(OZL#IR'GAU9G A?W/K9LSRAHS#R?-H

MNWMEWK&+?)

M1!/WH#.MCK14YW9?-&]W)&=1HA LUF@0BN=1G2CKT^:U49#&KVU9!YC.=629

M7E0\.E;
'1_R#*-7'!6T!.:KN:+3TB


M09P


<^W&81@JLH?N3A2&LCJUF J$3]

6\
4(#LK_[%&5@
4$-
M4+CKY)*^&
#.\94Q@8854 AZ8X$6:)]808%BPDZB$): 1; TID(IT?8L-6
5M-6!WMMLIP/N:%\(]VU@Q**'EA'%C



M#%K?O\(B#4)OGK]0@Y

M .FHLG;Q&TX(DE.$2:;$V-PZ;#CBFP+W?I%L_)LL \Z[7ZD$XIZNV8S@!6


/

%HR'[7X]Y




IG%C9*L#K1 ;$\B



/5DK:GD3S&DGO'OS]MO0T5G'
MB81-0?!,K#ZPQ*M*F'RUX- T3XM4'_2<9]S&[J_UPYYJ%AQ%:X1AM5/

 J!Q/K
M*J:(_NMK*)G(QX^GF//0F60Y+I6U34ZB(J9OWWHQ5VFDD#+Z3H5!L06QOQ



#!IP.H]6[AB4JE.
M#\54L4310#6D(QSE#8DQW1K?XBHBZ=TZBO$5CDK5
L @#ZN[[

MM1[BBHAKPMSW[

MIYNBP..




QLUG3:*U?RD4;@BH
0N)

MIG&)5IK#7)M/Q3




M]+G@^C




X +3ANY$J
M(




7U6&3I




M(]-VC#Q0J\$




M803P O+Q-M!JN483

$?;P&@\QH
HN*)O.&OW+&@YMA]4][%T#@-@\$;AA
': #

M8UM@M0
B%!*A4=X3$:X4MJUV!6T&]%0/]8)VO;?BIXV3YGU#&OGH'P$]9:XW





M[-?J5^P?@
1^\Q]02P

M
([(W[^*XJ_^[__YG_]CQO[WM__UZM7LG)(P^'EV&ONO+J)%_.^S*V]%?I[]




M9C1D39=

FY%2C/N0D
7?OR)I0%^M



O?3@/X\]& M3IM)


:&/$P C!4W'

S:Z;FG
M[3KV;.=L

MV; KY(IFQ9'$).
D+C8G=G$%K$M U]&Q)-EEG*;7).$?CZ/;!W9V:D%5=1I?

M22MN/_J\2$A\QHC_RADG2!*^

M=1T'.L\=W\G[*#[-CA:U']@

MDGDT3*^\A-MOG[3ZN-$@UJQ
IK/6=G2CH9F2
6S4'6ALI@09#+&#V;_BKX=!
M'I*M9-?^NM$R+KU[&K)?;3C=@\JAGT+

MP73QFHRQB_G7&GZ,]-X@.




'C6/S1ER;0/W70$K

MZ %'M6@+
=^[M5TMSK;&NK/%@MUJV6?9'V[833:](7[



M*(TM-. 1[

MH% I/I#L(0[&6 MC3F7TO$;WZX.7DTR5/NO_&-


MW_





TFX#


M2$C%@09/

6=R-B_^+OZDQ?R5\BC[

\J#@(C[D(0)


X-.?WV9I$%-:8


%'H((3C
M6%GMJ$
VP;-G/\RYN:F=VD]T $%Z.WLR
('
A!$XH-/#8PS!^&\%)A#@9+
@


/%
M%ATQY6C027(2=&E3 B3K L7(VJVV#T9J^G' M YZOR%/)
KUBTC6'@J0M1NJ
M

M.CSP






M3DGWR7M


YS!S


M
XXQG&CD)2\7C(VI:22&U8\Z3W!E)F$[ & _9)217JV]8Q(1I1E9VL%Y8JT^
MLB$E'


R&\5Y

M4@(8R'D6LB$R F;4U ^8=4:'M4-V0=Q1%)S2

]43K3:CL[SGQFZ

M^XW0Y0.;U=$3NX$LR56^NB?)?%%



\^C)4;1!


X+SN
'A
DONL]$U-V?PJ+U427$1IEN1%#-,J
MSJ/LK7Q#A(_@/ 0/O!^:<F4B6-9ORT,0;8WC/.QN/%R%'$*[CJ50--Q7 &C
MK 
4+_?.



YD+E



-^



)*O5GG(9OE$UO%!\T@;%%44X8#T=)YQRL7:-^ ICE7/Z$\($]I3



M.

'[4

)Q
3B.N@C+NXFF[#08==J@ N

Z!T6Y#V@T._:P#








MGGJ
)('NKD:G)/43^EC5W




X@[





MU
L\\6KJN*6L!YQM1FPF9]B

QU
[M:(E(32XKQ


MKA-9&$




'U;( !U;G'DV*0G ?B



HG50#I??EU:F8TV:+1SS5L2V#F.;
QY8;4YB
M.O@0\P1HEW% 3A)OP7



MNT@G46.M'X8KR%Z5#-C*W6:&)WF2K#4;HR6K&\%YICK34@*FS$&UVD2E 53+
MKI
 4EP@ 

*_/(J!0SQ.




4XZC0K


4O&Q51B18.TRQ&T.^RHO\
MP:=DP:X


M83?
TFLV9[^K/%P9UY4;R*!Q7;^6-YR1N Y#N507#GOB!&8)]LWD59+[F8





9BN.-EFH<X'Q@MT7IW?VS$/H%&;5;DO7C^M@+&1$XH#@


[H'N39O6EH'+G2;=/

M^5OE
4/2)R1(S]FDNWC+]B%-)RC''1HL(&0XVEXJX$7&4_6JW':$ N#0( $E


\DG+
MU2]Q''RF82@D5GR/'



MO[?M]EZBF@=4
B?[ZC$0H7WU\KTNL'D@&?5K-5T:+K_O=N3R._NZ
NM \I.#E?P9EXWWN</3(@3ZH6*$U;2W'$H#01UCI4DHUC
M;]U
\9Q&-'TH;9@0:%KM76LZ \ 14HX
':5_4;.5:PUD !)BEQXS_3*+
R]L

MV
\A*993Q/

Z3P@G$#UC/J59
MP(U/5%=O&]09!VX&\@D%LTXDBE*OYWD2T8S?N:+@G#[SG^3%I:M.JCZN[_4&




XL Z?@#V0?-]]VU^/



98X(?7%==6



MN63:J=Y

M9.T\I;:0RGM







M:_?-'OX#
O[NHSW\+;8=8A\-XF\/%G'K%O&W/V'C



MT.SEE!%Z2E(_H8^Z




4O=7YMXP5@_[6JW[$=RYST36*KV[[[M5K3D(\R*(9E
2'L8Q*1!<V.
MLG/%ID7\K60LRF];/LSN #DC_




M)%[Q?Y?
CX)J6S.!VF#

9&Z;*NH-;MV&P[AV



M$






U\LJ$\2G;ZE[ 3U-;!F!AZ('H1&JVOI

F'!;7.;&?^
#1-L+B@/F4P3(&AP;&'#+
MZK=)??\34IC$5%E=


M7S
::)K&R4M1OEI_KIN
 MS
?K19FD\E89WSW)Q%]LZ1P7 9C@&]VENM=0I%



M+7EB



M!'D_L/

IWRZ=0P2U[


MK'%
E\=QEL6KTTV
!FFG&=S7H<*R[44HM;3??XBS!Y)<Q@$Y
M2;Q%5DV )\Z=D
Z@F




M4J$'&(WB.@

R9*0XT)<6\-W],J[^FGV[YW!05-V;UP;QRZXG


Q^HW@/

*B+N;5D6


M17)7:D%#9
_CY


;B3/&Q6G)H#T#4DS=N?-*J_P0D_3J;\]QX
BCL#P
XAC.%!O

S[+)!84/



V(RL
M.GKR:




MP%M$0M-Q2.L2=B_95J_BHA(U:5W--0)DXX-087)OU+3

B%+1F)A





PP


M!
'WN'8)QHA-
RIN;


T#X=6JG4C@GTI4 )IPC5+

]:


)FHZ

5N8S3=)C#?(^AH +BWO#5FT\X]H#&]($0PN%Q

M9#




M+B/*TEO$


/=X?WAU_*+L9




MYGG;

&5

8IVH+V7'1'\SV&*Z=R$:!4\P8
M2]$LFXDTXCH$:/#6LL:NO:Y@



214MC9]X495UI<*G2Y4R\CFP=HIW87P.SV/(;% I*'ISZ3ER64\1X


)G19SV*=[
M5IQ%D&_



MCV7%!V\?\A6 W?5FKD
U1F-VEW9+K/[ - T:_2.//I%075-:T-!U


W8A*R:8H($3)U&+&J+ QQS

ME-LRDK%/IAF;-Y]CQ&:AMI7)6D

M-9M 3_U80K]=]A]%P7_2


'('*Q4H)2)\2.E?B:S92F:9R\7
494:IC

M-/(BGWKAAIB4SU1W9

=&(G&PN
X3_\%+





8IH1_%=8$





0O
=+*E=
.
M
K!M^.Q
-BP!6\RC

MX3271=)*VCJWC9GX)(L)Q7&(3BH+GOLXSR\]UXMQ$T1X^\BVL[ _P$UI&-
M




U







C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (


C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4     [A()
M(#SP=;$X  # T 
 %0              @ %%0P$ 97-D:2TR
#$W
3(S
5]D


C
Q7W!R
;92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@* 0  D4\
end



