

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-004925
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160413
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54959
		FILM NUMBER:		161569733
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110









     



U. S. SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549





ANNUAL
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015


TRANSITION
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________



EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 inc.
(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    

    
        
    
        



Portland
 Oregon 97214

including zip code)


 including
area code: 


Section 12(b)&nbsp;of the Act: 



 $.0001 par value




Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
&uml;


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 
Yes 


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
&uml;


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 if the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    

&uml;
    
    
    



 &nbsp;&nbsp;
No 


stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30
 2015 was approximately $42
255
625.


 2016
 46
726
000
shares of our common stock were outstanding.

Documents Incorporated
by Reference: 



    
    





 Inc.
is referred to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;ESDI
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;we&rdquo;.






on February 11
 2008 in Nevada as Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. Until closing of the Acquisition (described below)
 Eurocan operated
solely as an online marketing and media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media
 which business was conducted
through Eurocan&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 NY (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;).


 2014
we changed our corporate name to &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rdquo; from Eurocan Holdings Ltd
 to reflect our recent acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC resulting in us primarily conducting Eastside&rsquo;s business (See &ldquo;The Acquisition of Eastside
Distilling
 LLC&rdquo; below).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Until February 3
 2015
 we continued to operate our online marketing and media
solutions&rsquo; business through MWW (See &ldquo;Spin-Off of MWW&rdquo; below).

The Acquisition of Eastside Distilling
LLC


 2014
Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;)
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
by and among the Company
 Eastside
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Eastside
merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares (the
&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
 upon consummation of the Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 40
000
000
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares are held by the former members of Eastside.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
issuance of these Shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
pursuant to exemptions afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
 Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
 and/or
Regulation S promulgated thereunder.


of the Acquisition
 our officers and directors resigned
 and appointed Steven Earles and Lenny Gotter as directors to our board
of directors. In addition
 concurrent with the closing of the Acquisition
 the Company appointed Mr. Earles as Chief Executive
Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman and Mr. Gotter as Chief Operating Officer and Secretary. Mr. Gotter resigned as
an officer in February 2015.


we conduct the business of Eastside as our primary business.


developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
and vodka. Eastside currently distributes its products in fifteen states (Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 and Maryland) and is authorized
to distribute its products in Idaho and Ontario
 Canada as well.&nbsp;&nbsp;Eastside also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting
room tours
 private parties and merchandise sales from its distillery and showroom located on the Distillery Row in Portland
Oregon.


    
    




Following
the consummation of the Acquisition
 our new management conducted an evaluation of the MWW business and an analysis of the business
going forward. Management determined that due to MWW&rsquo;s operating and net losses in each of the last two fiscal years
 its
working capital deficit as of the end of the latest fiscal year and the first fiscal quarter
 and its accumulated deficit
 it
was not in the best interest of our company and our stockholders to continue the operation of MWW going forward. Accordingly
on February 3
 2015
 we transferred all shares of MWW held by us along with all assets and liabilities related to MWW to Michael
Williams in consideration of MWW&rsquo;s and Mr. Williams&rsquo; full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWW and
the MWW business. Mr. Williams is the sole officer
 director and employee of MWW. The spinoff of MWW resulted in an impairment
Additionally
as a result of the Spin-Off
 we recorded a net gain of approximately $52
890 on February 3
 2015. This gain is primarily the result
of the transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams
 which is reflected in our financial statements for the year ended December
31
 2015.



Series A
Preferred Stock and Warrant Offering
 2016
 we conducted an initial closing for 880 units
(&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 12 accredited investors at a price of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers in consideration of
$423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation of outstanding
indebtedness.. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into shares of our
common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) at a rate of $0.15 per share and (ii) one Warrant
exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price
of $0.18 per whole share. &nbsp;We received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used
$28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers.
&nbsp;In addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory notes.
&nbsp;The remaining proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth
opportunities.

National Rollout
progress. 
an increase in the number of states of over 100% from March 2015 and is largely attributable addition of additional distributors.
We expect to expand distribution to 23 states in the coming months based on our distributors near-term expansion plans.  

Canadian Product
Sale Approval
 our Burnside Bourbon product was approved for sale in the province of Ontario
 Canada.



Our
executive offices are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264
. The information on
 or that may be
accessed from our website is not part of this annual report.



We
are a manufacturer
 developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
whiskey
fifteen
states (Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
Georgia
 Pennsylvania
and are
authorized to distribute its products in Idaho and Ontario

revenues from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties and merchandise sales from our distillery and showroom located on
the Distillery Row in Portland
 Oregon. In addition
 we maintain retail stores in shopping centers in the Portland area which
provides additional revenues of our products.


    
    




U.S. Distilled
Spirits Industry Overview


spirits industry is very competitive. We compete based on taste
 product quality
 brand image
 and price. While the industry is
highly fragmented
 major competitors include Bacardi Limited
 Beam
 Inc.
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
Diageo PLC
 LVMH Mo&euml;t Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 and R&eacute;my Cointreau S.A.


Spirits Council
 domestic alcoholic beverage sales in the U.S. have grown from $37.86 billion in 1999 to nearly $70 billion in
2014. Sales of distilled spirits have the highest compound annual growth rate in recent years at a rate of approximately 5% 2000-2014
as compared to approximately 4% for wine and 3% for beer during that same period.


market had total revenues of $316 billion in 2013
 representing a compound average growth rate (CAGR) of 3.4% between 2009 and
2013
 according to MarketLine. The performance of the market is forecast to accelerate with an anticipated CAGR of 4.2% for the
five year period 2013-2018
 which is expected to drive the market to a value of approximately $388 billion by the end of 2018.


such as Eastside
 (i.e. distilled spirits plants (DSP) bottling less than 100
000 gallons annually) rose to 729 DSPs in 2014 from
less than 100 DSPs in the first quarter of 2010. In addition
 craft distillers produced 3.5 million 9-Liter cases in the 12 months
ended 2014 from 700
000 cases in 2010.


over the course of the last decade has contributed to the increase in revenues for the industry in general. Since 2002
 over 16
states have adopted Sunday sales of distilled spirits for a total of 36 nationally. Also since 2002
 more than 17 states have
passed legislation to allow distilled spirits tastings at liquor stores for a total of 44 states that allow some form of tasting.
Council data show that while 2003-2012 supplier sales of value&ndash;priced products have grown from $3.75 billion to $4.08 billion
a 24.5% rate of growth
 super-premium products have grown from $1.48 billion to $3.90 billion
 a 163% rate of growth.




 develop
produce and market the premium brands listed below.

.
We develop
 market and produce two premium
 barrel&ndash;aged bourbons: Burnside Bourbon and Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon. Our
Burnside Bourbon is aged in oak barrels
 is 96 proof and won a Gold Medal in the MicroLiquor Spirt Awards in 2014 and another
from Beverage Tasting Institute. Our Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon is produced in limited quantities and aged for an additional
90 days in Oregon heavily charred oak barrels and we consider it an &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brand. Our Burnside Bourbon brands
accounted for approximately 35% and 40% of our revenues for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 
 respectively.

Barrel Hitch
. We develop
 market and produce two premium whiskey&rsquo;s: Barrel Hitch American Whiskey and Barrel
Hitch Oregon Oaked Whiskey. Our whiskey is 80 proof and won a triple-Gold Medal and best of show in the MicroLiquor Spirt Awards
in 2015. Our Oregon Oak version is produced in limited quantities and aged for an additional 90 days in Oregon heavily charred
oak barrels and we consider it an &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brand. Our Whiskey brand was introduced in July of 2015 and accounted
for approximately 7% of our revenues for 2015.


    
    


Distinctive
. We develop
 market and produce two distinctive whiskeys: Cherry Bomb Whiskey and Marionberry Whiskey.
Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey combines handcrafted small batch whiskey with a blast of real Oregon cherries. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey
won a gold medal from the American Wine Society and was also awarded a gold medal for taste and a silver medal for package design
in the MircroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Marionberry whiskey combines Oregon marionberries (a hybrid blackberry) with premium aged
whiskey and was awarded two silver medals in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards for taste and package design. Our distinctive whiskeys
accounted for approximately 15% and 10% of our revenues for fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

.
We develop
 market and produce 4 rums under the Below Deck brand name: Below Deck Silver Rum
 Below Deck Spiced Rum
 Below Deck
Coffee Rum and Below Deck Ginger Rum. Below Deck&rsquo;s Silver Rum is Eastside&rsquo;s original rum. Below Deck Spiced Rum is
double-distilled from molasses and infused with exotic spices and won a triple gold medal for taste and a bronze medal for package
design in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Below Deck Coffee Rum is double-distilled and infused with coffee flavors from Arabica
bean and won a silver medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Below Deck Ginger Rum is infused with natural ginger.
Our Below Deck Rums accounted for approximately 12% and 10% of our revenues for fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

.
Eastside develops
 markets and produces a premium potato vodka under the brand name Portland Potato Vodka which is distilled from
potatoes rather than grain and as such is gluten free. Eastside Portland Potato Vodka was awarded a silver medal from the American
Wine Society as well as a gold medal from the Beverage Tasting Institute which also gave it a &ldquo;Best Buy&rdquo; rating. Our
Portland Premium Vodka accounted for approximately 14% and 30% of our revenues for fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Seasonal/Limited
. In addition to our premium bourbons
 whiskeys
 rum and vodka
 Eastside creates seasonal and limited-edition
handmade products such as Advocaat (eggnog) Liqueur
 Peppermint Bark Liqueur
 Bier Schnapps and Holiday Spiced Liqueur. Our Seasonal/Limited
Edition Spirits accounted for approximately 10% of our revenues for each of our 2015 and 2014 fiscal years.




revenues from hosting special events
 such as tastings. We have generated as much as $95
000 in revenues from special events in
a single month during the holiday season (November/December). Our new facility is substantially larger and in addition to potential
increased tasting room revenues
 we expect to have space to host private parties
 food tasting events and concerts once we complete
the facility remodel. We also sell merchandise and in-store bottle sales at special events.



We
have retail stores in shopping centers in the Portland
 Oregon area which provides us with additional revenues for sales of our

 we opened a 1
200 square foot retail store in Clackamas Town Center (Happy Valley Town Center)
and in January 2015
 entered into a lease for 3
100 square feet of retail space in the Washington Square Center in Portland
 Oregon.
We also had two additional holiday season retail locations within high-traffic shopping malls in the Portland
 Oregon metro region
during the 2015 period.


    
    





competitive strengths will enable the implementation of our growth strategies:

Award Winning Diverse
Product Line: 
 many of which have won
awards for taste and/or product design. In addition
 premium craft spirits have experienced a compound annual growth rate of 7.6%
over the last decade
 which is higher than the 5.5% compound annual growth rate for mass produced spirits. Our sales of premium
brands has increased over 1
000% since 2010. We believe our diverse
 recognized and profitable product line in this growing market
will enable us to establish a presence in new geographic markets and enable us to procure additional distributors for our products.

High Product Margin.

 many of which exceed 40%. High profit margins on our products should contribute
to a strong balance sheet
 which we expect potential financing sources and strategic partners
 such as distributors and suppliers
will find attractive.

:
We signed a lease for a new 41
000 square foot distillery in late 2014 that when fully operational is expected to be capable of
producing up to 1 million cases per year
 representing a significant increase in production capability from of our previous facility
(6
400 cases in 2014). Our expected production of cases is expected to increase each year after moving into our new facility
which is currently capable of producing approximately 100
000 cases per year. In addition
 this new distillery should enable us
to recognize additional income from tastings and other special events.

:
We have signed distribution agreements with several of the largest wine and spirits distributors in the United States. We have
also engaged Blackheath Beverage Group
 an outsource sales and marketing company
 and Park Street Imports
 a provider of back-office
administrative and logistical services for alcohol and beverage distributors. We believe these relationships will facilitate our
goal of having our premium spirits sold and distributed nationwide.

Experienced Management
Team:
start-up companies. Our senior management team has worked together in the premium beverage industry for over 5 years.




continue building Eastside into a profitable national spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium
spirits brands. Our goal includes achieving nationwide distribution of our products within the next 36 months. With the rapidly
growing list of states where we are now selling
 we believe we are well positioned to meet that goal. To help achieve this
 we
expect to:

Grow our distribution
network.
covering various locations. We are also in discussions with several other national distributors. We believe continuing to expand
our distribution network will enable us to penetrate additional geographic markets more quickly.

Increase production.

100
000 cases per year and we expect our annual production of cases to increase each year. We believe our increased production
capacity will make us more attractive to distribution partners and will also generate additional revenues and profits.


    
    


Listing
of Products in Control States and Top Consumption States. 
we have initially focused our efforts on both the 18 liquor control states where distilled spirits are sold through state-owned
and operated stores known as ABC (alcohol beverage control) stores as well as the top consumption states

Florida
 Illinois
 New York and Texas.

Selectively add
new brands to our portfolio.&nbsp;
example
 during late 2015
 we introduced our new American whiskey product
 named Barrel Hitch.

Build Consumer
Awareness.
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration
for our brands.

In-House Tasting
Room
revenues these tastings generate
 we value the immediate customer feedback during these events which is instrumental in creating
better products and testing new flavors

Retail
Stores and Kiosks
200 square foot retail store in Clackamas Town Center mall
 and in January
2015 we signed a lease for 3
001 square foot retail store in the Washington Town Center in Portland
 Oregon. In addition
 we also
had two additional holiday season retail locations within high-traffic shopping malls in the Portland
 Oregon metro region. We

of these stores will contain in-store tastings which we believe will lead to additional product purchases.

Production and
supply


steps in the production and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This
is a multi-stage process that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol
is processed and/or aged in various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is
designed to remove all other chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality
with minimal harshness. Achieving a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.


rather than removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following techniques: infusion
of fruit
 addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types
of casks for extended periods of time
 and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each
brand. After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled. This involves
several important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles
in various configurations for shipment.


number of suppliers for the sourcing of our products and raw materials. However
 we produce and bottle our spirits for distribution.




distribution network that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our key
strengths. We currently have distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in fifteen (15) U.S. states
and expect that number to further expand throughout 2016.


    
    




&nbsp;Importers
of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand
is first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either
&ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held
companies. In the 18 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The
distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and
other outlets licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand
in separate geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute
the products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict
control over pricing and profit.


has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently eight major
spirits companies
 each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
are required by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing
influence over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products
recognized by the distributors.

&nbsp;We
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department
 and the requisite state licenses within the states we conduct business.


in our warehouse and shipped nationally by our network of licensed and bonded carriers.

Wholesalers
&nbsp;In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
state-owned agencies performing this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for
sales
 for product placement and for retail store penetration. We have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements
with any of our U.S. alcohol distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of
the distributors also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships
with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors
in the fifteen states we sell our products
 and our products are sold in the U.S. by seven wholesale distributors
 as well as
by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.




the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal years 2015
and 2014 respectively.




force of three people
 with an average of over ten&nbsp;years of industry experience with premium beverage alcohol brands.


are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for
our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our
sales team also maintains relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training
and education for our brands.


    
    



 we have
also engaged Blackheath Beverage Group
 an outsource sales and marketing company to assist in the development of additional brands
as well as
 development and execution of a national roll-out strategy. We have also engaged Park Street Imports
 a provider of
back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol and beverage distributors
 which services include state compliance
logistics planning
 order processing
 distributor chargeback and bill-support management and certain accounting and reporting
services.

Advertising
 marketing
and promotion


we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial
brand value.


marketing
 sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a
high degree of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use
a range of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well
as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


advertising
 we also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings.
Our significant U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness.
Event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to
trend-setting events where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise
promotions each year.


marketing efforts with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by
attractive point-of-sale materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.




important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands
are protected by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S where
we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our Subsidiary. In the U.S.
trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand
our distribution territories.




to seasonality with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter primarily due to seasonal holiday buying.
Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in higher sales for us in our second and/or third fiscal quarters.


    
    





industry is highly competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution
strength. Our premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
restaurant presence and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol
products
 many of which have greater resources than us.


years
 the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership.
The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod
Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 and Remy Cointreau S.A.


are sometimes in a better position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital
position and resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and
acquiring brands by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing
brand owners the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
most of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor
transaction structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit
our marketing capabilities
 limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced
sales force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size.
Also
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size wine and
spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.




the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and the Alcoholic
Beverage Control Laws of all fifty states.


Department&rsquo;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising
and transportation of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution
of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses
to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell spirits.


U.S. regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition
of the marketing of alcohol in some states to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.


is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer
information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage
alcohol products.


states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for
sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made
available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for
listings only through special orders
 if at all.


    
    



alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign
countries impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries
impose additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Once
we begin distributing our products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
 both
through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry
which may be subject to more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes
could be significant.




 2016
we had 16 full-time employees
 6 of which were in sales and marketing and 4 of which were in management and 6 in administration
and production.



Eastside
operates in one business &mdash; premium beverage alcohol. Eastside&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 vodka and specialty

states (Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 and Maryland) and is authorized to distribute our products in Idaho and Ontario



Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 


this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements&rdquo; to this Form 10-K. In addition
 the statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include
&ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve
uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future
events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact they do not relate to historical
or current facts and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo;
and similar words or expressions.


are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
 any
or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially
differ from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.


    
    



to publicly update forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. You should
however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.


cautionary discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business. In addition to
the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following are some of the important factors that
 individually or in the aggregate
we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. It is impossible
to predict or identify all such factors and
 as a result
 you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion
of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions.



We may be unable to continue as a going
concern 

Our
independent auditor has noted in their audit report concerning our financial statements as of December 31

and 2014

have an accumulated deficit of approximately $7.6 million as of December 31
 2015
 which raises substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from
. We have an accumulated deficit of approximately $7.6
million as of December 31
.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt as
to our ability to continue as a going concern.

If our brands do not achieve more widespread
consumer acceptance
 our growth may be limited.


have achieved acceptance in the Pacific Northwest
 most of our brands are early in their growth cycle and have not achieved extensive
national brand recognition. Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future are unlikely to have established extensive
brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and our growth
may be limited.

We will require additional capital
which we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial
terms or at all could restrict our future growth and severely limit our operations. 


compared to other companies in our industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;As we continue to pursue our efforts to expand from a local/regional company
to a national company
 our cash flows from operations and available capital are presently not sufficient to sustain our current
level of operations over the next twelve months. We currently estimate that we will require up to an additional $3.5 million to
expand and market our business to become a nationwide distributor. Of this amount
 we require $1.5 million for working capital
and to increase inventory to allow for nationwide distribution
 $0.6 million to make our new facility fully operational to support
production of up to one million cases per year
 and $1.0 million for sales and marketing to facilitate nationwide distribution.
We plan to improve our cash position by focusing on increasing sales
 improving profitability and accessing a combination of capital
sources including debt and equity financings. Failure to secure these additional funds will result in a less aggressive growth
plan and could also result in a reduction in the current scope of our operations. This may limit our operations and growth
 including
our ability to continue to develop existing brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential
acquisitions of new brands
 penetrate new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we
have not generated sufficient cash from operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds
through private or public equity and/or debt financing. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us
on acceptable terms or at all. Our operations and growth may be limited as we may need to change our business strategy to slow
the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations. Also
 any additional financing we undertake could
impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we issue equity securities to raise capital our existing
shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our
common stock.


    
    


We are an &quot;emerging growth company&quot;
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock
less attractive to investors.


growth company
&quot; as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers.
Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace. 


number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the
U.S. We do not have long-term written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our agreements/relationships or
an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their
prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or
even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
delays in shipments of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause
us to fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In
turn
 this could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading
to a decline in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms
or find suitable alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.


    
    


We depend on our independent wholesale
distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute our
products within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


law to use state licensed distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S.
We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
 failure to maintain
those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently are authorized to distribute
our products in five control states&mdash;Oregon
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho
 Virginia and Maryland
 and are actively distributing in
all of these states except Idaho. Over the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors
that now control distribution for several states. For the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 sales to one customer (Oregon
Liquor Control Commission) accounted for 32% and 40% of consolidated revenues
 respectively. As a result
 if we fail to maintain
good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate
success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to
our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. In addition
all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors
will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines
or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in
a decline in our results of operations.

The sales of our products could decrease
significantly if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.


the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in
their respective states. We currently are authorized to to distribute our products in five control states&mdash;Oregon
 Pennsylvania
Idaho
 Virginia and Maryland and are actively distributing in all of these states except Idaho. Products selected for listing
must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products are selected for purchase and sale
through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews.
Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings
in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.

We must maintain a relatively large
inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other
damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


large inventories to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due
to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and
harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old
products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact
our results of operations.


    
    


Existing stockholders may experience
significant dilution from the issuance of our common stock pursuant to our WWOD promissory note or pursuant to additional financings.


on our WWOD Holdings convertible note is equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price (currently $0.15) or (ii) 65% of
the lowest trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The issuance and sale
of our common stock to WWOD Holdings for conversions
 may have a dilutive
impact on our shareholders. In addition
 we may be required to consider similar financings which could also have a dilutive impact
on our shareholders. As a result
 our net income per share could decrease in future periods and the market price of our common
stock could decline. In addition
 the lower our stock price is at the time WWOD Holdings converts its promissory notes
 the more
shares of our common stock we will have to issue to WWOD Holdings in order to repay our note with them. If our stock price decreases
then our existing shareholders would experience greater dilution for any given dollar amount raised through the Offering.


of dilution may cause our stockholders to sell their shares
 which may cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Moreover
the perceived risk of dilution and the resulting downward pressure on our stock price could encourage investors to engage in short
sales of our common stock. By increasing the number of shares offered for sale
 material amounts of short selling could further
contribute to progressive price declines in our common stock.

WWOD Holdings may pay less than the
then-prevailing market price of our common stock which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.


convert any outstanding principal and interest under such note at a price equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price
(currently $0.15) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior
to conversion.


have a financial incentive to sell our shares immediately upon receiving the shares (if allowed under the federal securities law)
to realize the profit between the discounted price and the market price. If WWOD Holdings were to sell our shares
 the price of
our common stock may decrease. If our stock price decreases
 WWOD Holdings could have a further incentive to sell such shares.
Accordingly
 the potential discounted sales price in the WWOD Holdings note may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

Our convertible note with WWOD Holdings
contains numerous restrictive covenants which limit management&rsquo;s discretion to operate our business.


funds from WWOD Holdings
 we agreed to certain covenants that place significant restrictions on
 among other things
 our ability
to incur additional indebtedness
 to create liens or other encumbrances
 to make certain payments and investments
 and to sell
or otherwise dispose of assets and merge or consolidate with other entities.


    
    


If an event of default is declared
under agreements with WWOD Holdings
 we could lose possession of our assets
 including our inventory
 which would have a material
adverse effect on our business.


our financing with WWOD Holdings
 we entered into a security agreement under which we granted WWOD Holdings a security interest
in our inventory. Any event of default under our agreements with WWOD Holdings could trigger an acceleration of the related debt.
If we were unable to repay the debt upon any such acceleration
 our lenders could seek to foreclose on our assets
 including our
inventory
 in an effort to seek repayment under the loans. &nbsp;If our lenders were successful
 we would be unable to conduct
our business as it is presently conducted and our ability to generate revenues and fund our ongoing operations would be materially
adversely affected.

Our failure to protect our respective
trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.


depend in part on our
 ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although we apply for registration
of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary
know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims
of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending
these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future
and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of
our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our trade
secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively
impacting our sales and growth potential.

A failure of one or more of our key
information technology systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact
on our business.


technology (IT) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware
(including laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these
IT systems
 networks
 and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering
and managing materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded
websites and marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing
transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
business plans
 and financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and
handling other processes necessary to manage our business.


threats and more sophisticated cyber crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as
well as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number
of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively
address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive
and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events
could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage
because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers
or consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the
damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.


    
    


Our failure to attract or retain key
executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business.


upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee base
 as well as
our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on
the life of any executive or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected
loss of experienced employees could have an adverse impact our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business
disruption and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.



Demand for our products may be adversely
affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness
to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success
depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences
with successful new products and product innovations.

We face substantial competition in
our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The
global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible
that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price
competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol
could reduce demand for our products.


have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed
to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes
in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol
and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing
a decline in our results of operations.


    
    


Class action or other litigation relating
to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has
caused death or serious health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly
increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the
tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have
been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage
consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family
funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits
in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business
could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory
and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


to extensive government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and
labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses.
We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage
alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change
or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict
when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various
levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting
beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry
and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance
with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices
in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution
of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage
alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase
in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction
of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.


    
    


We could face product liability or
other related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures
may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to
$1&nbsp;million per occurrence and $5&nbsp;million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $15&nbsp;million.
Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical
matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers.
In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.

Contamination of our products and/or
counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands
and decrease our sales.


brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate
third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our
products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in
the distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers
of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties
sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands
could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands
in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.



Our Series A Preferred is newly issued
and does not have an established trading market. Holders of Series A Preferred may not be able to sell their shares of Series
A Preferred if they need money.


A Preferred Stock are a new issue of securities with no established trading market. We do not plan to register our Series A Preferred
for trading on any exchange. An active trading market for the shares may not develop
 or
 if it develops
 may not last
 in which
case stockholders may experience difficulty selling their shares if they choose to do so or the market price of the Series A Preferred
may decline.

There is a limited trading market for
our common stock.


traded on the OTC Markets (QB Marketplace Tier) under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI.&rdquo; During the three-months ended April 5
 2016
the average daily trading volume of our common stock was approximately 44
350 shares. There has been limited trading activity
in our stock recently
 and when it has traded
 the price has fluctuated widely. We consider our common stock to be &ldquo;thinly
traded&rdquo; and any last reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of the common stock. A consistently active
trading market for our stock may not develop at any time in the future. Stockholders may experience difficulty selling their shares
if they choose to do so because of the illiquid market and limited public float for our stock. Stockholders may experience difficulty
selling their shares if they choose to do so because of the illiquid market and limited public float for our common stock.


    
    


Our common stock is considered to be
a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and
 as such
 the market for our common stock may be further limited by certain SEC rules applicable
to penny stocks.


of our common stock remains below $5.00 per share or we have net tangible assets of $2
000
000 or less
 our shares of common stock
are likely to be subject to certain &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules promulgated by the SEC. Those rules impose certain sales practice
requirements on brokers who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions
with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000). For transactions covered by the penny
stock rules
 the broker must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
consent to the transaction prior to the sale. Furthermore
 the penny stock rules generally require
 among other things
 that brokers
engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements of the market
value of penny stocks
 disclosure of the bid and asked prices and disclosure of the compensation to the brokerage firm and disclosure
of the sales person working for the brokerage firm. These rules and regulations make it more difficult for brokers to sell our
shares of our common stock and limit the liquidity of our securities.

Transfers of our securities may be
restricted by virtue of state securities &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws which prohibit trading absent compliance with individual
state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states.


common stock may be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions
commonly referred to as &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws
 our common stock may not
be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue
sky laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them should be aware that there may be significant
state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities.
These restrictions may prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Investors should consider the secondary market for
our securities to be a limited one.

We may not be able to pay cash dividends
on our Series A Preferred. Moreover
 we have not previously paid dividends on our common stock into which our Series A Preferred
and Warrants are convertible and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future.


cash dividends to date and do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future on our common stock. In addition
 the terms
of our September 2015 convertible note with WWOD Holdings prohibit us from paying cash dividends on our equity securities without
lender consent.


Series A Preferred are entitled to dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative
 and payable either in cash or &ldquo;in kind&rdquo;
in shares of common stock
 at the Company&rsquo;s option
 provided that dividends are payable in cash only following the fiscal
year in which we have net income of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available
therefor.


    
    


Our officers and directors collectively
own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock
 and as long as they do
 they may be able to control the outcome of
stockholder voting.


are collectively the beneficial owners of approximately 58% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and have voting power
of approximately 52% of all votes on matters to be presented to stockholders as of April 12
 2016. Accordingly
 officers and
directors as a group
 may be able to control us and direct our affairs and business
 including any determination with respect
to a change in control
 future issuances of common stock or other securities
 declaration of dividends on the common stock and
the election of directors.

We have the ability to issue additional
shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
 which could cause your investment
to be diluted.


authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 900
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 100
000
000 shares of preferred
stock. We have designated 3
000 shares of our preferred as Series A Preferred and have 9
997
000 shares of preferred stock available
for future designation and issuance. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants
or options to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
any additional issuance of our common stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect
of diluting your investment.

By issuing preferred stock
 we may
be able to delay
 defer
 or prevent a change of control. Series A Preferred have significant voting rights on matters presented
to the stockholders for a vote
 including election of directors.

Our
Articles of Incorporation permits us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100
000
000 shares of preferred

000 shares of our preferred as Series A Preferred and have 9
997
000 shares of preferred stock

 preferences
privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
 the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting
any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our Board of Directors
 in determining the rights
 preferences
and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued
 may include provisions that have the effect of delaying
 deferring
or preventing a change in control
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price
 or that adversely
affect the market price of and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.


to a vote of our stockholders
 including any meetings of our stockholders for the purpose of electing members to our Board of
Directors
 will be entitled to an aggregate number of votes equal to the
product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of Series
Total
&rdquo;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series
A Votes. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors. Based on
the 880 shares of Series A Preferred outstanding on April 12
 2016
 our Series A Preferred will represent approximately 24% of
our voting securities and should all 3
000 shares of designated Series A Preferred be issued
 such holders will be able to elect
a majority of the Board of Directors.


    
    


If we fail to remain current on our
reporting requirements
 we could be removed from the OTC Marketplace which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our
securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market.


the OTC Marketplace must be current in their reports under Section 13
 in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the
OTC Marketplace. If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements
 we could be removed from the OTC Marketplace. As
a result
 the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition
 we may be
unable to get re-quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 which may have an adverse material effect on our Company.

We face risks related to compliance
with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standard.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board
 require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies.
These new laws
 rules and regulations
 including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal
control over financial reporting (&ldquo;Section 404&rdquo;)
 will materially increase the Company's legal and financial compliance
costs and make some activities more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Any failure to comply with the requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
or difficulties encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the
results of the periodic management evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a failure to remediate any material
weaknesses that we may identify
 would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting that are required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Inadequate internal
controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our common stock.

Our internal controls over financial
reporting were determined to be ineffective at December 31
 2015 and we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls
over financial reporting as of December 31
 2015
 which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and
 as a result
the value of our common stock.


 pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 to furnish a report by management on
 among other things
 the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting.


404 requires a rigorous compliance program as well as adequate time and resources. As a result of developing
 improving and expanding
our core information technology systems as well as implementing new systems to support our sales
 engineering
 supply chain and
manufacturing activities
 all of which require significant management time and support
 we may not be able to complete our internal
control evaluation
 testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. For the period ended December 31
 2015
 we identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. As such we were unable to assert that our internal controls
are effective. This could result in the loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
which would have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock.


    
    


The requirements of being a public
company may strain our resources
 divert management&rsquo;s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board
members.


we will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we would not incur as a private company
 including costs associated
with public company reporting requirements. We will also incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC and
the NYSE AMEX. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing.
We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming
and costly
 although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations
could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability
insurance
 and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the
same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
persons to serve on our board of directors
 our board committees or as our executive officers and may divert management&rsquo;s
attention. Furthermore
 if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company
 we could be subject to delisting of our
common stock
 fines
 sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation.

Substantial sales of our stock may
impact the market price of our common stock. 


amounts of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock or securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced and the price of
our common stock may fall.




of our common stock has been and continues to be subject to fluctuations. The stock price may fluctuate in response to a number
of events and factors
 such as quarterly variations in operating results
 the operating and stock performance of other companies
that investors may deem as comparable and news reports relating to trends in the marketplace
 among other factors. Significant
volatility in the market price of our common stock may arise due to factors such as:


our
                                         developing business;


relatively
                                         low price per share;


relatively
                                         low public float;


    
    



variations
                                         in quarterly operating results;


general
                                         trends in the industries in which we do business;


the
                                         number of holders of our common stock; and


the
                                         interest of securities dealers in maintaining a market for our common stock.


only a limited public market for our common stock
 the sale of a significant number of shares of our common stock at any particular
time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing immediately before such shares are offered
 and could cause
a severe decline in the price of our common stock.

There are limitations in connection
with the availability of quotes and order information on the OTC Markets.


on the OTC Markets involve a manual process and the market information for such securities cannot be guaranteed. In addition
quote information
 or even firm quotes
 may not be available. The manual execution process may delay order processing and intervening
price fluctuations may result in the failure of a limit order to execute or the execution of a market order at a significantly
different price. Execution of trades
 execution reporting and the delivery of legal trade confirmation may be delayed significantly.
Consequently
 one may not be able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

There are delays in order communication
on the OTC Markets.


of orders is not available for securities traded on the OTC Marketplace and high order volume and communication risks may prevent
or delay the execution of one's OTC Marketplace trading orders. This lack of automated order processing may affect the timeliness
of order execution reporting and the availability of firm quotes for shares of our Common Stock. Heavy market volume may lead
to a delay in the processing of OTC Marketplace security orders for shares of our Common Stock
 due to the manual nature of the
market. Consequently
 one may not able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

There is a risk of market fraud on
the OTC Marketplace.


are frequent targets of fraud or market manipulation. Not only because of their generally low price
 but also because the OTC
Marketplace reporting requirements for these securities are less stringent than for listed or NASDAQ traded securities
 and no
exchange requirements are imposed. Dealers may dominate the market and set prices that are not based on competitive forces. Individuals
or groups may create fraudulent markets and control the sudden
 sharp increase of price and trading volume and the equally sudden
collapse of the market price for shares of our Common Stock.


    
    


There is a limitation in connection
with the editing and canceling of orders on the OTC Markets.


securities may be canceled or edited like orders for other securities. All requests to change or cancel an order must be submitted
to
 received and processed by the OTC Markets. Due to the manual order processing involved in handling OTC Markets trades
 order
processing and reporting may be delayed
 and one may not be able to cancel or edit one's order. Consequently
 one may not be able
to sell its shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

Increased dealer compensation could
adversely affect our stock price.


(the difference between the bid and ask prices) may be large and may result in substantial losses to the seller of shares of our
Common Stock on the OTC Markets if the stock must be sold immediately. Further
 purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may incur
an immediate &quot;paper&quot; loss due to the price spread. Moreover
 dealers trading on the OTC Markets may not have a bid price
for shares of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets. Due to the foregoing
 demand for shares of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets
may be decreased or eliminated.








are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. We lease these premises under a lease agreement with
a 6-year term starting on November 1
 2014 and ending October 31
 2020
 subject to our option to extend the lease for an additional

000 to $24
000 after a $90
000 rental prepayment in November
2014 and a period of free rent from November 2014 through January 2015. The lease is guaranteed by our chief executive officer.



 Avenue
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. This lease has a current monthly lease
rate of $1
750 per month and expires on November 30
 2015
 provided
 that
 we have two one year options to renew. Our monthly
lease rate will increase 3% for each option.


space in two separate locations
 one in Washington Square (Portland
 Oregon) and the other in Clackamas Town Center (Happy Valley
Town Center). For Washington Square
 we are currently leasing a temporary cart at a monthly rate of $3
750 and a monthly percentage
rent equal to 15% of the excess of gross sales and revenues made at the retail space for any month in excess of $25
000. We expect
that we will be leasing a new permanent store front at the Washington Square mall by May of this year. The retail space in the
Clackamas Town center is rented pursuant to a License Agreement under which we lease 1
200 square feet of retail space and currently
pay monthly license fees of $4
200 per month and monthly percentage rent equal to 15% of the excess of gross sales and revenues
made at the retail space for any month in excess of $20
000.




and litigation that arise in the normal course of business. Management believes that the ultimate outcome of these claims and
litigation will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.


    
    







    
    







on the OTC Markets (QB Marketplace Tier) under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI.&rdquo; Very limited trading of our common stock has occurred
during the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available. The following table sets forth the
high and low closing bid prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc.
and represents inter dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not be reflective of actual transactions:


to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo; and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of our stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some
of the bid quotations from the OTC Bulletin Board set forth below may reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer
Company
 4045 South Spencer Street Suite 403 Las Vegas
 NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (800) 785-7782).


 2016
there were 46
726
000 shares of our common stock outstanding
 which were held by approximately 25 record stockholders. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common
stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.




dividends on our common stock since our inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.


    
    


Securities
The following provides information concerning compensation
plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
options

options
 warrants
    

    
1
200
000
    
1
395
000

    
    
    
    

    
1
200
000
    
1
395
000





.
                                         On January 29
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The
                                         purpose of our 2015 Stock Incentive Plan is to advance the best interests of the Company
                                         by providing those persons who have a substantial responsibility for our management and
                                         growth with additional incentive and by increasing their proprietary interest in the
                                         success of the Company
 thereby encouraging them to maintain their relationships with
                                         us. Further
 the availability and offering of stock options and common stock under the
                                         plan supports and increases our ability to attract and retain individuals of exceptional
                                         talent upon whom
 in large measure
 the sustained progress
 growth and profitability
                                         which we depend. The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options
                                         or compensation stock under the plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. Our
                                         Board of Directors administers our plan and has full power to grant stock options and
                                         common stock
 construe and interpret the plan
 establish rules and regulations and perform
                                         all other acts
 including the delegation of administrative responsibilities
 it believes
                                         reasonable and proper. Any decision made
 or action taken
 by our Board of Directors
                                         arising out of or in connection with the interpretation and administration of the plan
                                         is final and conclusive. The Board of Directors
 in its absolute discretion
 may award
                                         common stock to employees of
 consultants to
 and directors of the company
 and such
                                         other persons as the Board of Directors or compensation committee may select
 and permit
                                         holders of common stock options to exercise such options prior to full vesting therein
                                         and hold the common stock issued upon exercise of the option as common stock. Stock options
                                         may also be granted by our Board of Directors or compensation committee to non-employee
                                         directors of the company or other persons who are performing or who have been engaged
                                         to perform services of special importance to the management
 operation or development
                                         of the company. In the event that our outstanding common stock is changed into or exchanged
                                         for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the company by reason
                                         of merger
 consolidation
 other reorganization
 recapitalization
 combination of shares
                                         stock split-up or stock dividend
 prompt
 proportionate
 equitable
 lawful and adequate
                                         adjustment shall be made of the aggregate number and kind of shares subject to stock
                                         options which may be granted under the plan. Our Board of Directors may at any time
                                         and from time to time
 suspend or terminate the plan in whole or in part or amend it
                                         from time to time in such respects as our Board of Directors may deem appropriate and
                                         in our best interest. As of December 31
 2015
 we have issued 405
000 shares under the
                                         plan
 and there are options to purchase 1
200
000 shares under this plan.


    
    





 Eastside
Distilling
 LLC agreed to grant an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of our common stock to a third-party consultant at an exercise
price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services rendered
 which agreement was assumed by us upon closing of our acquisition
of Eastside Distilling on October 31
 2014. The option was granted on February 10
 2015 and expires on February 10
 2017.




dividends on our common stock since our inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.




In December 2015
 we entered into
                                         consulting agreements under which we agreed to issue an aggregate of 50
000 shares of
                                         common stock to third-party consultant in consideration of services provided. We did
                                         not receive any proceeds for the issuance of these shares. These shares were issued effective
                                         February 18
 2016. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration under the
                                         Securities Act pursuant to the exemption afforded by Rule 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act


On April 4
 2016
 we conducted
                                         an initial closing for 880 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 12 accredited investors at
                                         a price of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i)
                                         407 Units were purchased for cash; (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers
                                         in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased
                                         in consideration of cancellation of outstanding indebtedness. Each Unit consists of (i)
                                         1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;)
                                         convertible into shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common
                                         Stock&rdquo;) at a rate of $0.15 per share (the &ldquo;Conversion Shares&rdquo;)
 and
                                         (ii) one Warrant (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;)
 exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six
                                         thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
                                         $0.18 per whole share (the &ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;).


of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used $28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement
agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers. In addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness
under 5% promissory notes. The remaining proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund
growth opportunities. The issuance and sale of the shares of Series A Preferred
 the Warrants
 the Warrant Shares and the
Conversion Shares (collectively
 the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;) have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended and the Securities have been sold and will be issued in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act afforded by Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder based on the following facts: each of the purchasers has
represented that it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D and that it is acquiring the securities for its own
account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling the Securities and that it has sufficient investment
experience to evaluate the risks of the investment; the Company used no advertising or general solicitation in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Securities; and the securities will be issued as restricted securities with a legend
stating the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on
transferability and the sale of the shares under the Securities Act. In addition
 we issued 5-year warrants to purchase
71
400 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 to broker-dealers in connection with the initial closing of
this private placement.


    
    



 our president
and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Steven Shum our chief
financial officer purchased 97 Units in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel our chief marketing
officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles our chief branding
officer and wife of Steven Earles purchased 83 Units in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary.




company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

Item 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN
OF OPERATIONS 

This section of the Registration Statement
includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe
 expect
 estimate
 anticipate
 intend
 project and similar
expressions
 or words which
 by their nature
 refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from our predictions.


should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes. In addition to historical information
 this
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 which could cause
actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. Factors that could cause differences include
 but are not
limited to
 continued reliance on external sources on financing
 development risks for new products and services
 commercialization
delays and customer acceptance risks when introducing new products and services
 fluctuations in market demand
 pricing for raw
materials as well as general conditions of the energy and oilfield marketplace.




on February 11
 2004 in Nevada as Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. Until closing of the Acquisition (described below)
 Eurocan operated
solely as an online marketing and media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media
 which business was conducted
through Eurocan&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 NY (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;).


 2014
we changed our corporate name to &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rdquo; from Eurocan Holdings Ltd
 to reflect our recent acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC resulting in us primarily conducting Eastside&rsquo;s business (See &ldquo;The Acquisition of Eastside
Distilling
 LLC&rdquo; below).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Until February 3
 2015
 we continued to operate our online marketing and media
solutions&rsquo; business through MWW (See &ldquo;Spin-Off of MWW&rdquo; below).


    
    


The Acquisition of Eastside Distilling
LLC


 2014
Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;)
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
by and among the Company
 Eastside
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Eastside
merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares (the
&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
 upon consummation of the Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 40
000
000
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of Eastside.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
issuance of these Shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
pursuant to exemptions afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
 Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
 and/or
Regulation S promulgated thereunder.


of the Acquisition
 our officers and directors resigned
 and appointed Steven Earles and Lenny Gotter as directors to our board
of directors. In addition
 concurrent with closing of the Acquisition
 the Company appointed Mr. Earles as Chief Executive Officer
Chief Financial Officer and Chairman and Mr. Gotter as Chief Operating Officer and Secretary. Mr. Gotter resigned as an officer
in February 2015.


we conduct the business of Eastside as our primary business.


developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
and vodka. Eastside currently distributes its products in fifteen states (Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 and Maryland) and is authorized
to distribute our products in Idaho and Ontario Canada as well.&nbsp;&nbsp;Eastside also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting
room tours
 private parties and merchandise sales from its distillery and showroom located on the Distillery Row in Portland
Oregon.



Following
consummation of the Acquisition
 our new management conducted an evaluation of the MWW business and an analysis of the business
going forward. Management determined that due to MWW&rsquo;s operating and net losses in each of the last two fiscal years
 its
working capital deficit as of the end of the latest fiscal year and as of the latest fiscal quarter
 and its accumulated deficit
it was not in the best interest of the company and its stockholders to continue the operation of MWW going forward. Accordingly
on February 3
 2015
 we transferred all shares of MWW held by us along with all assets and liabilities related to MWW to Michael
Williams in consideration of MWW&rsquo;s and Mr. Williams&rsquo; full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWW and
the MWW business. Mr. Williams is the sole officer
 director and employee of MWW. The spinoff of MWW resulted in the impairment
Additionally
as a result of the Spin-Off
 we recorded a net gain of approximately $52
890 on February 3
 2015. This gain is primarily the result
of the transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams
 which is reflected in our financial statements for the year ended December
31
 2015.


    
    




Series A Preferred
Stock and Warrant Offering
 2016
 we conducted an initial closing for 880 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 12 accredited
investors at a price of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for
cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii)
50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation of outstanding indebtedness.. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
at a rate of $0.15 per share and (ii) one Warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666)
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.18 per whole share. &nbsp;We received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale
of the 407 Units for cash. We used $28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered
broker-dealers. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory
notes. &nbsp;The remaining proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth opportunities.

National Rollout
progress.
an increase of over 100% from March 2015 and is largely attributable to our addition of additional distributors. In addition
we expect to expand distribution to 23 states in the coming months based on our distributors near-term expansion plans.

Canadian Product
Sale Approval.
 our Burnside Bourbon product was approved for sale in the province of Ontario
 Canada.




are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264 and our internet
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is not part of this
annual report.






another record sales year for the Company. Even more important
 we made significant progress toward our goal of becoming a nationwide
brand. At the beginning of the year
 Oregon represented our key market with limited sales in just a couple of additional states.
By the end of the year
 Oregon still represented a major market
 but we had begun selling across 14 additional states and that
figure is expected to expand beyond 20 states in the very near future. Working with the major distributors has been a key factor
in that expansion. At the beginning of 2015
 we had begun to work with one of the major distributors and by the end of the year
we were working with four of the major distributors. As we look ahead
 we anticipate growing sales penetration in the existing
states as well as an increase in the number of states where we sell our products.


 we also
invested heavily in our infrastructure (facilities
 people
 and marketing programs) in order to support our planned expansion.
While we will require additional working capital
 we believe we have positioned the Company well for improved performance in 2016.

Year Ended December 31
 2015 Compared
to the Year Ended December 31
 2014


year ended December 31
 2015 increased to $2
326
664
 or approximately 62%
 from $1
435
416 for the year ended December 31
 2014.
The increase in revenue in the year ended 2015 is primarily attributable to our increased national distribution as well as further
sales traction within the Pacific Northwest.


    
    



year ended December 31
 2015 increased to $624
046
 or approximately 64%
 from $379
972 for the comparable 2014 period. The increase
is attributable to the increase in liquor sales due to our increased distribution and sales traction during the period.


December 31
 2015
 cost of sales increased to $870
390
 or approximately 76%
 from $494
889 for the comparable 2014 period. The
increase is primarily attributable to the costs associated with our increased liquor sales in the period. We also incurred higher
fixed facility costs totaling $240
000 associated with our larger production facility. As our volumes continue to increase
 we
anticipate improved coverage on those fixed facility costs and hence improved margins.


 general and
administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2015 increased to $4
373
746
 or approximately 220%
 from $1
366
341for
the year ended December 31
 2014. This increase is primarily due to the hiring of additional sales personnel and event coordinators
related to our new retail locations
 an increase in production staff as well as increased legal
 accounting
 and professional
costs related to becoming a public company in late 2014 and our efforts to expand our product sales nationally.


was $3
246
149 in the year ended December 31
 2014. This impairment was a direct result of our spin-off of our online marketing
and media solutions subsidiary in February 2015
 which caused us to determine that the goodwill recorded in our October 2014 acquisition
should be impaired. There was no similar transaction in the comparable 2015 period.


$59
548 during 2015 due to interest expense which was partially offset by a gain on the spin-off of MWWD
 compared to an expense
of $3
736 during the year ended December 31
 2014.


year ended December 31
 2015 was $3
601
066 as compared to a loss of $4
057
171 for the year ended December 31
 2014. Our net
loss was primarily attributable to our increased selling
 general and administrative expenses relating to increased personnel
professional
 legal and accounting expenses during the year which amounts were offset by our increased sales during the year.




capital requirements are for the financing of inventories and
 sales and marketing efforts. Funds for such purposes have historically
been generated from Company's operations
 extended payment terms from suppliers for inventory purchases
 notes payable and equity
raisings.


of losses over the two year period ended December 31
 2015. During the years ended December &nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company
had net losses of $3.6 million and $4.1 million
 respectively and net cash used in operating activities for the corresponding
periods was $(1.2) million and $(1.1)
 respectively. As a result
 since fiscal 2014
 it has been necessary to rely on raising
new equity or extended payment terms from vendors for our capital and working capital needs.


 2015
the Company had outstanding convertible notes payable and another note payable indebtedness of $0.5 million compared to $0.2 million
as of December 31
 2014. As a consequence of our indebtedness as of December 31
 2015
 a portion of our cash flow from operations
must be dedicated to interest and principal payments on our indebtedness
 thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to
fund capital expenditures or other growth initiatives and other general corporate requirements
 see &ldquo;Part II
 Item 1A. Risk

 which we may not be able to
obtain on acceptable terms. Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict our future
growth and severely limit our operations. 
 at December 31
 2015
 the Company had limited cash resources
with cash of $141 thousand see &ldquo;Part II

current cash resources might not be sufficient to meet our expected near-term cash needs


    
    



long-term liquidity needs arise primarily from our working capital and debt service requirements. We anticipate that capital expenditures
for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2016 will be approximately $100
000
 primarily for increased manufacturing capacity. As
of December 31
 2015
 we have cash of approximately $141
000.


December 31
 2015
 the Company has generated a net loss of $3.6 million
 resulting in a shareholders&rsquo; deficit of approximately
$1.0 million as of December 31
 2015. Additionally
 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company has used $1.2 million in
cash to fund its operations. These matters
 along with our the absence of a revolving credit agreement and recurring losses in
prior years
 raise substantial doubt as to the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern.


cash and liquidity needs
 the Company&nbsp;intends to raise additional financing and/or renegotiate its various debt obligations.
There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining additional financing and/or be able to renegotiate the
terms of its existing debt obligations on terms which are satisfactory to the Company
 or at all.&nbsp;The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. These
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts
or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. See &ldquo;Part II
 Item 1A. Risk Factors

financial statements for the quarter ended October 31
 2015 which may make capital raising more difficult for us and may require
us to scale back


our liquidity in future periods and continue as a going concern will depend on generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily
through increased distribution into other states
 improved gross profit and controlling our expenses
 which in turn
 may be impacted
by prevailing economic conditions and other financial and business factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 see &ldquo;Part
II
 Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo;.


of $3
601
066 and have an accumulated deficit of $7
561
751 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 and expect to incur further
losses in the development of our business and have been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of debt
 convertible
debt and private sale of equity securities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern.

Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant
Financing (April 2016)


 2016
we conducted an initial closing for 880 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 12 accredited investors at a price of $1
000 per Unit for
an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain
of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation
of outstanding indebtedness. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into shares
of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share at a rate of $0.15 per share
 and (ii) one Warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
to purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.18 per whole share (the
&ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;). &nbsp; We received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used
$28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers. &nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory notes. &nbsp;The remaining proceeds
will used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth opportunities. In addition
 we issued 5-year warrants
to purchase 71
400 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 to broker-dealers in connection with the initial closing
of this private placement.


    
    





 2014
we completed an offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) of 5
512
500 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (&ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;) at a price of $0.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $2
205
000. The Offering was made to accredited
investors and was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. We intend to use the net proceeds
from the Offering for the build-out of new facility
 marketing expenditures
 repayment of indebtedness and working capital and
general corporate purposes. Steven Earles
 our president and chief executive officer
 purchased 37
500 shares of Common Stock
in the Offering for $15
000 in cash in the Offering.




 2015
we issued and sold a convertible promissory note bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 to a single
accredited investor. This note has a maturity date of May 10
 2016 and an original issue discount of $33
500. Accordingly
 we
received gross proceeds of $241
500. After paying the investors expenses
 we received net proceeds of $239
000
 which proceeds
were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The conversion price for this note is equal to the lesser of (i)
the Fixed Conversion Price (currently $0.15) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of our common stock during the 5-trading
days prior to conversion. This note contains certain covenants and restrictions including
 among others
 that for so long as this
note is outstanding we will not incur indebtedness
 permit liens
 pay dividends or dispose of certain assets. Events of default
under the note include
 among others
 failure to pay principal or interest on the note or comply with certain covenants under
the note. This note is secured by our inventory pursuant to the terms and conditions of Security Agreement.


2014
 we issued Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC a demand promissory note in the amount of approximately $150
000
 which note
was amended on September 19
 2014 to be a 5% convertible promissory note. The amended note bears interest at 5% per annum and
had a maturity date of June 13
 2015. The amended note may be converted into shares of our common stock at a fixed conversion
price of $0.40 per share. This amended note may be prepaid upon payment of 150% of the outstanding principal amount to the
holder. The amended note was further amended on July 24
 2015 to extend the maturity date to December 13
 2015. Effective
December 13
 2015
 this note was further amended to: (i) provide for partial repayment of the Note ($110
000) following a
 of (A) 45-days after the initial
closing of a Qualified Financing or (B) April 1
 2016; and (iii) remove the prepayment provision requiring 150% of the Note
upon prepayment. &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; means either (i) a sale of the Company&rsquo;s equity securities pursuant
to which the Company receives aggregate gross cash proceeds of at least two-hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250
000) or (ii)
a credit facility of up to three-million five hundred thousand dollars ($3
500
000) pursuant to which the Company receives
aggregate gross cash proceeds of at least four-hundred thousand dollars ($400
000) upon the initial closing of such
facility.Effective April 1
 2016
 the note was further amended to extend the Maturity Date until May 31
 2016 and provide for
installment payments of the principal amount beginning April 5
 2016 to the May 31
 2016 maturity date.


    
    







Eastside Distilling LLC by Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. (now known as Eastside Distilling Inc.) on October 31
 2014
 was accounted for
as a reverse acquisition with Eastside Distilling LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. The financial statements presented in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are presented as a continuation of the operations of Eastside Distilling LLC with one adjustment to retroactively
adjust the legal common stock shares of Eastside Distilling Inc. to reflect the legal capital of Eurocan prior to the October
31
 2014 acquisition.




revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery
of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably
assured.


sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale).
For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the
consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon
shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the
time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.


online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the
customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




related to shipment of merchandise from Eastside&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
2015
 and December 31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67% of
trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of
consolidated revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




    
    






consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an
average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held
by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. Eastside regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records
write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product demand and
production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has
recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.




Advertising expense was approximately $389
000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and
is included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of income.




The Company is responsible for compliance
                                         with the TTB regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
                                         Eastside is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also
                                         impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its
                                         excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
                                         excise tax laws.




expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the
related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the
vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair
value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are
recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest.





Item 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.


    
    






Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 




 Inc. and Subsidiary

 Oregon


consolidated balance sheets of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary (prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
 LLC)
(collectively
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of
operations
 stockholders&rsquo; (deficit) equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.


with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. The
Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and
Subsidiary (prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
 LLC) as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.


financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to
the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations and
has an accumulated deficit of approximately $7.6 million as of December 31
 2015. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note
2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.


 Inc.&nbsp;

 California

 2016


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
 31
 2015
    
 31
 2014

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
141
317
1
082
290

    
142
206
138
041

    
683
824
377
020

    
163
506
174
147

    
1
130
853
1
771
498

    
112
005
81
206

    
49
000
193
750

    
1
291
858
2
046
454

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
300
532
206
630

    
563
814
72
610

    
    
8
275

    
4
098
3
560

    
12
500
    

    
455
958
150
000

    
2
337
629
441
075

    
17
842
23
271

    
2
355
471
464
346

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 900
000
000 shares authorized; 46
195
000 and 45
512
500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
4
620
4
551

    
6
493
518
5
538
242

    
(7
561
751
(3
960
685

    
(1
063
613
1
582
108

    
1
291
858
2
046
454



part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
2
326
664
1
435
416

    
624
046
379
972

    
1
702
618
1
055
444

    
870
390
494
889

    
832
228
560
555


 general
 and administrative expenses
4
373
746
1
366
341

    
    
3
246
149

    
(3
541
518
(4
051
935

    
(59
548
(3
736

    
(3
601
066
(4
055
671

    
    
1
500

    
(3
601
066
(4
057
171

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
45
750
363
33
374
007



part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.



    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's
(Deficit) Equity
Years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2014
32
000
000
3
200
1
954
98
004
103
158

    
    
    
2
634
    
2
634

    
    
    
    
(1
518
(1
518

    
    
    
46
853
    
46
853

    
8
000
000
    
3
199
200
    
3
200
000

    
5
512
500
    
2
167
601
    
2
168
152

    
    
    
120
000
    
120
000

    
    
    
    
(4
057
171
(4
057
171


 December 31
 2014
45
512
500
4
551
5
538
242
(3
960
685
1
582
108


 net of issuance costs
555
833
    
671
920
    
671
975

    
    
    
140
370
    
140
370


 net
126
667
    
142
987
    
143
000

    
    
    
    
(3
601
066
(3
601
066


 December 31
 2015
46
195
000
4
620
6
493
518
(7
561
751
(1
063
613



part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.



    
    



Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
601
066
(4
057
171

    
    
    

    
19
277
5
889

    
16
750
    

    
671
920
    

    
142
987
    

    
    
3
246
149

    
140
370
10
000

    
(52
890
    

    
    
    

    
(4
265
80
196

    
(306
804
(317
969

    
155
391
(257
897

    
1
133
166
165
713

    
502
074
51
222

    
(4
688
(9
941

    
(1
187
778
(1
083
809

    
    
    

    
(50
076
(37
869

    
    
    

    
(50
076
(37
505

    
    
    

    
289
273
20
000

    
12
500
    

    
(4
892
(5
448

    
    
2
634

    
    
(1
518


848
    
2
158
152

    
296
881
2
173
820

    
(940
973
1
052
506

    
1
082
290
29
784

    
141
317
1
082
290

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
593
3
974

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
200
000

    
    
26
831

    
    
46
853

    
65
625
110
000

    
142
987
10
000



part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.



    
    




 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014






 developer
 producer
 and marketer of hand-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
 and vodka. The Company currently distributes its products in fifteen states (Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 and Maryland). The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). The Company is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon.


 2014
 Eurocan
Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the LLC) pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition
consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate
of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting
purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. These consolidated
financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the
legal common stock of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the legal capital of Eurocan prior to the Acquisition.


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
(Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eurocan and constituted
the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant. Eastside and MWWD are collectively referred to herein
as &quot;the Company&quot;.


 2015
 the Company
entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially all assets and liabilities
of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release of all claims and liabilities
related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary. As a result of the Share Transfer
the Company recorded a gain of approximately $53
000
 which is included in other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2015. This gain is primarily the result of the transfer of net liabilities
to Michael Williams.


 2015 referred to in these consolidated financial statements include both the results of Eastside and MWWD (through February 3
 2015). The results for fiscal 2014 referred to in these consolidated financial statements include the results of the LLC.






been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred a loss of $3
601
066 and have an accumulated deficit of $7
561
751
for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 and expect to incur further losses in the development of our business
 we have negative
working capital of $1.2 million at December 31
 2015
 and have been dependent on funding operations through the issuance of debt
convertible debt and private sale of equity securities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as the going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans include continuing to finance operations through the private or public placement
of debt and/or equity securities and the reduction of expenses. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


successful ability to raise capital and increases in revenues will provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern. The Company's ultimate success depends on its ability to achieve profitable operations and generate positive cash flow
from operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve profitable operations or raise additional capital or financing
at acceptable terms.







financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.




segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating decision makers
 its chief executive
officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources
and evaluating financial performance.




in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s (typically the OLCC) shipment to the customer. Postage and handling
charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally
FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location.
The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of
return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company's merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed the
discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014




costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and
in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by contract production fees
and packaging.




to shipment of merchandise from the Company&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2015 and 2014.




subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015 and December
31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67% of trade receivables
 respectively.
Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of consolidated revenues for each of the years ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2015 and December
31
 2014
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value under the &quot;fair value
option&quot; provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under
GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    


or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

    


or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either
directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and
quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

    


or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement and reflect management's
own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.



liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2015 and 2014. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.
At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed rates and their carrying
value approximates fair value.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014




of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing
methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the OLCC on
consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs
for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product demand and production
requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no
write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.




at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.




when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired. Goodwill is presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is analyzed annually for impairment. An annual review
is performed during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to
determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014
 the Company determined that its goodwill recorded as a result
of the Acquisition was fully impaired.




is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &quot;asset and liability method&quot; for
accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. At December&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company established valuation allowances against
its net deferred tax assets.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


the &quot;more-likely-than-not&quot; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized
income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would
be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized
income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and
for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.


tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related tax
authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.




as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $389
000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
and is included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.




of net (loss) income and other comprehensive income. The Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income items
for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.



The Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.




expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the
related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the
vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair
value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are
recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest.




certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those customer receivables in advance of payment for
75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining 25%. We are charged interest on the advanced
75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. This program has improved our liquidity
 but there can be no assurance that these programs
will continue in the future. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices have recourse
should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as a liability until the customer remits payment
and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices
totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $17
601.
We incurred interest expense associated with the factoring program of $5
867 during the year ended December 31
 2015. We did not
factor any invoices during fiscal year 2014.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014




 the Financial Accounting Standard
Boards (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 &mdash;Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance
lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement
date:


A lease liability
 which is a lessee&lsquo;s obligation
to make lease payments arising from a lease




A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents
the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control the use of




 lessor
accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the
lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting
for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no
longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
for a calendar year entity).  Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. Lessees
(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in
the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.


 FASB issued Accounting
Standard Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&ldquo;ASU 2014-09&rdquo;) amending revenue recognition guidance
and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2016. The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (&quot;ASU 2014-15&quot;). The new
guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional
detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within
those annual periods. Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. The Company does not believe that this standard
will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (&quot;ASU 2015-11&quot;)
 which requires entities
to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The guidance
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early
adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early
adopted as of December 31
 2015.




been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2015 presentation with no changes to net loss or total stockholders' equity previously
reported.





31:



    
    
    

    
415
953
282
007

    
248
713
84
887

    
19
158
10
126

    
683
824
377
020







at December 31:



    
    
    

    
71
408
48
585

    
8
607
5
487

    
38
831
38
831

    
31
253
    

    
135
759
92
903

    
(30
974
(11
697

    
112
005
81
206



277 and $5
889 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.





at December 31:



    
    
    


 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
21
940
26
831

    
21
940
26
831

    
(4
098
(3
560

    
17
842
23
271




    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014






 convertible notes
payable consisted of:



    
    
    


 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to May 31
 2016 on April 1
 2016. The note may be converted into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.40 per share. The note may be prepaid upon payment of 150% of the outstanding principal balance to the holder.
150
000
150
000

    
    
    

Secured Convertible promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
 day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00 (the &ldquo;Fixed Conversion Price&rdquo;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.&nbsp;&nbsp;The note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life of the loan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Note is secured by our inventory pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Security Agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
272
708
    

    
    
    


 2016.
50
000
    

    
472
708
150
000

    
    
    

    
16
750
    

    
    
    

    
455
958
150
000

    
    
    

    
    
    



was $16
750 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and was recorded as other expense in the consolidated statement of operations.


on notes payable as of December&nbsp;31
 2015
 are as follows:





    
474
684

    
4
271

    
4
625

    
5
008

    
5
423

    
    

    
494
521




    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014






results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
(1
200
378
(1
378
928

    
(233
015
(266
684

    
1
442
900
138
579

    
    
1
497
622

    
(9
507
10
911

    
    
1

500



tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
582
317
148
927

    
61
050
4
060

    
1
643
367
152
987

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(61
888
(14
408

    
(61
888
(14
408

    
(1
581
479
(138
579

    
    
    



31
 2015
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $1.6 million
 to offset against future
income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively.
The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029.


the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability
of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.







leases its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020. Monthly
lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent adjustments
when gross sales exceed certain minimums.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


31
 2015
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
296
000

    
275
000

    
266
000

    
278
000

    
240
000

    
1
355
000



$384
000 and $144
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




is involved in certain legal matters arising from the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that the outcome
of these matters will have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.





computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 without considering
any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially
dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially
dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares
at December 31
 2015 and 2014. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in
2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
(3
601
066
(4
057
171

    
45
750
363
33
374
007

    
    
    






 the Company issued 37
500 shares of
common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered.


 the Company issued 225
000 shares of
common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.


 the Company issued 135
000 shares of
common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.


 the Company issued 45
000 shares of
common stock to employees.


 the Company entered into a
consulting agreement under which it agreed to issue 100
000 shares of common stock to a consultant for services. These shares
have not been issued.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 the Company entered into management
consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 90
000 shares of common stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services
rendered. These shares were issued in February 2016.


 the Company entered into management
consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 50
000 shares of common stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services
rendered. These shares were issued effective February 18
 2016.







 2015
 the Company
adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or
compensation stock under the Plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per share of each stock option
shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Stock options shall
vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two. At December
31
 2015
 there were 1
200
000 options issued under the Plan outstanding.


 from
time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2015
 there were 1
000
000 options outstanding
that were not issued under the Plan.


activity at and for the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 is presented below:



    
    
    
Average 
Exercise Price


 2014
1
000
000
    

    
1
650
000
    

    
    
    

    
(450
000
    


 2015
2
200
000
    

    
    
    


 2015
1
052
083
    




200
000 options granted
under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an agreement with the holder.


of options outstanding at December 31
 2015 was $0.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 2015
 there
were 1
147
917 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $476
175. The unvested options will vest in accordance
with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to 24 months. The aggregate
intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2015 was $0. During the twelve months ended December 31
 2015
 52
083 options
became vested.


valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options issued to employees
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.
To determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration
the effect of the following:














assumptions that require management's judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using the simplified method described
in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period. Estimated
volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar entities whose share
prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant
maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2015:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



fair value per share of stock options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 was $0.46. The aggregate grant date
fair value of the 1
650
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 was $763
550.


December 31
 2015
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $140
370. At December 31
 2015
 the total compensation
cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $395
169
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of approximately 1.60 years.






31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal credit card. These
related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the balance due to the chief
executive officer was approximately $27
075 and $3
000
 respectively
 and is included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014






 2016
 the Company
issued 90
000 shares of common stock under consulting agreements entered into by the Company in November 2015.


 2016
the Company issued 50
000 shares of common stock under consulting agreements entered into by the Company in December 2015.


 2016
 the Company
filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Series
A Certificate of Designation&rdquo;) which sets forth the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the &ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;). &nbsp;Three thousand (3
000) shares of Series A Preferred with a stated value of
$1
000 per share were authorized under the Series A Certificate of Designation. Each share of Series A Preferred has a stated value
of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) at a fixed conversion
price equal to $0.15 per share. The Series A Preferred accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable
quarterly in arrears at the Company&rsquo;s option either in cash or &ldquo;in kind&rdquo; in shares of Common Stock; provided
however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its
audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted
under applicable law out of funds legally available therefor. For &lsquo;in-kind&rdquo; dividends
 holders will receive that number
of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average
of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date. In the event of any voluntary
or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5. For all matters submitted to a
vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes
equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares
of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible
multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &ldquo;Total Series A Votes&rdquo;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro
rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders
of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred.


 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s
5% convertible note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC was further amended to extend the maturity date thereunder to May 31
 2016
and to provide for installment payments on the principal amount on such note as follows: $25
000 on April 5
 2016; $35
000 on April
29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31
 2016. Failure to make the installment payments on the prescribed due dates
will constitute an event of default under such note.


 2016
 the Company
conducted an initial closing for 880 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 12 accredited investors at a price of $1
000 per Unit for an
aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain of
its officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation
of outstanding indebtedness.. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into shares
of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share at a rate of $0.15 per share
 and (ii) one Warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
 to
purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.18 per whole share. &nbsp;The
Company received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used $28
560 of these proceeds as payment
for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 approximately $25
000 was used
to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory notes. &nbsp;The remaining proceeds will be used for working capital and
general corporate purposes and to fund growth opportunities. In addition
 we issued 5-year warrants to purchase 71
400 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 to broker-dealers in connection with the initial closing of this private placement.
Steven Earles
 the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in the Offering in consideration
of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Steven Shum the Company&rsquo;s chief financial officer purchased 97 Units in the Offering
in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel the Company&rsquo;s chief marketing officer and secretary
purchased 58 Units in the Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles the Company&rsquo;s
chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles purchased 83 Units in the Offering in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and
unpaid salary.


    
    


Item 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.





Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


the preparation of this annual report on Form 10-K
 an evaluation was carried out by our management
 with the participation of
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
as of December 31
 2015. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.


the Company&rsquo;s management concluded
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. Management intends to improve the adequacy of its disclosure controls and procedures
during the course of 2016
 subject to available resources.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing
similar functions
 and effected by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that:


pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company&rsquo;s assets;


provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors;
and


provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.


management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31
 2015
issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). As a result of this assessment
 management identified
a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting.


    
    



is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis.


identified is described below.

Procedures for
Management has not established with appropriate rigor the procedures for evaluating internal controls
over financial reporting. Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties
 documentation of the limited control structure
has not been accomplished.

Lack of Audit
 To date
 the Company has not established an Audit Committee. It is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee
including a financial expert
 is an utmost important entity level control over the financial reporting process.

Insufficient
. The Company employs policies and procedures for reconciliation of its financial statements
and note disclosures
 however
 these processes are not appropriately documented.


material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above
 the Company&rsquo;s management has concluded
that
 as of December 31
 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria
in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit
of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to
provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


 2015
we appointed Steven Shum as our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Mr. Shum&rsquo;s appointment
 Mr. Earles served as both Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Shum has served as principal accounting officer for a publicly traded entity
previously as well. We believe the segregation of duties as well as Mr. Shum&rsquo;s prior public company accounting experience
will improve our internal control over financial reporting.




following the Signatures section of this report there are Certifications of our CEO and CFO. The Certifications are required in
accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item of this report is the
information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction
with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.


    
    





 2016
 our
5% convertible note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC was further amended to extend the maturity date thereunder to May 31
 2016
and to provide for installment payments on the principal amount on such note as follows: $25
000 on April 5
 2016; $35
000 on April
29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31
 2016. Failure to make the installment payments on the prescribed due dates
will constitute an event of default under such note.


    
    





 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


our directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary and director

    
    
    
    
    



President Chief Executive Officer and
director (Chairman) 


as our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and director (Chairman) since October 31
 2014. Previously
 Mr. Earles served as Eastside
Distilling LLC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer since January 2014. Prior to joining Eastside
 Mr. Earles served as managing director
of CRM Land Development LLC
 a land development company from 2010 to 2014. From 2000 to 2010
 Mr. Earles served as Chief Executive
Officer for SD Earles Inc.
 a southern California real estate development company. In addition
 Mr. Earles served as Chief Executive
Officer for several start-up companies from 2000 to 2010.





as our Chief Financial Officer since October 1
 2015. Prior to joining Eastside
 Mr. Shum served as an officer and director of
XZERES Corp from October 2008 until April 3
 2015
 a publicly-traded global renewable energy company. At XZERES
 Mr. Shum&rsquo;s
officer roles included; Chief Operating Officer from September 9
 2014 until April 3
 2015
 Chief Financial Officer
 Principal
Accounting Officer and Secretary (alternate name: Cascade Wind Corp) from April 2010 until September 9
 2014
 as the Chief Executive
Officer of Cascade Wind Corp.
 Inc. (now XZERES Corp.) from October 2008 to August 2010
 and as the President of Cascade Wind Corp.
Inc. (formerly
 A.R.E. Wind Corp.) from October 2008 to April 12
 2010. Mr. Shum also serves as the Managing Principal of Core
Fund Management
 LP and the Fund Manager of Core Fund
 LP. He was a Founder of Revere Data LLC (now part of Factset Research Systems
Inc.) and served as its Executive Vice President for four years
 heading up the product development efforts and contributing to
operations
 business development
 and sales. He spent six years as an Investment Research Analyst and Portfolio Manager of D.N.B.
Capital Management
 Inc. His previous employers include Red Chip Review and Laughlin Group of Companies. He earned a BS in Finance
and a BS in General Management from the Portland State University in 1992.


Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary
and director


as our Chief Marketing Officer and director since January 13
 2015 and as our Secretary since February 27
 2015. Since April 2014
Mr. Kunkel has also served as Director of Player Development and Casino Marketing at the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas
 Nevada.
From June 2011 to April 2014
 Mr. Kunkel served as Executive Casino Host and Casino Marketing for the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas
Nevada. From October 2010 to June 2011
 Mr. Kunkel served as Casino Host for the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino in Hollywood
 Florida.


    
    






as a director since October 31
 2014. In addition
 Mr. Gotter served as Chief Operating Officer and from October 31
 2014 to February
26
 2015. Mr. Gotter founded Eastside Distilling
 LLC
 our wholly-owned subsidiary in 2008 and has served in management positions
since its founding
 most recently as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Gotter has a degree in economics from the University of Wisconsin.




prior experience with Eastside as well as experience with other start-up businesses as well as his experience as CEO for a real
estate development company as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our directors. Regarding
Mr. Gotter
 we considered his experience founding Eastside and being employed in various management capacities at Eastside since
2008 as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our directors. Regarding Mr. Kunkel
 we considered
his marketing and player development positions as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our
directors.




or executive officers has
 during the past ten years:


has had any bankruptcy petition filed by
or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
two years prior to that time;


been convicted in a criminal proceeding or
been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);


been subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities or banking
activities; 


been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
(in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal
or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated; 


been subject or a party to or any other disclosable
event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.


    
    







communications to the Board of Directors by sending a certified or registered letter to the Chairman of the Board
 care of the
Secretary
 at our main business address set forth above. Communications that are threatening
 illegal
 or similarly inappropriate
and advertisements
 solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions
 and other similar communications will generally not be
forwarded to the Chairman.




sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2015
and 2014.



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
152
083
    
    
    
    


 Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
 Director&nbsp;&nbsp;(Since October 31
 2014)
    
9
000
    
    
    
9
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
48
750
    
198
050
    
    


 (Since October 1
 2015)
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
192
000
    
    


 Secretary&nbsp;&nbsp;and&nbsp; Director (Since January 13
 2015)
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
71
500
    
    
    
    


 2014 to February 26
 2015)
    
15
600
    
    
    
15
800

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Until October 31
 2014)
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014)
    
    
    
    
    
    



$119
519 accrued and not paid during the period.

$48
750 accrued not paid during the period.

Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 850
000 shares of common stock underlying
the stock option on the date of grant ($0.45 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This
amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Shum vest
over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months
and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year following date of grant (3/48th/month).

$42
500 accrued not paid during the period.

Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 200
000 shares of common stock underlying
the stock option on the date of grant ($1.85 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This
amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Kunkel vest
over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months
and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year following date of grant (3/48th/month).


$10
500 accrued not paid during the period.



Includes compensation paid by Eastside Distilling
 LLC.



    
    










sets forth information concerning the number of shares of common stock underlying restricted stock awards and stock options granted
to the Named Executive Officers in the year ended December 31
 2015.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Plan
    Awards
Plan
    Awards
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Units
    (#)
Options
    (#)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
    
192
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
850
000
    
198
050






Options vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following date of grant
 with
 per month and 75% vesting in the second year following date
of grant (3/48

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End 


forth all outstanding equity awards made to each of the Named Executive Officers that are outstanding as of December 31
 2015.



    
    
Option
    Awards (1)
Stock
    Awards

    
Grant
    Date
Number
    of
Number
    of
    
    Price ($)
    
    Expiration&nbsp;Date
    
                                         
                                         
    
    of Shares or

Martin
    Kunkel
    
33
332
166
668
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
850
000
    
    
    
    






Options vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year
following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second
year following date of grant (3/48th/month). 


    
    









agreements with each of Steven Earles
 Steven Shum
 Lenny Gotter and Martin Kunkel. Descriptions of the material terms of each
agreement are set forth below.




 2015
we entered into an employment agreement with Steven Earles to serve as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
and Chairman of our Board of Directors.&nbsp; The agreement is for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for
an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $104
000 per year. Mr. Earles is eligible to receive a bonus of at the
discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; On August 12
 2015
 we amended Mr. Earles&rsquo; employment agreement to increase his
annual base salary to $245
000


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits (iii)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and(iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination without
cause.




 2015
we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Shum. The agreement is for an initial term ending on October 5
 2018 and provides
for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $195
000 per year
 Mr. Shum is eligible to receive a bonus of at
the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; In addition
 Mr. Shum received an option to purchase 850
000 shares of our common
stock.&nbsp; This option has a 5 year term and the securities issued thereunder will be vest over 2-years with 25% vesting in the
first year and 75% vesting in the second year
 provided
 however
 that the options will not begin vesting until 6-months after
the date of grant.


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits (iii)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination
without cause.



On
February 6
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Lenny Gotter to serve as Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp; The agreement
is for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $78
000
per year


eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; On February 26
 2015
 Mr. Gotter&rsquo;s agreement
was amended to reflect his resignation as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Gotter will continue to be employed by us in his role as
a founder.


    
    


The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance
benefits (iii) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; (iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination
without cause. 



On
February 6
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Martin Kunkel to serve as Chief Marketing Officer.&nbsp; The agreement
is for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $40
000
per year
 Mr. Kunkel is eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; In addition
 Mr. Kunkel
received an option to purchase 200
000 shares of our common stock.&nbsp; This option has a 5 year term and the securities issued

 however

 2015
we amended Mr. Kunkel&rsquo;s employment agreement to increase his annual base salary to $104
000.


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits (iii)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination
without cause.




Earles
 Shum
 Gotter
 and Kunkel&rsquo;s employment agreements
 each of them is entitled to a severance payment of six (6) month&rsquo;s
salary at the then-applicable base salary rate in the event that we terminate their employment without cause.


sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to each of Messrs. Earles
 Gotter and Kunkel
upon termination without cause. The potential payments are based on the terms of each of the Employment Agreements discussed above.
For a more detailed description of the particular Employment Agreement
 see the &ldquo;Employment Agreements&rdquo; section above.&nbsp;



    
    

    
122
500

    
97
500

    
39
000

    
52
000





Based on Mr. Earles&rsquo; current annual base salary of $245
000.

Based on Mr. Shum&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $195
000.

Based on Mr. Gotter&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $78
000.

Based on Mr. Kunkel&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $104
000.


    
    





 directors
receive no compensation for their services on our Board. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with attending board of director and committee meetings provided that we have the resources to pay these
expenses.




of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;We will provide
to any person without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our code of ethics.&nbsp;&nbsp;Requests may be directed to our principal
executive offices at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.


BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MAATERS


sets forth information as of April 12
 2016 as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive officers and directors
and of all of our officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of April 12
 2016
 we had 46
726
000 shares of common stock
outstanding.


is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe
that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown
as beneficially owned by the stockholder.

&nbsp;&#9;Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
the date of this Registration Statement are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person.



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
333
167
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
16
360
655
    
    
    
    

    
12
150
000
    
    
    
    

    
873
295
    
    
    
    

    
1
293
269
    
    
    
    

    
30
667
218
    
    
    
    




Unless otherwise noted
 the address is c/o Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 1805 SE Martin Luther King
Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.

Based on 46
726
000 shares of common stock and 880 shares of series A preferred stock outstanding
as of the date of this report. Also includes shares issuable exercise of outstanding options and warrants


    
    



Percentage of Total Voting Power is based on 61
392
667 votes and includes voting rights attached
to all Common Shares Outstanding and all shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding which are entitled to vote with the common
holders. Holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number
of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued
under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 for a total of
14
666
667votes
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion such total. The total voting power
excludes shares issuable upon exercise of options and warrants. each of which can be converted into Common Shares of the Company
but do not contain voting rights until converted into common stock.

 St
 2F
 Philadelphia
 PA 19106

Includes (i) 1
666
667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 250 shares of series
A convertible preferred stock; and (ii) up to 1
666
500 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in connection
with the original issuance of the shares of series A convertible preferred stock.

Includes (i) 1
786
667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 268 shares of series
A convertible preferred stock (of which 553
333 shares relate to 83 share of series A convertible preferred stock held by Mr. Earles&rsquo;
wife); and (ii) up to 1
786
488 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in connection with the original
issuance of the shares of series A convertible preferred stock (of which 553
278 shares relates to warrants held by Mr. Earles&rsquo;
wife).



Includes (i) 386
667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 58 shares of series A convertible
preferred stock; (ii) up to 386
628 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in connection with the original
issuance of the shares of series A convertible preferred stock and (iii) 100
000 shares under options (either presently exercisable
or within 60-days of April 12
 2016)

Includes (i) 646
667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 97 shares of series A convertible
preferred stock; and (ii) up to 646
602 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in connection with the
original issuance of the shares of series A convertible preferred stock


TRANSACTIONS


December 31
 2014
 a former officer of the Company advanced us $8
358. The amount is non-interest bearing
 unsecured and due on
demand. This advance was forgiven in October 2014 in connection with the Acquisition.


 our President
Mr. Earles
 paid expenses on behalf of Eastside Distilling on his personal credit card totaling $345
212. During 2015
 Mr. Earles
paid expenses on behalf of Eastside Distilling on his personal credit card totaling $731
899. These related party advances do not
bear interest and are payable on demand. We have repaid $704
824 of these advances leaving a balance due as of December 31
 2015
of $27
075.


 our
President
 Mr. Earles
 purchased 37
500 shares of common stock for $15
000 in our December 2014 Offering.


    
    



 2016
 Steven
Earles
 our president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in our Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering
in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Steven Shum our chief financial officer purchased 97 Units in the in
our Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel
our chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in in our Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration
of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles our chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles purchased 83 Units
in in our Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. These issuances
were unanimously approved by our board of directors
 including all disinterested directors.


foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 it is our current
policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions
are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation
as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party
transactions on an ongoing basis
 and
 where appropriate
 we will utilize our audit committee for the review of potential conflicts
of interest.




has determined that none of our directors are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined under the standards set forth in Section 121A
of the American Stock Exchange Company Guide.&nbsp;&nbsp;In making this determination
 the Board of Directors considered all transactions
set forth under &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo; above.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES. 




Inc.
&nbsp;LLP billed us $52
500 in fees for our 2015 annual audit and $37
800 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial
statements in 2015. Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc.
&nbsp;LLP billed us $25
000 in fees for our 2014 annual audit. MaloneBailey LLP billed
us $12
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in 2014.




Pilger Mayer
 Inc. for assurance and related services of $35
000 related to other SEC filings in 2015.


fees to Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. for assurance and related services that are not reported under Audit Fees above in 2014. We did
not pay any fees to MaloneBailey
 LLP for assurance and related services that are not reported under Audit Fees above in 2014




ended each of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. were $0. For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by MaloneBailey LLP were $0.


    
    





pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures
 our audit
committee pre-approves all services to be provided by Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. and the estimated fees related to these services.


 audit related
and tax services were pre-approved by the audit committee
 which concluded that the provision of such services by Burr Pilger Mayer
Inc. was compatible with the maintenance of that firm&rsquo;s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. Our pre-approval
policies and procedures provide for the audit committee&rsquo;s pre-approval of specifically described audit
 audit-related
 and
tax services on an annual basis
 but individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds must be separately
approved. The policies and procedures also require specific approval by the audit committee if total fees for audit-related and
tax services would exceed total fees for audit services in any fiscal year. The policies and procedures authorize the audit committee
to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services.









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 20
 2014 by and among Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 and Eastside Distilling
 LLC.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 20
 2014 and filed on October 23
 2014.

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 19
 2014 between Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. and Eastside Distilling
 Inc. incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November 25
 2014.

    
    
Separation and Share Transfer Agreement dated February 3
 2015 by and among Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. and Michael Williams
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on 8-K dated February 3
 2015 and filed on February 5
 2015.

    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Eurocan Holdings
 Inc. (now known as Eastside Distilling
 Inc.)
 incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Eurocan Holdings
 Inc. (now known as Eastside Distilling
 Inc.)
 incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918

    
    
Articles of Merger dated November 19
 2014 between of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November 25
 2014.

    
    
Certificate of Designation&mdash;Series A Preferred Stock
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9
 2016 and filed on March 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended 5% Convertible Note dated September 19
 2014
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2014.

    
    
5% Secured Promissory Note dated June 13
 2014 in the principal amount of $150
000 issued by Eastside Distilling LLC in favor of Crystal Falls.
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2014.



    
    




    
    
First Amendment to 5% Amended Convertible Note dated September 19
 2014
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended June 30
 2015 filed on August 14
 2015.

    
    
Secured Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $275
000 dated September 10
 2015 in favor of WWOD Holdings
 LLC
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 10
 2015 and filed on September 17
 2015.

    
    
Promissory Note dated August 6
 2015 in the amount of $50
000
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Form of Warrant (Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering)
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 4
 2016 and filed on April 4
 2016.

    
    
4th Amendment to 5% Convertible Promissory Note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC (1).

    
    
Form of Subscription Agreement
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31
 2014 and filed on January 5
 2015.

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31
 2014 and filed on January 5
 2015.

    
    
Lease Agreement dated July 17
 2014 between PJM Bldg. II LLC and Eastside Distilling LLC
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
2015 Stock Incentive Plan of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015

    
    
Lease Agreement with Oregon City Building Limited Partnership
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Specialty Lease Agreement dated January 20
 2015 between RPR Washington Square LLC and Eastside Distilling
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 

    
    
License Agreement dated October 10
 2014 between Clackamas Town Center and Eastside Distilling
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Non-Exclusive Consulting Agreement with Rinvest Securities
 Inc.

 2014 and filed on March 31
 2015

    
    
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (Steven Earles)
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended June 30
 2015 filed on August 14
 2015.

    
    
First Amendment to Employment Agreement (Steven Earles)
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended June 30
 2015 filed on August 14
 2015.



    
    




    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 10
 2015 with WWOD Holdings LLC
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 10
 2015 and filed on September 17
 2015.

    
    
Security Agreement with WWOD Holdings
 LLC as secured party
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 10
 2015 and filed on September 17
 2015.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated October 1
 2015 with Steven Shum
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 2015 and filed on October 5
 2015.

    
    
Financial Public Relations Agreement with Liolios Group
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10Q for the period ended September 30
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
    
Form of Subscription Agreement for Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 4
 2016 and filed on April 4
 2016.

    
    
Code of Ethics
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
 Consent of Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc.(1)


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1)

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer

    
April 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary
    
April 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    



    














     






AMENDED FIVE PERCENT (5%) CONVERTIBLE
NOTE DATED SEPTEMBER 19
 2014
(Originally dated June 13
 2014)


&rdquo;) to Amended Five Percent (5%) Convertible Note dated September 19
 2014 (originally dated
June 13
 2014) issued by Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (now known as Eastside Distilling
 Inc.) to Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC in the
principal amount of $150
000 as amended by that certain First Amendment dated July 24
 2015
 as further amended by that certain
Second Amendment dated September 9
 2015 as further amended by that certain Third Amendment effective as of December 13
 2015
is made and entered into effective as of April 1
 2016
 by and among Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (f/k/a Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd.)
&rdquo;)
 and Crystal Falls Investments
&rdquo;). The
Company and Holder are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo; or individually as a &quot;Party&quot;.




 on
June 13
 2014
 the Company issued Holder a 5% Note in the amount of $150
000
 the terms of which were amended on September 19
2014 pursuant an Amended Five Percent Convertible Note and further amended by that certain First Amendment dated July 24
 2015
and further amended by that certain Second Amendment dated September 9
 2015 and further amended by that certain Third Amendment
dated as of December 13
 2015 (as amended
&rdquo;). The Note is incorporated into this Fourth Amendment
by this reference and all defined terms in the Note shall have the same meaning in this Fourth Amendment.


 the
Maturity Date under the Note is April 1
 2016.


 the
Parties desire to (i) extend the Maturity Date until May 31
 2016; (ii) provide for installment payments of principal on the terms
set forth below and (iii) remove the default provision upon the Company&rsquo;s incurrence of certain indebtedness.

NOW
 THEREFORE

in consideration of the foregoing
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged
 the Parties hereto agree as follows:



Incorporation
of Recitals



Extension
 The
second full paragraph of the Note beginning &ldquo;FOR VALUE RECEIVED&rdquo; is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety
as follows:


    
    



VALUE RECEIVED
 the Company promises to pay Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC (the &ldquo;Holder&rdquo;) or its designee
 the principal
sum of One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($150
&rdquo;) or such lesser
principal amount following either the conversion or conversions of this Note in accordance with Paragraph 2 or pursuant to any
&rdquo;)
on May 31
&rdquo;). In addition
 the Company agrees to make installment payments on the Principal
Amount to Holder as follows: $25
000 on April 5
 2016; $35
000 on April 29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31
2016 (each such payment
 an &ldquo;
 that failure to make any
Installment Payment on the above specified dates will constitute an Event of Default. In addition
 interest shall accrue on the
&rdquo;) from the date of issuance
and all interest shall be paid on the Maturity Date.&rdquo;

Deletion
&#9;The Parties hereby agree that Subsection 1.8 under Section 8 (default)
 shall be
deleted in its entirety and replaced to read as follows: &ldquo;1.8. RESERVED.&rdquo;

.
The Holder hereby waives all existing defaults under the Note as of the date of this Fourth Amendment. 

.
This Fourth Amendment shall be deemed a modification of the Note.

.
This Fourth Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.


    
    



the Parties hereto
 intending to be legally bound
 have each executed this Fourth Amendment on the dates set forth above.



    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
CRYSTAL FALLS INVESTMENTS
 LLC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Name:
    Ashvin Mascarenhas

    
    



    














     








by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-205162 on Form S-8 of our report dated April 13
 2016
 with respect to the audited
consolidated financial statements of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.



/s/ Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc.
    

San Francisco
 California
    

    
    



    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a)
 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 


 Steven Earles
 certify that:


10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


    
    



and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.

April 13
2016



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a)
 

SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 


 Steven Shum
 certify that:


10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


    
    



 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.

April 13
2016



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 


 Steven Earles.
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling


of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K
fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

April 13
2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 Steven Shum
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling


of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K
fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

April 13
2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    




















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        



      


      




          


          




      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3

 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating&#13;decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer

 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment&#13;to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise.&#13;Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase&#13;by customers at a retail location. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations


 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing&#13;rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


 2015 and December 31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67%&#13;of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of consolidated&#13;revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014

 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial&#13;statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December&#13;31
 2015 and December 31
 2014

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2015 and 2014. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure&#13;of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time&#13;to their maturities. At December 31
 2015 and 2014

 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory&#13;is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand&#13;and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#146;s estimated forecast of product&#13;demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company&#13;has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31

 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements&#13;is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets

 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets&#13;for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest&#13;charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than&#13;the carrying amount of the asset

 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment&#13;exist
 to determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014

&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces&#13;deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2015 and 2014

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued&#13;or expensed at and for the years ended December 31

000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015&#13;and 2014
 respectively
 and is included in selling
 general



&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected&#13;stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates

 we have the option to sell those&#13;customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining&#13;25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. This program has improved our liquidity
&#13;but there can be no assurance that these programs will continue in the future. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring&#13;provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as&#13;a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the fiscal year&#13;ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we&#13;had factored invoices outstanding of $17
601. We incurred interest expense associated with the factoring program of $5
867 during&#13;the year ended December 31

 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02&#13;&amp;#151;Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#145;s&#13;    obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease

 which is an asset that&#13;    represents the lessee&amp;#146;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor&#13;accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified&#13;the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.&#13;Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments&#13;in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
&#13;January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. Lessees (for capital&#13;and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective&#13;transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-09&amp;#148;)&#13;amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand&#13;the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective&#13;for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted for annual and interim&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (ASU&#13;2014-15). The new guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and&#13;may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. Though permitted

 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (ASU 2015-11)
 which&#13;requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as&#13;the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and&#13;transportation. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Though permitted

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount&#13;of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application&#13;is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31

























277 and $5
889 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014













 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016&#13;    during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to May 31
 2016 on April 1



 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;)
 payable in&#13;    six installments (&amp;#147;Amortization Payments&amp;#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&#13;    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00 (the&#13;    &amp;#147;Fixed Conversion Price&amp;#148;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance&#13;    of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price&#13;    or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;    note was issued with an original issue discount









750 for the year ended December 31

 2015








200

378



442


497




582




643






581


 2015
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $1.6 million
 to offset&#13;against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
&#13;respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation&#13;of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of&#13;the realizability of the deferred tax assets


 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.&#13;Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations&#13;in rental payments

 2015






355

000 and $144
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum&#13;of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding&#13;during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options&#13;and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive.&#13;There were no dilutive common shares at December 31


601

057

750

374


 the Company issued 37

 the Company issued 225

 the Company issued 135

 the Company issued 45

 the Company entered into a consulting agreement under which it agreed to issue100

 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 90

 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 50
000 shares of common&#13;stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. These shares were issued effective February 18


 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant&#13;of either stock options or compensation stock under the Plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per&#13;share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date&#13;of grant. Stock options shall vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
&#13;and 75% in year two. At December 31
 2015
 there were 1
200

 from time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2015
 there&#13;were 1
000



000

650



200


052

200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options


 2015
 there were 1
147
917 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $476
175. The unvested options&#13;will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to&#13;24 months. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2015 was $0. During the twelve months ended December&#13;31
 2015
 52



 2015 was&#13;$0.46. The aggregate grant date fair value of the 1
650
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 was&#13;$763

 2015
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $140
370. At December 31
 2015
&#13;the total compensation cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $395
169


 2015 and 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his&#13;personal credit card. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
&#13;the balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $27
075 and $3
000
 respectively


 2016
 the Company issued 90

 2016
 the Company issued 50

 2016
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock (the &amp;#147;Series A Certificate of Designation&amp;#148;) which sets forth the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series&#13;A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &amp;#147;Series A Preferred&amp;#148;). &amp;#160;Three thousand (3
000) shares of Series A Preferred&#13;with a stated value of $1
000 per share were authorized under the Series A Certificate of Designation. Each share of Series A&#13;Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock (the &amp;#147;Common&#13;Stock&amp;#148;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $0.15 per share. The Series A Preferred accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per&#13;annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&amp;#146;s option either in cash or &amp;#147;in kind&amp;#148;&#13;in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company&#13;has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at&#13;least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefor. For &amp;#145;in-kind&amp;#148;&#13;dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such&#13;stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately&#13;preceding a dividend date. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the&#13;Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to:&#13;(i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of&#13;Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5. For all matters submitted to a vote of the Company&amp;#146;s stockholders
 the holders of the&#13;Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common&#13;Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A&#13;Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &amp;#147;Total Series A Votes&amp;#148;)
&#13;with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock&#13;do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any&#13;of the rights

 2016
 the Company&amp;#146;s 5% convertible note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC was further amended to extend the maturity&#13;date thereunder to May 31
 2016 and to provide for installment payments on the principal amount on such note as follows: $25
000&#13;on April 5
 2016; $35
000 on April 29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31

 2016
 the Company conducted an initial closing for 880 units (&amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;) to 12 accredited investors at a price&#13;of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 Units&#13;were purchased by certain of its officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased&#13;in consideration of cancellation of outstanding indebtedness.. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock convertible into shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share at a rate of $0.15 per share
 and (ii) one Warrant
&#13;exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of&#13;$0.18 per whole share. &amp;#160;The Company received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used&#13;$28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers. &amp;#160;&amp;#160;In&#13;addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory notes. &amp;#160;The remaining proceeds&#13;will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth opportunities. In addition
 we issued 5-year&#13;warrants to purchase 71
400 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 to broker-dealers in connection with the initial&#13;closing of this private placement. Steven Earles
 the Company&amp;#146;s president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units&#13;in the Offering in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Steven Shum the Company&amp;#146;s chief financial officer&#13;purchased 97 Units in the Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in the Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary.&#13;Carrie Earles the Company&amp;#146;s chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles purchased 83 Units in the Offering in consideration&#13;of $83


 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating&#13;decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer


 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3

    

 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment&#13;to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise.&#13;Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase&#13;by customers at a retail location. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations



 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing&#13;rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales




 2015 and December 31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67%&#13;of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of consolidated&#13;revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014


 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial&#13;statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December&#13;31
 2015 and December 31
 2014

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2015 and 2014. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure&#13;of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time&#13;to their maturities. At December 31
 2015 and 2014

    



 we have the option to sell those&#13;customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining&#13;25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. This program has improved our liquidity
&#13;but there can be no assurance that these programs will continue in the future. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring&#13;provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as&#13;a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the fiscal year&#13;ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we&#13;had factored invoices outstanding of $17
601. We incurred interest expense associated with the factoring program of $5
867 during&#13;the year ended December 31


 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory&#13;is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand&#13;and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#146;s estimated forecast of product&#13;demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company&#13;has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31


 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements&#13;is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets&#13;for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest&#13;charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than&#13;the carrying amount of the asset


 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment&#13;exist
 to determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014


&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces&#13;deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2015 and 2014

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued&#13;or expensed at and for the years ended December 31


000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015&#13;and 2014
 respectively
 and is included in selling
 general






&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected&#13;stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
























277 and $5
889 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014













 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016&#13;    during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to May 31
 2016 on April 1



 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &amp;#147;Note&amp;#148;)
 payable in&#13;    six installments (&amp;#147;Amortization Payments&amp;#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30&lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&#13;    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00 (the&#13;    &amp;#147;Fixed Conversion Price&amp;#148;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance&#13;    of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price&#13;    or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The&#13;    note was issued with an original issue discount










 2015








200

378



442


497





582




643






581



 2015






355



601

057

750

374




000

650



200


052

200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 developer
 producer
 and marketer of hand-crafted spirits in the following beverage&#13;alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
 and vodka. The Company currently distributes its products in fifteen states (Oregon
&#13;Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
&#13;Pennsylvania
 and Maryland). The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise&#13;sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and&#13;Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). The Company is headquartered in Portland

 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the&#13;LLC) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
&#13;Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger&#13;consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's&#13;stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
&#13;Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members&#13;of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as&#13;the acquirer of Eurocan. These consolidated financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC&#13;with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common stock of Eastside Distilling

 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. (Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Eurocan and constituted the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became&#13;a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eastside on October 31

 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially&#13;all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release&#13;of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary. As&#13;a result of the Share Transfer
 the Company recorded a gain of approximately $53
000
 which is included in other income (expense)&#13;in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31

 2015 referred to in these consolidated financial statements include both the results of&#13;Eastside and MWWD (through February 3


 which contemplates the realization&#13;of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred a loss of $3
601
066 and have an&#13;accumulated deficit of $7
561
751 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 and expect to incur further losses in the development&#13;of our business
 we have negative working capital of $1.2 million at December 31
 2015
 and have been dependent on funding operations&#13;through the issuance of debt

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000&#13;shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    
    
    
    
    

 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance&#13;of an event of default under the Note



    
    
    

 however that dividends may only be paid in&#13;cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in&#13;its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds&#13;legally available therefor. For &amp;#145;in-kind&amp;#148; dividends

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02&#13;&amp;#151;Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#145;s&#13;    obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease

 which is an asset that&#13;    represents the lessee&amp;#146;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor&#13;accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified&#13;the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.&#13;Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments&#13;in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
&#13;January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. Lessees (for capital&#13;and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective&#13;transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&amp;#147;ASU 2014-09&amp;#148;)&#13;amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand&#13;the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective&#13;for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted for annual and interim&#13;reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (ASU&#13;2014-15). The new guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and&#13;may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. Though permitted

 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (ASU 2015-11)
 which&#13;requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as&#13;the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and&#13;transportation. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Though permitted

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount&#13;of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application&#13;is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31

    
    
    






      

200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options




















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31




 $0.0001 par value; 900
000
000 shares authorized; 46
195
000 and 45
512
500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      



 general



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


















      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

















      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


 for example
 but not limited to


      

      

      

      




      

      

      




      

      

      


 but is not limited to



 but is not limited to


      


 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      




      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      





 Plant





      

      







      

      





 Plant and Equipment









 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      

      


 Other Adjustments


      




      








 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments









 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercises in Period



 Options
 Exercisable












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2015
Apr. 12
 2016
Jun. 30
 2015













 Inc.




































  2015



































































255
625



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



726
000



























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











317


082
290





206


041





824


020





506


147





130
853


771
498





005


206





000


750





291
858


046
454












300
532


630





814


610







275





098


560





500







958


000





337
629


075





842


271





355
471


346

















Preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014






Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 900
000
000 shares authorized; 46
195
000 and 45
512
500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

620


551





493
518


538
242





561
751)


960
685)





063
613)


582
108





291
858


046
454




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014









Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 issued






Preferred stock
 outstanding






Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

195
000


512
500



Common stock
 outstanding

195
000


512
500

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











326
664


435
416





046


972





702
618


055
444





390


889





228


555



Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses

373
746


366
341







246
149





541
518)


051
935)





548)


736)





601
066)


055
671)







500





601
066)


057
171)












750
363


374
007




































The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at beginning at Dec. 31
 2013

200


954


004


158



Balance at beginning (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2013

000
000
























634




634









518)


518)







853




853







199
200




200
000





000
000













167
601




168
152





512
500













000




000









057
171)


057
171)



Balance at end at Dec. 31
 2014

551


538
242


960
685)


582
108



Balance at end (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014

512
500






512
500














Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 net of issuance costs



920




975



Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 net of issuance costs (in shares)

833









Shares issued for payoff of trade debt
 net



987




000



Shares issued for payoff of trade debt
 net (in shares)

667













370




370









601
066)


601
066)



Balance at end at Dec. 31
 2015

620


493
518


561
751)


063
613)



Balance at end (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015

195
000






195
000

































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for payoff of trade debt. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for payoff of trade debt.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for payoff of trade debt. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 payoff of trade debt.

























































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.






















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30
























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











601
066)


057
171)












277


889





750







920







987









246
149





370


000





890)














265)


196





804)


969)





391


897)





133
166


713





074


222





688)


941)





187
778)


083
809)












076)


869)












076)


505)












273


000





500







892)


448)







634







518)



Issuance of common stock - net of issuance costs of $36
848



158
152





881


173
820





973)


052
506





082
290


784





317


082
290












593


974





















200
000







831







853





625


000





987


000







Cash inflow in reverse acquisition
 during the period.
















































































































































Cash inflow to owners or shareholders
 excluding ordinary dividends. Includes special dividends.












































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.






















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Cash outflow to owners or shareholders
 excluding ordinary dividends. Includes special dividends.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















848













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


The
Company was formed in 2008 and is a manufacturer
 developer
 producer
 and marketer of hand-crafted spirits in the following beverage
alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
 and vodka. The Company currently distributes its products in fifteen states (Oregon
Washington
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
Pennsylvania
 and Maryland). The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise
sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and
Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). The Company is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon.

On
October 31
 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the
LLC) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger
consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's
stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members
of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as
the acquirer of Eurocan. These consolidated financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC
with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common stock of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the legal capital of
Eurocan prior to the Acquisition.

Subsequent
to the Acquisition
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. (Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Eurocan and constituted the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant. Eastside and MWWD are collectively
referred to herein as the Company.

On
February 3
 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially
all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release
of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary. As
a result of the Share Transfer
 the Company recorded a gain of approximately $53
000
 which is included in other income (expense)
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2015. This gain is primarily the result
of the transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams.

The
results for the year ended December 31
 2015 referred to in these consolidated financial statements include both the results of
Eastside and MWWD (through February 3
 2015). The results for fiscal 2014 referred to in these consolidated financial statements
include the results of the LLC.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


Our
financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred a loss of $3
601
066 and have an
accumulated deficit of $7
561
751 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
 and expect to incur further losses in the development
of our business
 we have negative working capital of $1.2 million at December 31
 2015
 and have been dependent on funding operations
through the issuance of debt
 convertible debt and private sale of equity securities. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as the going concern. Management&#146;s plans include continuing to finance operations through the
private or public placement of debt and/or equity securities and the reduction of expenses. The financial statements do not include
any adjustment relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.

Management
believes that its successful ability to raise capital and increases in revenues will provide the opportunity for the Company to
continue as a going concern. The Company's ultimate success depends on its ability to achieve profitable operations and generate
positive cash flow from operations. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve profitable operations or raise additional
capital or financing at acceptable terms.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015










    
    
    


Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating
decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate
basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company records revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement
exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv)
collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment
to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise.
Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase
by customers at a retail location. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company's merchandise and tastings is deferred until
the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by contract
production fees and packaging.

Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&#146;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2015 and 2014.



Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67%
of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of consolidated
revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value
under the fair value option provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company's assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2015 and 2014. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure
of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time
to their maturities. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&#146;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed
rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand
and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#146;s estimated forecast of product
demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.

Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.



Goodwill
is initially recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identifiable
tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is analyzed annually for impairment.
An annual review is performed during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment
exist
 to determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014
 the Company determined that its goodwill recorded
as a result of the Acquisition was fully impaired.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the asset and liability
method for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in
which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company established valuation
allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax
benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were
no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued
or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to
examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.



Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $389
000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015
and 2014
 respectively
 and is included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.

Comprehensive
Income

Comprehensive
(loss) income consists of net (loss) income and other comprehensive income. The Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive
income items for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

We
use an accounts receivable factoring program with certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those
customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining
25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. This program has improved our liquidity
but there can be no assurance that these programs will continue in the future. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring
provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as
a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we
had factored invoices outstanding of $17
601. We incurred interest expense associated with the factoring program of $5
867 during
the year ended December 31
 2015. We did not factor any invoices during fiscal year 2014.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02
&#151;Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the
exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#145;s
    obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and




    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that
    represents the lessee&#146;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. Lessees (for capital
and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.

In
May 2014
 FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand
the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the
impact ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (ASU
2014-15). The new guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and
may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and
interim periods within those annual periods. Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. The Company does not
believe that this standard will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (ASU 2015-11)
 which
requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as
the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and
transportation. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Though permitted
the Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application
is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31
 2015.



Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2015 presentation with no changes to net loss or total
stockholders' equity previously reported.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
415
953
    
    
    
282
007
    

    
    
    
248
713
    
    
    
84
887
    

    
    
    
19
158
    
    
    
10
126
    

    
    
    
683
824
    
    
    
377
020
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







    
    


Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    
71
408
    
    
    
48
585
    

    
    
    
8
607
    
    
    
5
487
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
38
831
    

Construction
    In-Progress
    
    
31
253
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
759
    
    
    
92
903
    

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
    
    
(30
974
    
    
    
(11
697
    

Property
    and equipment - net
    
    
112
005
    
    
    
81
206
    


Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled $19
277 and $5
889 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


Note
payable consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
    
21
940
    
    
    
26
831
    

Total
    note payable
    
    
21
940
    
    
    
26
831
    

Less
    current portion
    
    
(4
098
    
    
    
(3
560
    

Long-term
    portion of note payable
    
    
17
842
    
    
    
23
271
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


At
December 31
 convertible notes payable consisted of:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 5% per annum.&#160;&#160;The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016
    during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to May 31
 2016 on April 1
 2016. The note may be converted
    into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.40 per share. The note may be prepaid upon payment
    of 150% of the outstanding principal balance to the holder.
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Secured Convertible
    promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &#147;Note&#148;)
 payable in
    six installments (&#147;Amortization Payments&#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30
    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00 (the
    &#147;Fixed Conversion Price&#148;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance
    of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price
    or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#146;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.&#160;&#160;The
    note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life of the loan.&#160;&#160;The Note is secured
    by our inventory pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Security Agreement.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
272
708
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 0% per annum.&#160;&#160;The note was converted into Company's preferred equity financing on April
    4
 2016.
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
472
708
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    discount on convertible debt
    
    
16
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    Notes Payable &#150; net of debt discount
    
    
455
958
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Amortization
of the debt discount was $16
750 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and was recorded as other expense in the consolidated statement
of operations.

Maturities
on notes payable as of December&#160;31
 2015
 are as follows:

Year
ending December 31:



    
    
    
474
684
    

    
    
    
4
271
    

    
    
    
4
625
    

    
    
    
5
008
    

    
    
    
5
423
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
494
521
    




































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
    
    
(1
200
378
    
    
    
(1
378
928
    

State
    income taxes after credits
    
    
(233
015
    
    
    
(266
684
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
1
442
900
    
    
    
138
579
    

Permanent
    tax differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
497
622
    

    
    
    
(9
507
    
    
    
10
911
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
    
500
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
    
    
1
582
317
    
    
    
148
927
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
61
050
    
    
    
4
060
    

Total
    deferred tax assets
    
    
1
643
367
    
    
    
152
987
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
(61
888
    
    
    
(14
408
    

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
    
    
(61
888
    
    
    
(14
408
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    
(1
581
479
    
    
    
(138
579
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2015
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $1.6 million
 to offset
against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029.

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of
the realizability of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


Operating
Leases

The
Company leases its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.
Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent
adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.

At
December 31
 2015
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
296
000
    

    
    
    
275
000
    

    
    
    
266
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
355
000
    


Total
rent expense was approximately $384
000 and $144
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

Legal
Matters

The
Company is involved in certain legal matters arising from the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that the
outcome of these matters will have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


Basic
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period
 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum
of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options
and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive.
There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2015 and 2014. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and
diluted net loss per common share in 2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss (numerator)
    
    
(3
601
066
    
    
    
(4
057
171
    

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
    
    
45
750
363
    
    
    
33
374
007
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


In
April 2015
 the Company issued 37
500 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered.

In
July 2015
 the Company issued 225
000 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.

In
August 2015
 the Company issued 135
000 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.

In
August 2015
 the Company issued 45
000 shares of common stock to employees.

In
October 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement under which it agreed to issue100
000 shares of common stock to
a consultant for services. These shares have not been issued.

In
November 2015
 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 90
000 shares of common
stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. These shares were issued in February 2016.

In
December 2015
 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 50
000 shares of common
stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. These shares were issued effective February 18
 2016.

All
shares were fully vested upon issuance



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


On
January 29
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant
of either stock options or compensation stock under the Plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per
share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date
of grant. Stock options shall vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
and 75% in year two. At December 31
 2015
 there were 1
200
000 options issued under the Plan outstanding.

The
Company also issues
 from time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2015
 there
were 1
000
000 options outstanding that were not issued under the Plan.

A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 is presented below:



    
    
#
    of Options
    
    
Weighted-
    
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2014
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
1
650
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(450
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
2
200
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
1
052
083
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Non-Plan options
(2)
1
200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an
agreement with the holder.

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31
 2015 was $0.

At
December 31
 2015
 there were 1
147
917 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $476
175. The unvested options
will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to
24 months. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2015 was $0. During the twelve months ended December
31
 2015
 52
083 options became vested.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value
of stock options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards
issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the
underlying stock-based awards vest. To determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the
calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:



    
    
    



    
    
Fair value of the Company's common stock on
    the date of grant



    
    
    



    
    
Expected volatility over the expected term of
    the option



    
    
Risk-free interest rate for the expected term
    of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management's judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using
the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term
and the vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares
of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.

The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2015:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
    
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 was
$0.46. The aggregate grant date fair value of the 1
650
000 options granted during the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 was
$763
550.

For
the twelve months ended December 31
 2015
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $140
370. At December 31
 2015
the total compensation cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $395
169
 which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.60 years.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


During
the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his
personal credit card. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
the balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $27
075 and $3
000
 respectively
 and is included in accounts
payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015









    
    


On
February 18
 2016
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock under consulting agreements entered into by the Company in
November 2015.

Effective
February 18
 2016
 the Company issued 50
000 shares of common stock under consulting agreements entered into by the Company in
December 2015.

On
March 9
 2016
 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the &#147;Series A Certificate of Designation&#148;) which sets forth the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock (the &#147;Series A Preferred&#148;). &#160;Three thousand (3
000) shares of Series A Preferred
with a stated value of $1
000 per share were authorized under the Series A Certificate of Designation. Each share of Series A
Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&#146;s common stock (the &#147;Common
Stock&#148;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $0.15 per share. The Series A Preferred accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per
annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&#146;s option either in cash or &#147;in kind&#148;
in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company
has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at
least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefor. For &#145;in-kind&#148;
dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such
stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately
preceding a dividend date. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the
Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to:
(i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of
Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5. For all matters submitted to a vote of the Company&#146;s stockholders
 the holders of the
Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common
Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A
Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &#147;Total Series A Votes&#148;)
with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock
do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any
of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred.

On
April 1
 2016
 the Company&#146;s 5% convertible note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC was further amended to extend the maturity
date thereunder to May 31
 2016 and to provide for installment payments on the principal amount on such note as follows: $25
000
on April 5
 2016; $35
000 on April 29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31
 2016. Failure to make the installment
payments on the prescribed due dates will constitute an event of default under such note.

On
April 4
 2016
 the Company conducted an initial closing for 880 units (&#147;Units&#148;) to 12 accredited investors at a price
of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $880
000
 of which (i) 407 Units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 Units
were purchased by certain of its officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased
in consideration of cancellation of outstanding indebtedness.. Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock convertible into shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share at a rate of $0.15 per share
 and (ii) one Warrant
exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six thousand six hundred sixty six (6
666) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
$0.18 per whole share. &#160;The Company received gross proceeds of $407
000 from the sale of the 407 Units for cash. We used
$28
560 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA registered broker-dealers. &#160;&#160;In
addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5% promissory notes. &#160;The remaining proceeds
will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth opportunities. In addition
 we issued 5-year
warrants to purchase 71
400 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $0.15 to broker-dealers in connection with the initial
closing of this private placement. Steven Earles
 the Company&#146;s president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units
in the Offering in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Steven Shum the Company&#146;s chief financial officer
purchased 97 Units in the Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel the Company&#146;s
chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in the Offering in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary.
Carrie Earles the Company&#146;s chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles purchased 83 Units in the Offering in consideration
of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.




Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating
decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate
basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.




Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.




Revenue
Recognition

The
Company records revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement
exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv)
collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment
to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise.
Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase
by customers at a retail location. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company's merchandise and tastings is deferred until
the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by contract
production fees and packaging.




Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&#146;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.




Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2015 and 2014.






Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 50% and 67%
of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% and 40% of consolidated
revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2015 and December 31
 2014
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value
under the fair value option provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company's assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2015 and 2014. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure
of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time
to their maturities. At December 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company&#146;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed
rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.






Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand
and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#146;s estimated forecast of product
demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.




Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.




Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.






Goodwill
is initially recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identifiable
tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is analyzed annually for impairment.
An annual review is performed during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment
exist
 to determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014
 the Company determined that its goodwill recorded
as a result of the Acquisition was fully impaired.




Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the asset and liability
method for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in
which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&#160;31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company established valuation
allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax
benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were
no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued
or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to
examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.






Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $389
000 and $303
000 for the years ended December 31
 2015
and 2014
 respectively
 and is included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.




Comprehensive
Income

Comprehensive
(loss) income consists of net (loss) income and other comprehensive income. The Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive
income items for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014.




Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws.




Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest.




Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

We
use an accounts receivable factoring program with certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those
customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining
25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. This program has improved our liquidity
but there can be no assurance that these programs will continue in the future. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring
provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as
a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we
had factored invoices outstanding of $17
601. We incurred interest expense associated with the factoring program of $5
867 during
the year ended December 31
 2015. We did not factor any invoices during fiscal year 2014.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &#147;FASB&#148;) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02
&#151;Leases (Topic 842). Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the
exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#145;s
    obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and




    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that
    represents the lessee&#146;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. Lessees (for capital
and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.

In
May 2014
 FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (&#147;ASU 2014-09&#148;)
amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand
the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance is effective
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the
impact ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (ASU
2014-15). The new guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and
may require additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and
interim periods within those annual periods. Though permitted
 the Company does not plan to early adopt. The Company does not
believe that this standard will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (ASU 2015-11)
 which
requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as
the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and
transportation. The guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Though permitted
the Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application
is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31
 2015.






Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2015 presentation with no changes to net loss or total
stockholders' equity previously reported.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
415
953
    
    
    
282
007
    

    
    
    
248
713
    
    
    
84
887
    

    
    
    
19
158
    
    
    
10
126
    

    
    
    
683
824
    
    
    
377
020
    




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    
71
408
    
    
    
48
585
    

    
    
    
8
607
    
    
    
5
487
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
38
831
    

Construction
    In-Progress
    
    
31
253
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
135
759
    
    
    
92
903
    

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
    
    
(30
974
    
    
    
(11
697
    

Property
    and equipment - net
    
    
112
005
    
    
    
81
206
    


Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled $19
277 and $5
889 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







Note
payable consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
    
21
940
    
    
    
26
831
    

Total
    note payable
    
    
21
940
    
    
    
26
831
    

Less
    current portion
    
    
(4
098
    
    
    
(3
560
    

Long-term
    portion of note payable
    
    
17
842
    
    
    
23
271
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







At
December 31
 convertible notes payable consisted of:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 5% per annum.&#160;&#160;The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016
    during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to May 31
 2016 on April 1
 2016. The note may be converted
    into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.40 per share. The note may be prepaid upon payment
    of 150% of the outstanding principal balance to the holder.
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Secured Convertible
    promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &#147;Note&#148;)
 payable in
    six installments (&#147;Amortization Payments&#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30
    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00 (the
    &#147;Fixed Conversion Price&#148;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance
    of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price
    or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#146;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.&#160;&#160;The
    note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life of the loan.&#160;&#160;The Note is secured
    by our inventory pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Security Agreement.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
    
    
272
708
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 0% per annum.&#160;&#160;The note was converted into Company's preferred equity financing on April
    4
 2016.
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
472
708
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    discount on convertible debt
    
    
16
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    Notes Payable &#150; net of debt discount
    
    
455
958
    
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





Maturities
on notes payable as of December&#160;31
 2015
 are as follows:

Year
ending December 31:



    
    
    
474
684
    

    
    
    
4
271
    

    
    
    
4
625
    

    
    
    
5
008
    

    
    
    
5
423
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
494
521
    








Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
    
    
(1
200
378
    
    
    
(1
378
928
    

State
    income taxes after credits
    
    
(233
015
    
    
    
(266
684
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
1
442
900
    
    
    
138
579
    

Permanent
    tax differences
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
497
622
    

    
    
    
(9
507
    
    
    
10
911
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
    
500
    





The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
    
    
1
582
317
    
    
    
148
927
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
61
050
    
    
    
4
060
    

Total
    deferred tax assets
    
    
1
643
367
    
    
    
152
987
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
(61
888
    
    
    
(14
408
    

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
    
    
(61
888
    
    
    
(14
408
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    
(1
581
479
    
    
    
(138
579
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







At
December 31
 2015
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
296
000
    

    
    
    
275
000
    

    
    
    
266
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
355
000
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







The
numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in 2015 and 2014 are as follows:



    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss (numerator)
    
    
(3
601
066
    
    
    
(4
057
171
    

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
    
    
45
750
363
    
    
    
33
374
007
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015







A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the twelve months ended December 31
 2015 is presented below:



    
    
#
    of Options
    
    
Weighted-
    
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2014
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
1
650
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(450
000
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
2
200
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
1
052
083
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Non-Plan options
(2)
1
200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an
agreement with the holder.




The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2015:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
    
    








Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of employee stock purchase plans
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















The merger consideration for the Acquisition consisted
of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC.





000



































With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











601
066)


057
171)





561
751)


960
685)





200
000)


































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































000


000





867







601







258







444

















































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

























































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











953


007





713


887





158


126





824


020



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




759


903





974)


697)





005


206












408


585












607


487












831


831












253









Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








277


889







The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




940


831





098)


560)





842


271



7.99% Notes Payable
 Other Payables [Member]































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM format.




























Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











708


000





750







958


000


























000


000



















708





















000









Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Long-term Debt
 Rolling Maturity [Abstract]






684





271





625





008





423










521







Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















750








































000




Payable in six installments (&#147;Amortization Payments&#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30th
day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter.




The Note is initially convertible at a price per share equal to $1.00
(the &#147;Fixed Conversion Price&#148;); provided
 however
 that from and after March 10
 2016 and/or during the continuance
of an event of default under the Note
 the conversion price shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price or
(ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#146;s common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.




Secured by our inventory pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Security
Agreement.














The note was converted into Company's preferred equity
financing on April 4
 2016.

































































Discussion of whether the debt instrument is secured or unsecured
 and
 if secured
 a description of the collateral and guarantees required or provided.

























































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.

























































Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











200
378)


378
928)





015)


684)





442
900


579







497
622





507)


911







500

































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











582
317


927





050


060





643
367


987












888)


408)





888)


408)





581
479)


579)














Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as stock based compensation.















































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 before jurisdictional netting.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















600
000









































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000





000





000





355
000
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the remainder of the fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014




000


000



















000














300









Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























This element represents the description of a lease related indemnification agreement including the nature of the indemnification
 the maximum potential amount of future payments the indemnification agreement could be required to make under the agreement
 the current carrying amount of the liability and the nature of any recourse provision that would enable the lessee guarantor) to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the agreement and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that upon occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the indemnification agreement the guarantor can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the indemnification agreement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











601
066)


057
171)





750
363


374
007







































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Nov. 30
 2015
Oct. 31
 2015
Aug. 31
 2015
Jul. 31
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015






































000















































000







































000


000








500









































000


000









Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]







000
000






650
000












000)






200
000






052
083




Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]

















































200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2015



























































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014













370


000






169
















000
000







The exercise price per share
of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.
















147
917








083








175
















550
















650
000








200
000
















000
000








200
000
















000








































200
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 450
000 non-plan options
























































































































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.











































































































































































































 -Paragraph 29
 30




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014











075


000








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































Preferred stock
 authorized









000
000






000
000



Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share) | $ / shares


































168
152



















































000


000


500













































400





































































































































666































































































000



















000






































000






































560












































































000












































































000












































































000












































































000












































































000























































Principle amount payment
first installment | $

000























































Preferred stock
 authorized





000













Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share) | $ / shares





000





































Payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&#146;s
option either in cash or &#147;in kind&#148; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in
cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds
legally available therefor. For &#145;in-kind&#148; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal
to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values
during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.







































































































































000

























































000











Subsequent Event [Member] | Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC [Member] | 5% Convertible Note Due 2016-05-31 [Member]





































Principle amount payment
first installment | $



000















Principle amount payment
second installment | $



000















Principle amount payment
third installment | $



000















Principle amount payment
fourth installment | $



000



























































































































































































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.

























































Revenues from providing transfer agent services to corporations. Such services include maintaining records of investors and account balances and transactions
 canceling and issuing certificates
 processing investor mailings and dealing with any associated problems (i.e. lost or stolen certificates).
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( %2'C4B\#5@[P$  T@   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W:S4[C





1D7A7'P*D#PG2AP+I8P[2QPE(']]!

I16.4HKG(46#F*K )%5H$BJT1
M5:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56@2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$
MD56BR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BRSE%DG:/(.G^5E8W_
M$KCX#5!+ P04     !4AXU(2'4%[L4    K @  P   %]R96QS+RYR96QS

\E


(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2
MENW)4] '_K


W\\X



B)6@Y

M

CM'+T=Z.T<O2/0
M.W+TCD#OR-$[ KTC1^]XH7=NFS%M7\IXZ/;YVC7_#8=%%WCG\G9
UT\Y3X4-


P5@*R


M)\
432EF)G@(8_+E+WB(D*'^&5/

]X1:*K
.-[/05
\J/<V:6_ER4R/2/9$0FW)F5HNFG#''U1F<+Z6<

M(71O2SEW*LU1:L-S;/2_7R&;C-%O4R=MF50A^U!3;E6_X20E6EUFYTTCYS






O8V]R92YX;6S-
MDTU/PS 
AO\*ZKU+N\*$JJX'0)R8A
%82+O6Y
*(6;)QM$5S(6Q 8T#Y-886)R9;WF&$._

:# :6
M3W*6U


.2
MOG(?U%#5MNVD+:@N#IRSU\7#$YU-JDQ ;@1$55 E=@[FR5?GE^+V;GF?U-
L



MM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y
M;

+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4
M!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C

M*?IUE!K9';O=05SP6.XYB1'^QL4$UFG2&98T1G*=D 4. #?$T4Q0?*]!MHK@

*$IY&V[I4_5*
ME=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

G%

5O& RN0HGQ



M#P(RN;LYJ7IE
W5YYN<KGHB=OJ7=\%@\OUPR4</
MY3OG7_1=0ZY^]MWC^FZ3.TA

E$
M\ *9*8
MU_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5


)%K/]8UA[Y

L0Z1^P7V*

?-2K6J5D*Q$_2P=\'Y(&8XQ;

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
6QE<RYX;6S-5EMKVS 4_BM&:.%$=OIFK:K
M;1B%P&#K!LW#WHILRXY %T^6




M=9Q#X#@^9!$
YI?0.YYTZNMG+[/U[M#/GTG_*_(=ZJL#U)]3)1(L]QS*V/O3
MH[DV;RV!G&8]Z78@8=$(?5$U@CJN
#$YX**B10NM9:B44X8MA%W%*$DD,
MF-&Z
;!
P/8Z]'&



M*K:F/HC6[*^!/51OR.:XA[2S%_&)N\2Z-6H+.GF/24%9]B)==!M+-#]


C\R]T8V'76LOB5JSJSINZ'U
M*I3HW^!1%DV6X1S55'TA:Z&L


4G0 .A+?GT7
ME-Q\M%9J]222(@ZQX-GEXI



M/;C@NO:\

M
;@QJ+MO\4W


-TN%H L2PU:FI+4HQ;FJ5%-HT8?C


MOJ!Y%=JA


H\)9!F?6 #!0P90SL!_QZ
MKKR.T=3T!?([Y0MM3!D=O\7/&XV_5=&(I5/$*/KO'=8O-#%C3%QT=UX_=K&B
M7D4G!X/1QXSQ\6!&9!FB!H64$1
R0IPLHUG^%QR/@F:

M\AQ1@\Z 

MG;-J[TVSB$

G/+)%$HR5C-$L0








MK(TI[-26Q7N)BNC=A+E3$*M8@P(/BDC']@)(Z+

+

))9GPN2R]BZ29[

MU6

MJ4?.%=,)H(<T#I]Z1H:#3LJ\YKK=P'7$&@H?NYO5</5KOP/4$L#!!0    (
M %2'C4A



MUC;=^7X%J^7&]_KI




P&5]7353!

J%N@ 7=S+==

T'.42<L#C
5?0DE
&&:.U$&N12ATT3D^-A ZJ72\

MIB@*0G;L01-I%09GS/*4%Q[+E+(+8Q0]_&0

M3-$3
+9PV)+FDY8*=&P2EXN2%XHIDP 
#%
5/0EEC*JD^01




C'G9XV[Y4_VJ7J_6W5+**M[^:O:JU+0Z#/3O0
-GG2N#!%=.5 +T;JYV1KONDRN)<9J1
M9U/G#HDLL@$D\A

*Z4IXD89!K<_*:Z=E!V6:N6X+.#V@





SC@T3/RJ


M+W-H965T-2YX;6R-6

ML)7\?0:F1Q+.3(
7YJ'3C]-#]QE87YKV1W=2J@]^567=/:U.?7]^#
/NY:2J



G'?DG.+W%


*!7 TI1 P8&[&8@4 
.!OQFD*(&

MJ$=(;+@8-,]XP=M#8BD@OM!.PB61!&VH.KB!&1S--B3EK
1&*N
-+08E=:
^%:8@/)#(0G?BY; Z&2<;^?W;R?O<./EX]T

MBT



M0HB$+5!1XM8;DD*H&*LB@)!MYM9B.$W=;PRVBNFX65]L47#B[H5CEJ%0T)E
M%D2EE/&4&ZYH59N
%Z4:IC/YS& Q_S!<=<],W9
M?IZ?A7;_ %02P

M[)Z=X 1J

M



M ^3LD'(*P(XI]V
BC0-C(@/R*FVMN^W%L%X
]N)

M)RO2?.KE

^A71Y@A_-^_'$


M'@+5D1A9QPH208X)^8X\Z)! A^QVDIX]C!629 8#XK1
&#;R9202WY=X-3

*CH+H\O#G/($*R\=S3^=-=5^SJ=E'?9



MLX

M8%7)%EXC%&@K4!


M$39!L$9IXY?4HW6H+A1*%/]





0K[QWUGSHV4@


M='

ZPD3B





M 0  L0


)MX2*BL5^!N.<$]2.F%7../6?.K



MRL1Y

MZRLM_P)02P






_J7^.TWOV16WA&^4NT;O!F
M

MXS\]V



BYX;6R%4]MN


M%1.+P^F!+*^T_ ]02P







MY#

M)3L%H0M

MYK!@BG^:L+



^TM)*(D%R5I*ST[\N'I-B!@5S$
MW=7


[?PC/*/J%WGS6:4U-#P0;I7''_ -

CL3T/

M_&OZ^I:^3@[7D\/=UP*;6X%-$MA
 OM[(R;
&+!.
AP*J2+;Q&*-!6H8&VAU]6&WWZX(@#\


MX'XYPR-(&81\X[=9\Z-E(%[&B_JW.*UW?^(6'E'^%HWKO=F
D@9:/DKW@M-W

MJ7'4+FWI6EUOYT
\1/8!K\J!=_3FTYH2T[H_,G& V@1'?CVV=V.DMZ_GS61
MT+H0WOO8IN5$H?#\D#65UK]!5!+ P04     !5AXU(C3XBWJ,!  Q P


I

MB(#? D9[$9/@_83X&I*?]8%FP0)(J%Q0X'XYPR-(&81\X[=)\Z-E(%[&L_I3
MG-:[/W$+CRC_B-IUWFQ&20T-'Z1[P?$'3-L@V%TL8OJ0;K4
T42A1_3ZO0



M7 MLDL#F?R


D^S8 $D
M5XH<+^<X &D#$*^\9])\[-E()['L_K/.*UW?^06'E#^%K7KO-F
DAH:/DCW
M@N

NT[()T*^$+99-)X:19L_

M^M46.;U&SR
]_YJ^OJ2OD\/UY/#[UP*;2X%-$MC\;\2$.4R8;?9/$W:VIPI


ML0

#!IX'4A*LBQ);ICBHJ=E

M_XRKZ

ZQ3_YS4R[3


M_P!02P

M+W-H965T


8-5F

















5-*[0E1W3^9.






M



M6P#]W]Z*#S/6R.71C9(JVXG+I/V(%4[#N/I W8SV#]ZU9W;D/Y@\]I/*7H0V

C
N




UCTH;F]P .W_M&@4=SXU';.#
M =Y$DI(LS[);IKC0MIC[=E4)8Y.@W/AMA1*6X^]B!QVM$5G0LOHNM=*+J
M9 NO$0JT%:B)@79'[U?;_3H@(NO@

MP@-(&82\\=M)\\LR$

D@9:/DKW@M
3G$;8
M!

:75)U!+ P04     !5AXU(0<_PHZ0!  Q P


M:*1T1E'F
%*4P\S9#058L2G&-DWF[^



1.! -[9X^I+M#X1$!
M\$? ;

M==T?N8%'E']%8WO7;$)) RV?I'W%^1F6$6Z]8(W2A^I)V-1K11*%'^/JQC



M2P



G& V@1'7C[[&Y#


M(=T?MQX1 *\
1G



P%/T5RQ]0$P)M
M%!&DIJ.J\S!2U8?VV8$+6/7V9T_GZ\ $U&:/*M[-=79MB5/K3=  6?0DN
MS0%WUO9[0DS5@:#F3O4@W4FCM*#6+75+3*^!UH$D.$F3Y)X(RB0NB[#WJLM

M.

M4'A9G
LTVQ;D[(6N


ME:H^[#X[

^%).:%YM#^#(NY+:[FCOW+!E


M)^0G0KX0?F2Q\604V_S%':]*@Q.Q P]GM]IZN DB7IGXWJP?.VJ:.'A5'JN\
M^%FR8QZP3B/F%6X)Y]:L6.;U&SY/%]_3U)7V=.EPG][OU]P+%I41!(KD
F 0  L0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
CDN



MP#-(&82\\9]9\\
R$*_C1?U;G-9W?^86GE'^%HWK?;
9)0VT?)3N%:?O
(^P
MX(U2AN_I!ZM0[50*%'\/:UQW5*?W;[F7:?D




5_)NQJ3Q68+EX=


P%/T5RQ]0$Q+2





Z;S@4%L_O75S

EALE=S
M%+*?M7X+B^_-$=

PO/


AO!?*4

8GK[Z#ZU!+ P04     !5AXU(Z7:KN@4  !&!0  &0   'AL


BYX;6R-5$V/VC 0_2M6[KO.EQV*0B2@JMI#





M?NS#ESP?:-.$=D(R&A=PG90


+5T[$
M*B-;C+;[Y#65WZFJ/%4I)24^.:$;3.HQJX!)1@2VZI
ITFB*GH84GR=8!T26




M:&5E=#
S+GAM;(U6VX[:
!3\E2@?L+&=.PJ1%JJJ?:BTVH?VV8 AT28QM0UL




@0J!]*1K5 46#[.9$VZ3C%)Y;^6]*JI F_'(_MW7:Y
?X
Y6=/N





MJR
^D%^8'=J!!QLJ9!.A[_H]I8+(O
!+&@:-;.ZF24?V0@US.6:FW3$308]C



JGJQ79
8

'?]_'[&T









)2)(

_XF6DIE\#[T

4%#'\4 I-% NC&L2K/W





M.

\1O/


&C5


V+GAM;(54R6[;
!#]%4(?
M$$J4E\20!=@J@O10(




GO6T@5]4


M2P
&ULC57)CILP&'X5BWL',%N(-*$JFH/E49S:
].X@0T-J:V$Z9O

M:LD/H1@X1CM#HB2$492'%'5]4%=F[XW7%3M*TO7XC0-QI!3QOVM
V+@*XF#:


M2$? !&^E5D!J..$&$Z*%E/$?IWFVU
3+^:3^S52KTF^0P TCO[N=;%78*  [

M4U@
C
LTNHUJ'I?)$^4FWK#IY

NCQV$R;YC

[)6!1



M3*IZL5T[P0FH@)GMA.[MYW])0^
D-!?!F/
=?C[8F'RD[(W7A COO6M[OO)K
M(89E$/!M33K




MXGL=?C?'IM?'T5R)
UOF+HV )X+0'RW(+(%T:>P)#I
M-EA*.5


3A& Y(4A:YDC5-I5/'B

MA[Q./@_Y.I4KR4V





MCX

!R_TIHW7YE)KN^$7N3_'

MV#/CW!H9\)_1\S_2!M[/)_=OKEJ3_8DJ]BSX[Z;4M4DV\%#)*GKE^E4
W]E8
M0F0-SX(K]T3GJ]*BG4(\U-)W&)O.C0.\(60

M

M\-D!Q \0G;;!KO)H',&,1CL((,@C!_3!%$:8*()1.R3:(+(+(!$J60 Z
M@HC@Y!
?)%K$1!


M/M
$Z6

9FPG3/^^


XFH.M/D=8^]Z

M M(YH$R
N/!]<*SC6)8@;*FU!I&TYN$J^K2XW2K(HO

HF:C')(DD](J4
M3F3ENS(6LW48%'6*Z_(RHD$$


MG0E4!.CD?AU7F6G(5R[\U['XC^OH+SQ8AISJ!K_T8FOVD-'^,ET00'V[-Q+
MVQWFW;G3/J6FO7S!ZVK )_(3\U/;[!C4C4ITTN.C$FB])-%%H%&_0O
R5
M%SD[R:;NZL'XM2VA/_;T(8-*R_P+H&W^EA)'?+W!]Y^[JEG:A9!S@]K+QU
MLPSC3 WS4=Q,T8:.];QM[UY.=^Y4%M@39T)[44:\S+6G3:&5^*_3O*;4
MQ-OQ1?V[6:UROR6EJSY4^]EI<Q#^SI@9P:^<:&']0M(=*.]8(\P2[DYL
MO5 \T)(/^ZX[\Q[L%QP[VC0!.0(:<$\ 3LOA)LU+KS*SK&Y&DR#D;@.B)





M39]I*3^:_BO CITZ:7O &!U;_!KI/O4IOE&MWW;JJTR1]^1(?Q%^K#L!MDRJ
M+FB:U8$Q294O^!)YH%*7TSAIZ$'J8:+&W/9K.Y&LO]P^XQ58_ =02P
$%

M2[(;_
%[7C_'AN-R8OQ%-)3*X+7O!K$
&RG'112)34-[(A[82 ?U9L=X3Z0:



MH+2
CMKH2A

.
M1I/;-*P&ICA.X(RN=CJ$BSB_S8.\/



_J3\'T[B&#-I*JB
0@@M1TFK:+254OMFLG^1-0;<QL)W1O/Q^ )I6E
MD(OXP'?Z[?G[*5ZUS6 01^MWJ;U
9T&XSUH0;!])/LH+5/3E()9NQ2G;'N


MU((F
3KU=%K
$
CN!;*0
1LR+AX++.X%%D%@
0CD]T6V'K

*0.&%*G[/#;*





M



MD3T$RA9!V0PJ[X*'^LHWP1E
^@]1U0$!7E0Z!B$50$$
%W0$&TP@^!RMN_

#W[*(M29

7/JC[A=:C//%=;D]ZW]02P

&F4VPJH
)]ZN9=#)EG=(P'X5
M/






?.XYBUJ;P-HO[ HM9
4L4Y4]
&
M7?T%4$L#!!0    ( %6'C4@CP!
<@-;&
MU#9A^^_K#T*2%6EZP?;SS+QY-G[Y*.2[:BC5X(.S3FV1NM^'8:J:B@G:B5Z

MC3$+ U#3 QF8?A/C-SJ5D%K!2C#EOJ :E!;\3 D )Q]^;#LWCGX'9Q-MF1!/
MA'@F1/B?!#01T(60N$J]


82R!


M GNAS0MS#^$@A*;&&%RE 6A
XYL7C!ZTG69F+GTO\ LM^G-GF]MK\1=02P
$



)V!+P6$)L?%80F()R1=T%;7K
TKD21+.3M[

OH]9=ICX/F;589+[F'6'F0RG'-VFC-JZ1E9@.BR

UVV&(1')3IUVDRM#1H6 *$S4S
]
E4 G$$ 

M=#0X+GAM;(U638^;



M@SRK:$/?.] CN3;RF=U^4L@AT81[U@CS[^VO0K*V=_&]EKS;:]V9Z\V^R4-P




MW@JX6Q^PKDSF!P(DI%@+ ;CQZ/P
MI5#A%I *!T1*N#,)3C,HVDA%#K+PYBUU(P0\@9+((V4.2N: MH Q84+N(9


:1
U)Y^R/NQT@J/4P&MN?M#\'<P[<T!



MB!HDT

MID4NQ8340.U_%^^-7-H0DXQ

6K-:[
L&-3:
M3C



)@_M
[%EFPD@%^0X_?L*:2%VNL'*0P!Q=L^NT#F6\K/L7ON#$
I[


$4MZT:T?:5

.A!E&+C1I2E/KR)E:B
MKH=



&L+(9-B$!G)RG I\+!A

E&(L2A=7R4K[D8S84F :2^1BX+BB'
MN 
3T$R 3'




$%


/JX




MJ9QXG




]R @P&_&D@=

#O3_BG\:(=H7Q$-8!I]IY'8*.1F3

QG&G+WH4]2:11(@V=
M)S]W8-!N
/1NL&@$%B) 2PKMX#$JW@K?/2J/HQZ SRA*L^1HR#GD3@:R]J
MC3\3R\88&@0+0E;3R:X!9)BD9
LXSA04CVYS$I@R!!X\'V!7!AL8QRX!$@
+C07R1V;8&4)\0C0J?HAQ$&KO46 =01NA]CBN9


-4



II!QQ;DR!.V_04/K@42
L0MF@E\'S%C'QQV2BOB-B4

;775Q..7
+70QT$&B-2
BV&%CRT%TC+HY5P.1'K&+:_!:CT$(?
4H@


D:@2A.



MG=GL.9C_\3]Z3X+&6/$X+]?95?OI9;:N.R





M=XR).UPT0(V:
65)7).N;KY9TLO) 4]YUKDL?.6OR_4JK^IODX-5?EDLB^:0




M9;FZ(S$_*4@Z*ZJ;'A'P-::^K



MPD]HI7P4M-1E0)CW?6_7V'P:HPLZ'$B'-R DO=:
 !MRD+OX[#LB6.OU'6C3


MS#EDY%YUYGSUK]M:U1FZ2*1^ER0:0C&SG(5^Q=]+#+X%3M.&2C=R-CCRBYQ4






H2##VL@;\*;]M#PNB+O%Y6

M['(U6E;9)4Z-6&Q5-

MBW*3)G?71?TIOT^3:GLC
WTN5Y^R
=9OW3K6

\T857Y[#

I<G
MYXG%;;=UB?F\

_XFS7AQ#H^DJ$;SIC.
/Q:@=I
MJ]^ 5].Z2 Y9$H#
X
HB'.BYY6







]LG$13).^V








T;7U3-!LM1 @

MXAE:Y[71FHG Q#^19']3/AHK5O
R





O;4\

MNQ<NG*_&'3 1^/Y&JQ W\
I\+ZP





M%!+Y=4/GGML3$JF#+Z#+%J(WKXK+AKTYHG;D=5M$)U85WAT^
75^XB*MK D&
M\M?:-&WPTB







=!6?&
MA63)LD*EF,3R[(KH3TT&A=NY*UQF()W#167W192*;8$/BV&H
*;GU;-KEZ




B N%1(



Y\8XU)3W.T)\;


M




(@+4





6$U4^27=
9PK/*LH?N=AY0
1A9*ZPB#^T:6N1#_[

@N3)2*BHR][NU7I::
M'

M44P6A85'22:T2Z7XEMT\4..+XE/B?)CF5YF/=[DW%J)&Q7+N*$A +SZM+[

C 4F[YG

2'YVBXC[%!7FDC5PTX @6D&*3LG]4_5@
M354
E+#FAB,QE95,J8$)0E(=4 0IH
MC:'!,L2!F6)?3M+ES9\B\_F*H$?-HR_P2&GMZ&JAO+GK*C65'-YE/6[&'

&:1? !FY4'D9LZ^CUI0\OEW\/L+

LLE.W!M
Y6!?;O_SWHFZ^B^^?.H4
B2-



M-Z6NH89EL(00:W.I@G4&T






^V4HB%JN9?A/V

I*:T

Z9GMLO'ID@SPMB

+:I



M\0UGA7)L'ML. S%9ST]7M.(UV#5)1*^B]G2
)ZB\@= \S9FVT(
/18W[*TY?
M7-LR3*FYV#9J-=V5SL7F.1ZL;J74VKI*;*/P!Y&W+H1+\G=\S1VRT? 9KN1T





M^Z]#2YY[/B %XY;I[MMRS).

B)&L#1O

&ZC6
M(#=:(<4(F5N#1ZQJ23PQFKX$.):$%ZPYMHV'$/H$Y_M5:8REU!V7*XA:G

M811?790%R=H^C@%5,0!\W*WVPYHM+BN


+T7Y=.NE&/]O&

MC\X^9_5^



KP



MK3 9R?:P:PI208*=_T

\+[!
M]
Q/V1UR0%!T9%TG3Y




_C(T*^AI
B@:X

7




-&\&PIVDI_

NED5M(W%!$*[F$QZ;;)6C7=96H::GB&HX)
=-7Y2_A5:44_E#Q ;<(?J4XZ/<7^:#WK;P


'AD)CC][]L318;L.;928^6A_TMF)[/T
MA'CD:#\DGG20F%^]XQ@710FQC7HDN'7UIE5
\X4Z+:*9N44T/1#EIW4RU_79

%Q*Y@I@X=?

4F'6MG):;]A<.VKNC4LI-NU.;T/B?MHN
MU)#\15W..*@VOSR&4'4R3X]/Y_CG23(''\?I_3G\6R!/\\2(/HI\S2(5[,C
MP\&LHL(L


A\#C%X0NR

X
6%4
M5Q3X=SQ-)T152&P[GB@\^G9#FL/\*#TZIA$7!'_2;**EA04_=BL+!S3AZ2E+



:C4MQ/+:+$^JX;^)L)0#$53T/.C0
+%G
RK:E
M 



M.*\ZJ@CTD/7T'V?TY%3_04QI)LTG;F9,'PARJV(!%N]28KS7VRTG0^WS]9

MU^B.Z^RPVGUI\V6,:6\C,:+XY0]ZS;NE-7H






M 0]JD*9L;)JR'I3;OTS^6?UU;#U2IW+6L#Y(5';A%N+R#RKZ72J&D6PHD=C'

I0XV7L@2_P


X1E)$





M31ZL99)H+1/






MZ

V)H

M/W'+.#D^A=+;LUS5[?YNJ7API=:C%C83C$ E\8=S!'I-!K0:


X'LIZN646,[BI']%[CDM %<?0A!<VS7F.. +




\




M&A6 1_.)?815 F1NE4\7T;




#
;)K6.<V?P/AI)TA??:XLR!!W2AW^<4W8S%2Q^$)B&'XY.$Z/



,&X%Z+HH#AE\4VEPE8Z[@J
W-#'@G&T0ZL&EA4




AUA))+8G763)MBD#7[I6XZ6U=9SL:[6P+C9



J1P*U$

;AZ0B(&29^S



M*$1*9WP*]$HO?6(KV=(*$!VZYX+)BXV)(-1%*IA260'#'\A$_HRF.=V-XKGI


M(NM= DV0VMNO9L78M'DTD_GFXNN/:OD[
1B?L;]0

M@QMXS71?8XW$V!!X'ZV;0A











M;GS_U: 2V
5V_8FGO@;CB%;BQ2,G]K6 KZT$M/=VQ*LM#4QQJP'QA3!$6



)(%I%%SSC00R@1(=4'5@V!A3D8G** 1(9_%A76#
MMEJ4AM9$!X8(8.8Z+)5/VFHX5WA6CZPEV;D#4=^=!WL7%76 U[Q%4;WW;?TS

[6AEG:'*\12['?7+%:ETE

O0-J\HVTIJW0H9V_X&&M



MNT

\IC-N19&J*\J:!DRP@4!O
MI62

$ESD5*D=IL3*-&WL
HD59\C][6*7WH [G:1CLPD.M
M%PNA-:\LG%VGF8$BV))U=6N
@





;F?*//;&Q#X4([\BB?'9[CYMHF




P A'),\L3=#2RX1K)HG+5L.Z'C
MU;/

47?G-U\'58VRY*F0EG 73D08T_!@';;
M35A8I ,I%]B[;U4'PM82]78D;IWC@^PFHTH71)S-=M'I82C7:RUKR@*MR!:






VOCWW+V5[+8JZF::1Q^$M1]U:%#);!12G<Q::U@.1S
M
8.ME6MKK5)\ ]$]F%-
N-EZ69+ 0/1/+-BU]$Z

[7./8IR!(H%&*XAJ S
7M-\.\U ]

M:G2+E@UA!:@5

7I*:5[*EYGU5


Q@REWO1V$QH#.:K&A#)

])SH9-$$+]$





/%J^#DEU%Y.=K6SGWD







WWX1
0@ES$$EC$Y

7)4GR8

=S 
L&5OO.#I

L.O000VW.(!OF:FGYH!


M**J=B%;B8=D4OJE
QR-[.0M

M/I

396L^ONL_97=(^D&EG76=
M/$WFA!!GS2@G)W.N%7Z2SBFKS78L4YF\]/T9'J4G
[3T]


#V&0O[P&D@&)Y.;F=:
MA'^S72IC'VB]W%8DWR-UC:



3;%8$ *=/=)S_T#6_ELDH;W7,*A]
MLC


MQDW&/!-E^NDK^@(CH

.TE/
MYS/
?40H
^V0CK @\EM.+WS





C@P'ZHJZ


PEQ:8]

\41AWK<;TB_F1^G1
8VXH#
F_2=:


M?VGVVQ)-.QE/E(E
QM
9_=4Y

MVHD\^W7
UCQH



MB;'+

'VWO
.M]+B0 I@A


Q')R+?];;_4TEMU:SK?!4=DC&3O9TD28K?YS%W1W

M



P/*]RV9*DVM;V9OC


^T+X!
M=[S]R\/P?]OO*=T/FL-LEUY






%BS
M
X'J+C2ORBY_WW5%GLDR%8QQ;#);C0C4EKO\ZJ2V?R]ZXF8K=&X^\8=BI!

8J'$ON*MAAQ

MBEBV&J)G_LW=[_D527W)-JH_-





MMYM/^;!Y_%'#PH9?Y';[SZ^+_#+YH=+C56ASP-[OA]
CXB4Z*^W2:/:!KUW-

MM=\;&I]QN#TKU!IM[UVU1E49;5J.C!R0!KKOO_V=_O&);OIO_\4! BYV.31[




M;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %2'C4A(=07NQ0   L   +




^
M 0  :0


              ( !V@D  'AL
M+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !4AXU(.4SB7UT  !XP

MC4B+H[X%6P0  -@0   /                :,2  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !4AXU(1RLWMIH  #F0  &               @ $K





RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !4


(!   (1
  !@
M         ( !L2




  !@              ( !\  'AL



M;6Q02P$% ,4     !5AXU(4OB)_J

4










O

4     !5AXU((%#9(:,!  Q P  &0

M   ( %6'C4@S@M:THP$  +$#   9                41%  !X;]W;W)K




2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     !5AXU(NW%*+D  #P  &0              @ 'Y2


M
C

  !D







  'AL+W=O



%I9[@!   :!   &0

Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T





T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %6'C4CER7+U1@(
M 

S4N

 0  1 0  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#
W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %6'C4@OM4;T3P(  ) (   9



M:&5E='

3ELJ50  !]




M

4






    .   9



M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !5AXU(ZA/8.OX$  !F'@  &0

M Q0    ( %6'C4A')L-@EV(  !1? 0 4                0V2  !X;]S
F:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+!08     /0 ] )T0  #6]      !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001615774-16-004925-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( %6'C4CCR$%6-*\  !JG!P 1    97-D:2TR
#$U
3(S
2YX

M@P '!4CB_/J;CZI@00ED@))D,(^IBTJ
JJRLS*=_[Y_]U- ^=&Q-*/PK\\


M

M_S7^KP





[Z3U3CQ& OSR3
M_G06 (:]TD
QU8RB

8ZF&LYF*XGHWZWV63:_^4R$B9_
S:_F
M=U@/!G[(G8(2I';2(UP[S[]_=E?FT-O4YWT+SX\ZO%C[/I7A7.IV:;P2%$



II2BZE85 M+E467T])E*H
OM;RVR/P


@T068\;;U:;




H:]





MHE

1Y-1H!\_


M/Q+QB7@K:[K:GJ[RF%!?;3NGP-H0\M1H\OCM
14CR[(DSIH4:U*L.BGN2]@L


/=V*4

?_$!)Q-?$






'TX_R4^!H*\;_

?RWN*W7X 'Q6X2%40A;; 'BS 6C6I-





7LFJT903X0P3!W\/H-OP.&!N%
MPOLD90H7\KK3?HEL!%@QVO*T_XB- 3I;O[1#T0LMYQN890].9]^$W
HAC3


CV9/]B%T/MWL^'4;!^OSQ




?XCP%AG9Y9XUYI@6#?
/]P@%=MN0_[N61QUFUG7


IYW;XG6F



M35O%O6^^Y3)T\-)CC[K;SE'6?7


?;Q(V&KW[ MS]02/ V5+


M[-T/$

M?7P


I6?(RD1.I#0$S]

MR[+-NHB\2LXY T'GPK:K;0G43E?W(

M9I]]L-?L6



2EP;.=V_1&'$GX;7_(TZ[%*.

M#SIMT
#2




<I115HG?9L57I;/1-9][X(\'








M9\FS_WN=O


#QL
P
ME3?Y]W0Z15$U&CO?X23\

M\ .Y.8!!Q\[*WG?.K8B%
T/;#X80^H 2(PP112D;^'PRH;\5'YC%/HP.
@PC
MTS4G701S?$?
$OX^F0CG=[ALX2^J R.1L5Q-814CUWGQMZNK;R_/'5C*&I##








 (-V25
MS.I@4/1N
OV(0!G[=\WX%


;1^_ON6C(-*-0 =E

MJ62Q51)R[YR\:Z:US5)L.2I621+




I

(Y@[@0\O
M(N%B1C[[
LA5

FOBII'XL2^_*F5)AT[
M2 

A9_[38H
:()U'

M$ 4([=27% +S@FR_&
DRXT!8X(:]YB\T27_PB];XEN##+^1


M

M./B([.'L7

8SDB0/'236%%([


MDO\S]:S881M0@AP=4=?8BM98!XM)
EOYG^0*EI0G;_*02V58EJ^/'E\V1/V-


CK;XONIX'I9G;U9
$]M)F%[P!87E64#)\&MS$X']A_JOAB-3$)GA
MTLW/BW-(?^H';NR\P.C0&6;DD+AKF
?+8NYA@%GF/2@@+


8W3WH@K <98(?GP



MNIZK*/\\&Z'Q

MS@7MFG:XTJ%)L**

I24.)@:Z=1Z
-$
M
IL2%$ 7'4X4-112YI0)









M/U2Z0@$T

855\




=M&!]7S^3Z'D5L



$K2 CH6V6)6O)MFO@9M4G98=+'P?JC=574K$J6/.*B/6/B?S1


;-'^J
M0$'NJ^F=.QIPJG.%W'#*S 7K)BN&C7'3R&F
##]6PR)'=X
YE=$)PY262_$$

/J7
VHX*

;ND8$&1J4LK]7UD6-<^*B-E$KZ9D+;L$Z

=

PQ V=LK36ZDWL

!M=$9EF1(NQOJCYD=)R'('%C9F9--6(4@:%V3:DP*U:?3_0Q


/G8


D@T@
=B\M&L]DDOO\T^S0'VO=99(9+F,2T,;1E5C/HR

M=E25M=:2TP-+63[!%^C ?:E%#KL^
1HM\D\INI9214?V..IQ7FCR(L%E4)2?
MAOU
(5;_!'Y1
 H[IG@B+A-S7%+[L7.1!=HIV=7RX6[DRRHZ(X[]V/:M:U$


M\I([OEG)M
O?-RP/) R3E0Y+=!-DE\W\6 W:;DCY8[((* VNJMC)PK(!.
[;
MP 40OH^H




Y\Y[*P@WB[9E/:C8






/M



JG1$);K:M%\ZO[4M0NT?1RD80XG4'W5Z6DC

V]0\EFY

MJ%@SBL9$VDR1[

/1H;@XB6FF2\2


=BJPE#@?R.S)*8S95








*^:^SU+SSB<.<9.;1Z.=9A$_/:)&M N%?
S(_Z.(&QB$4H$07$DAOC-N5B
MIGSH&=6[N?X@BD&H2


4@.8H




M&5XSZI9AU+=J?X=P:^X]J+889C@Q0)?P+\_:!C=L^65$;M

M+]K-+N@#G0OXGU[OY1H28+_[RRYB!']S;[&-+_SM!G+#P])B]B^'#Z)L[61S



M1^E8KR

X]#&'WLQ.33?]._RM#M6HMKM]T&ITFYL:

MLW$Y*#\(N)0S?UDCWNDB7JO5Z%\^U@2\=\2KA&B\LX#G7$2BCD_(HA+/L)+=





[/
(/NPP=3A/*7Q^@IL








6_+DUY\C1-5B:LIC2E^5P'M13K%+(ZFOI11


M9B



M-$8

M8.



L==\

M3M0X46'AN:3FFRO+4#Y2
*F[P98HE)0+9?GFO$
?=M7@J9'O))&O@/OOM'Y?



&_#YB!

@T2+*WMB/%8C!+_AAXYL8M.


-]-W/#:
4T;!Z6-H^C\5J/GF[.RT&CWVX?PZX<1- LL GO

4R&Z?=B%HN1[YJVF @@!CZ=K_
6O


[Z5J@1K[X5]GTK')/B\ ]=:RS3









D
T


13/X2W



W%I
HE:+A_/0C^5
JZ=25)*['431UD

.EW'N?(R6X-+0X+T&U[HS]N_@+A82
M6#O=PI) @0?8EA@.2X.1UV5B$!IBD#!H9HP=H-=QB2($V/$RA_.(7;RLSO#B


1*5@/M



]V4K5R

MK8:KZ/227]J#WA8H?\QX_K@ ME*0?MW8P6I@V@DB?7\;/G_
2'\8YKYN&%0U

ZAC/H\GYK/=;99 94=?F*:LV
\23.24&O8X

ME_] MPY:L2GHS

.E5UTN)/;]28*;H!^_= X
 /$!0,\,!Q8Y^_\@'3KZK
M&&X:#&0;16F
_N:Q
TSA%2'EN?-K%G'F10 .Q^0%OK@1'-R7*!BB-*'0-W::
MPS!Z/@KEF[CPONM(6+\_!J$-F=1XC(Y:Y?]52_B3S#M_QP!9./+1!QU)GV/]


M@ILN[E3
6%J2[
MU-&T6+$^:[7/^X45QOIEUY


9R@S0VFFS#,O+&M+
M797O=.TNKW&H-=L=/J=1V]KM8Z]6M#42'@?K)U.HS/ 4)ZA=W60;K5N5HR
MQQ3=*VBY?\@87]/V3B6_0U1[;9X?7QWP&MN.%]M:[6/#MH(KX^%XBR/W,&;!
M4O#F1;CGKZCAWLRQ:Q_/OU$_F7Z)$U-6]JAX'U3ID'-0G#)C JBW1V(1!

@V7W.IC;W7J8W^Q]Y]

]B#_R 01R+HL1B&#(;HZM;XT\@E&@LV)<\.U',8Q33&?JF8UHAT&T4QH


M+K$-DZY'%AJJIUG]8YK?ETX'KV/K2F[8!;FSHML
].C+UH,%$QH=+/H%3W## ^CSKV8_@=BVO =B0@
MAJ
TS^C^N1P'.-$6
= 
#1





M*[\NU(^A:.E


0*E_%JL3ZJ'=)WE\5 
&D+\)0K/
M.!O
BL


M\&$P-WX@G6;%R9U9X15LT$C)
IQ??LCFV36=K+$HG7[G7L
17F.JIQ\FL1]B
Z@<=D: *FK
A
F]Q*)'+A%

R^
MKS.6[1)W22Q&$77H?]O1.L0&]DGL8L*P!GF8%+K6\GD0R4!0!SPI9\(75'(

QW59

M.?Y:HV^-O@='W]]\^?-L' LR1(D8C614CT^7I


=-47]3&*C1U]K2-NJ/93




-_6-L?
;H]
ZWYUBH/K7



M?_JAA6



(C.-0XQ7T!




M

W5^KP0(X&8D!^X#F*D
MNMYR14KT

M(  
[?

RT(VV;#J
TG[
(JX+EXI



)
MR

GR@&T?=/%(;N&%I(&'-,#],20R*L1#\!J)=_*U\[S=HX8)A/JAPYO2
MXUG?.


MH6WUVLQ.68HW^!.*6&*DIS\)*6R/9DLX8FQYQ1L5^S[)HJ*[VF'%5VBVP2




X?
MH



MRI*E--]
B;+05N/IN?


X^BGB
T\ 3+&TEY?]ZY
J
M$FNDPD7W

MS.M6\C2KDJDF\-LH_DG.9G?FH]2 &*'J1@*VQB Z*V8RBZ22- %*M$7@B=V
MO!'-4+Y&]N:+12GX5A@3/^$AP\#X*G,H.6@UNJM= +KNYA+*=) XW_N/!3;







]-;+YSI9TQ=P

M*!CP90
[;IPKE1UUFC@+?K6KW+N&A+1I


J][&'(5DVOB;M.0U7^]&O90+:Z( GH3JJH$L)U%MWAE
M8*
VF8=V:MT*RM4E_P-
MS!4%) B\
GAPALQLJGL83:W'L=:Y'._2_%UK&M8R9/E9[!

8D]/Y'GJ
MHAZS(:





MOTO';TJUEN34D8S@(



9R5G+F]

4#U
V^EAD(8LW+LA+J62Q4Q)R




QUCN7G2O -W
M&+'S!8O33(2+9*K$(NW'B:D)Z
P=_72OR6Y))DO

&?1:L
!XC0PF

N!SD-2\:)LW/;I=5C@4@74SU5;2^@\(#\S?F.\2)E(C
A]
M=RZ*/)V?U(_YNSQF&00ITRS9)*;19@3ZI/F;7K]6C3(?7,M-#' )=1BA7R



83.)6W1^ I[R*)V&XX^MPAH-R[]Q2Y$*
S%.DO<^CGZ9=#H#T<HB!
[L8I!/'<^%GY:X#YQREA4L54-=6&2<:W=JK!
/QHHXIO0^WF*K]86<




M

M*;PLU#5JB7BQPGJ -=S0@H(E=I5_

MN;2X%NHS41\O2'5^


M#J1:#ECE@F2=N\7*N9(,:\4J.YE/?]TJSR&RB,X-%RYJIFM\QXUQ^05U2S
MLBVA$ 9_BJYE3$=-8Q5#BT9=SD9+$Y4_.W*QH2$R.S2-Q*Y)GC5E)7' K/)O






HP]




K5IQAH:Z'AZU%F$
E 5M.G?
M@HJX\(/[@


8VPS90+HOQDMAJEMN$)2TSIV8J%P*X

M=E=5 TN4O.^@O&_!BX&FB2R



DQXYXX&G
J&(N.;
A_1[6_Q
MY

*5=?#<L1
W





?QG/


MO!B+G(T98]Q^\ ;5N&O'_I



MN4

MM$Q-^YP7LH$=-A7N1PF!%?IEC4-/W
CC[1S(6)(XX025@-3^7RV@3@!)N*E?
M\!J Z%W.RSQ.'J0








$T-G5=C/:1E)&=^<0=*
MF?WBN.J =VU-U?E9?5]-.<Q@F*1:,@U@SJ@J,7[&EC/I-M /TV5 :71=ASD



M(O*

^&!3*ZY8LGIF''H-



X2
ML)S*F:.%[X_L'3K


M



U




M-%G)FK]M&.]R&4_7U=YP7Q/PT1FO%JKQP0)$
Q&)


M\=
&U']
76+BH/I

*_5UU




J VLA/G;X1
M=[65FH@: V%HAI:=)V 6KXZ^P

!#@^N
MH:O#3MGT\8T$KBTOU!:PADFW

N*+12:4QN+%
M;Y0YVIJ;@)E+CEOHJ-JPIC4DFWB9^:[MMKM55]9[#S9:K6L(]P.G@P(G9-
M2VQ/_&B@IK_EM?!FRQXVC*'*(J]]== QZKE3F\2CR^4[HZT:_7TO$+4RQFR*

M$[51==3&L+


*?#@A+==. !G9ACY

W*9HK=% .NS&2B $8]O#3WE9N[;CL+#6WLQ+./(EQW
13OU30&Q

M]G^AMO4S&)3W





F747X

/]2H4;QC.#

MB1DYH0+LSGANY#?B(?%Z]I(%:#H.WJ1B3/$QAP4!O N#7=EOZ9LU*
8@^/ D


M-X\^HS+IN;/G?FH.V5



M+7[5J
VO@ .K

MJ1;*ZLUYIU[LNL'3
-]%
E^.]$^J_B7%]S86U%O?
?$KKX%CL^!N@E+Y 83R


M

M7VWGH3RS\_#PD4_D@KP^@^ZJUV=P
8]
M\^&'=*43O-:G;.7-WCCIWCB+GD8-*QSIY!SVU9YAG -53J)HYMB$#R8X[[ 3


C7J(X.D:AVZ6


?-YI85[L#0VT7KLIU

_0L_Z\WID!BF5%PU*S W


GHW1L^&)AB?J(Q7W3L\ZJ-
P



M]LP
F;.H5P



N G6=EMM]^'X





;G%WYTU:E$PSV4 [FX





F!6A6?5N,K$MYA<EB#[H
M7B(Y;FW7=W;=$J28]B_$&H(D4#$^&KZ?S+LXE22&-W!A1!#_O1Y-@/Y:(;L

[4*@?[2#T+='41B1J=OC

MDB-C=$1FJPC0/6Q!9[U Q].(Z$(Q6@[8_LZX-L=^

MYRL:2;W1!-+1VGVMW
&Z#\QUH%%98:

\T;H
'+[-?+Z




/!%E8[


MCC5+#E!=(E/





Y!0/C
C

F3G^3P1X

7%
MM??LHL,1O2#1N_I=RG 
S
B2T77AV[<RT9^@5GV! RL)S


M7#P( -)K''\
Y










M[
^?#DW1% L=DXD%GXXGO.FJ5//+=5^SQ6G+N)N/[H1:/P9@0WNG]X(!-@





)XC[#M


MLPTS[ E


=76G.)VZ'JR*5KCWH9')_

NO 


D
M0MD





1U8XWUR4



M07D#Z+#?

/T
M\;P_6


.
ZVA5^F9RB&RW/)KH'?2
MDC!O]%TA*



MO&)=J2H.Y3@LYUI V7 ?&?_?SVXL]T6A\
KN.MJ2.6'+O.O=]Y6=V#UM78S!
MM@
Z+6ON)FB=Q'H8Z .]]]G

MXRU83MC]&C=^IT3+DGP(5Y#


MRM&/0

C'D*8??DRMT4%EJ.SA]$ZT E5'J\#GF4'EN6=_D&.N#+$NC5MG[JN

'_ZW'VZ
MX@Q9Y?C1&H[_%T/3\Q*STSGS$6:+X:I4[

+&)_HCYDN
;


($U%A;%([\.5QLR5\C
M'5[


G
M ;[HPM]-TG:-'5.PEXOH]3!=?/O*+\]=F33/[H&;)]-V\#H)EW.::5
EL[T]


[75TZ0

QQ_8MP%K

;]X8:@.






U($R QW-<P%$.&+GIHV25_2[PX9['I;]D:==NF$K3
G3/]/M]:8@







E1WJ2Q
MSOLFN8/B_J@^;N)X4*KQ_R^2(EQUZ6;'0&7O]^W_Q#0IH Y#I!E((E=[8X9




K)=KNDO_%K!)Y'RQ)V6]L'+$]&!;



%R#+@Q/ S@%5+WWM#^V KD@4';2LE[O5L.R-CE


M=#0ZY;.*SX6


MX

MH5H8&(4QTXZ8Y]D.*4R+P& O%N






F%2S?=4& ]I[HAK.]XHBN*PM5!#7:V$B#[[TDQB^(
Y/K#:0B;VE
1(4=&,SA
M@C&QL;U-(!+=Q(XF?%<S(E3?17[L9*#_$#%[$A7XC'1N?H2JC^)8@9
Y !D
M&(T
]'C-$E24#.Y%6,/4,9:C'.@$_(EO(NI6-O'K842?4KG
'BWD[.

-KW



M/[%0?-X@%_(=P \TX.4Q@X

O-^4(-#4]S

E;V5(UQ


M9BZ\96
0-JJ9V5'W4QCS1(1044 MD?FI


M^&1


S+OQMPN$NAYWZB
/_I#IP\^\=$[34

3
@P@XCMT
9



MAXU(;0\T7-@
   (BP  $0   &5S9&DM
C Q-3$R



L#N*9$TE0R]S$+/ JE(

M/GT :QS\\/7+N.XI2#:XY&Z(FE\$WE6@F%J/0:98ZF?U'.:=]ZP4^'3013_?
MHS
6





H9V*TM$Z)^S
HD']PO('./87=IE]_U/1A2GRD$I#BR63B3'T8(.W.]C*4.L
M#D]FL7.QX!4'F-(NN]^-W#


).'@O-RFD[%)\:5:$.3;RU.9%





MRK &%:
(4(^*
S
ME+PP;CU0Z:)30WR





MW[U0F=T4J=




^R6Q
M'BNZ1';P#6RI(*:%*.*3X.$J(65 8K-:*VAD35^HRP5L&2\D+/0KPKRK9^RC
O-3BJ'ZCO9^\-(U

M0A6.\WG ?L??R8FW







MUK'M]$L.#) &1;QV(G=+GW17PP0N1][FQ*VQ729U:Q? VQ!K!I
9C@O\11TF

MXZR;(_NK6M;


9K;IWF9GX?U4/S!QM9QO47'[;4H5A(6](NY
MH-'/EAHSOY*B??:4N?^D'J&3]EHT$FM(3/QKXOMRK.OX&H*;FU$!IUJZ]MD&

M


:M13#8GQJBR2/^Z*+&4#TQ&:






M SW53.HHFL+P@HB=U[M'J(QQ1K_&A
_

M&NS(EFP&S/O HYJ*8GAL1E_0D R/#FQS *G#+!H\-D YN


MTC9YC;+:536-Z4VUM6I!1[=Q/!]S5QBCK*2KWU3.
=J=U#NL?JA__?L!I0S
MX8*0QOIL%M^@K/K:W^MVG69C?X#YK@PUSN5?N_ :+G! DJ@@*2(?=]8#:4R2


M4_X%0?




)B&
MQ/=8;&



MU8H&D;7U.R&Y3+@J7/^*

M%W:.'Q-



*5:)\'9CP4RB.4ZS7QW/REJ84/QR^T:




OB(/FVP 0I+Q12BV_#(] E-TL7Z![^LU9BGX6E(DYQ,9?34UQ GOP2BBI\
M%LFV3F=F2S09;5GFA F\W8-:.O4J.<!#<S7[PUP4)IM:T*=HI=31'H8&5I
M7O'&.*V@G/R2S2OQ]?S*<RB:HI QZZ76=2DH/!F

MOP:R0-?Y7]A=(:H*T
*-4:9Y?;VB/):
32)5H(O\_0W'*D4-/ZE1HUCM15[Y

X;*KOI1A.T\0Y%41TM
-


&D

$9&46Y%8015:A$65?K%P5N85;28QS(



?(*YI8K@!KW6VQWF



!I:BDADEL57NO[RET(*W/?/$=.8?



M
A.K $
U)CFU(JL&'!=@FMW\VH)

MF*VNFCK272P/9N!S/Q\

0'+@E?



98&AVA'.



N:KQ\ I&121 (@11*@6_U0


M718ME7QYI.'R&0=[2SBKFMFOHV0ED]\M)?^F^*%57G0




I^PMYE3%M^,;YX0%51IFU$MU2;&^X0$/Z8D'+%.[ R-
M<83\S_FS-*J0-96TJ8&IWX\O0C)STJ-7!+J!&$EVS6OH6GL9R@.*'[B-G@S



M-6)-H[Q#(9\H
@\@63Q0GSTM
/(M=7+-CWF/

MMJ=A!9V
\8:6JA?M:#0UPVLDW/E\]PPE/@[C:Y_RR
RSUK^J76&;\^&J2IC(
MVAFCJVJR6:TMCMG9(RL





2%)0+

G3$4Q:Q8J&1W;8-/;;Z^CC9G]9

M32;+*T'\&^9V_/\\3M?.'P@P%O

O]OTTOE



M2]6\5=H5VCH:T5;:[^;T _6\5?Y5ZH(&4#=.!\SU*YGF0
(HKZ5:)?VELZ:N







M



.)Z;\84?
!$TRN!
M#
A+N][H*M10.]=-2@F'50.$1C'/H%PV CBTJA!RO-5-P$.-GTL0:2
MUOH%RX4-X:7#4X537YFHM6-?2NBEPU/0N:^5%@YL^2Y9W':W^G:W^G83@=U-

I#D+]*U8L


M#1UH!&V%4+7O$*FLA:/!TWL4
-^
(#
MQ]

B*.T\-C-I@ONW(




R/62I!-\@/FF=IUP_+8#?C%^[ZPO$MT\J(D65
MJ^HAJZ9:@6Z*4V2'/


MBF9X/H.ITHKV@C
S+2#RK._;OHS81_3@OZA3+!\.RBF6N: G)+O-L5R&+%^2


S6)
Z$^?CDIO3KD+T
E9[-BD

^.$_YA3'(RS2L6I7J-2MG9]5^3+1 NP


93KCCQ/.PG#*?BOV
HD!S.]=A
MZ7:N7$4BI6NAJFYC27J=-%&:TOU=9LJY$;;9)H#=)H!ME25Q#;TZPI(KXG:Z

6-#!J]!-/1$)&X\8KYJW=\4URHO1E=



'UEK8)\N;BB_





_

_0YM(#B/1^ E(W@

5KDB.Z.4FARRF4J.CE:V.'9YG&O1#CH=[[*9


M2XRZ


SP!TM$+.9.7_NS9
Z6
3+RHK:BB_HVQ9$ZVC@X
^S(FQT]FV[X+M=


'PF8..

2^(7T





M





M18V1YO)

KXP7?-[OATAAZ3
MUQ
/ZH%)5K8/(Q*L8W/GS]M@PR3M-BQA9UA2M+6*E!XD0F^.&Y='J(WYZ\D

MW+4$'FM8=5TA4-SRU$G9X

;XFT-8[W9% ^EH @

MK 0KU)8?+:\3-7VF8^LQ9NAY@:U#;[!JFZP)$?!=@/JU E%QH.;*7UKT25








M&C=7HA=M6L(+-J7=4P+2%=;5?2FKE^[4#T


^5 ]NW&1RX0BH\C?N'2#
=\5([%


L




M.SHGPLSOB^V:MU+.5NL80(F_+3
Z5X.)L^PKT/\JH0MH1OC0=_A-W^#_U+


T4]HNBIP'^:
H=Y.?+H)@

L76D_759*JA'X-7ZLRY$UQS^E

MN.





T*;AQ9^EJQ7+87= /94YJWD:V 4;4 YV#SN2$&@BT




_TL+HT32R
M/KEFA-LDF%(0#:M
Z+I4$K*D%


Z@JAH8H.







7


S$=U3($.85K:Z:0G)%$7LH%&E2A6(G7P6:DDW-=!S\.K8F#O
MA@4CWWF?%SF -@8CWQU)


MNMD51L

A#$8 9?4NJ08^%9MLV+(+X


079R2C@
M[!U,?4MV2J36.C15;N9S%M+,$++N2OB[CJR$MKMYW/H91[,K,?7N$Y=R :+
MGT3@TAP*[



!$%[NXO[B
'?0N)*.7G9PEC@!5
M%.$*7)S\]R;YC6([



&Y6OMD
MS 


MKI*0V_ 0O





E6I(./7-0URNDSC





A3;CX%.RH_!CLXRC
:O_L





$


M-P;7$T3!)!LZ;2RN7'.7(3FA
CUK( +@QIF&Y#2
Z4%5\Z460\B6+C8;5T1\
M9G2FC)#0\F9W9_\VS9GAD




PMN,[H.
M6'3QLJ9)3LVN12/K-_V( 6X[X8A$ U33.CZ246$+*%2& EO6C
FEUG5A/-2
MZWS4*R^*M CB:]?)J&Y




IAH

MBY#!K2C$T#!%CTTWKQ$W&-($CM0D7!G7*'6^H0_I'8V#@HIWP:W#E$G!J[.Q





E:(_-BS).*#*=QJIDFHYX91P^\\R J]
M/0G2BJ/Q-G:


D9
MRTO+__KUEU]__?4;!&0)U#\-_+FZZ]/OI;_G^3R3G
@WSCZ!XW^C:_LJK\R

]J*I =D?2

-#&0\3LS&;_YT\F;[[X5OP+#OOGVY-LW;T^^W0GOP]$3PC77
M-(3'S6







MT7/2GC*/&2*YZ&AH7N6

J$SB&/DGN-4KLTY

PC1K&Y 
W4UE4CY9)FNHTZ / &FF
M%[HYVE42IBM:YZNUG&_22OM-S6:$W

A3@J0PT$7@;MDMSX16T_*ZUZV&F)K([LM@FLO
M40VN=^F#%B3'XT;.TKRXF9LOXW=D_
YB%?#:T]:& !IWH4+5GYCFXK(A(C+\

R%S_0A&9!



'N


&0
M6*\K-






MW]S8)8(M#'P

M!YQ-*I.
.(/4GY_E
%92(T$*7^Y0/#H!.W#B.:/1^^R
?

U

MQX8.#CXVK;B97[*$+VIXOX'\N+K]1[.*5X?O +[EK WR:/CF ++G)!LJL%*










MU;I4==4^=J@NN$%B9LRRBN$6UEL;[E!Q2R)X;+&D0T]3BD )\=8;AA3;*[


MA:.88@^SQ3K%9O4
X4BFV/4)UD-


:/M!Q%@'*8+=H



M=V^]H4WXTBN


M. BM8CL7]



G% 5X:W[OSNU
?






M(DA=!@[O=I
M@J3

%.?2QM]+L#7Y\J)$SP$S2LC='CARJ#@
700<9!?IYO'8O:8;HH?4O'\
MF_B++$YZR$%^#T&
=2P]DD(5VTT]!P

SZE;PX)

L8'T?0T'U;V-VI7JR#;PFSEGBT2






SHWW\Q*:#R;
M*U+= 8

MZT%2E:C?
Z-ZL.WCH7TY-(0R@.O=*!.G74I9=+[N0YH5BV!!FP:YNSEG;9\$
M&VA2DW..JFAH. ROBID5


D([S^ALYC
M@7FEVC;&YL2TTM

V@

M#;/L&#4WP;@*9G^EL








MAZ#M.4NI2VIE'$3\


TUIT4)#<%<D?;7ET*/-!1Q
MT XBC#?S^RFN1O?3 I^ST39@+?//^FDT5#+K%_KDFF1A0J.-ATOV3KM7P#



J.S.=W7ZZR*:&@Y!*WRQ2BQ
M%H5_--21$!(:.2GD0Z=W+/_M+*
1*^!?VA'H.%W[+5;P^^6G$\1+-B5-Q1
!OFFCW!ZS'P:LM5$L:;%X+3 IN&%QZES\

MWU7+8IMF6'#BS]PPBT1.G+P


Y6.A@&E$U-V8<O=53MJ^7=4







Y#8MZUY%#

M&TAPFMQ-7[(J'

_-6F8CADD@*[8#^\+^!4_3
5Y;



[YRUQCKHNCYYJNC(9T[L!8M-.QRAMHEW4]I]AL
HZ&4







:*#I








B;@0#I?5O''.Q_)6SDW=.MRH
E4& AUX70J!KOSDG!H TG2)7RC)


*Y30\




46WG&=0F)^1PK'H?![HG
MI-0F=4SJEZH )$N\IJF[IV'N:!7ROYG7FP)7R4?Z4M7'PS.-G^@'.
1AVVQ^


;5B@X_Y?CYOPE





M8N\5PTWI;1&($B _WU.E0H)*YT ; QIC;OG2-$@@8A.\G+
YMXAR#

DXUUGZQ$0X<YYFK?D=#D?1
M&XC%P*6&W\V);_Q31<#VE%.D\;D8]0@F/V(IU02HU(@U)#RK'[4_II;=19D


MACA2WVAZ7TDG//V8ZS[6XCHH:\2HGM5%1S#
7K/@D2\9X
RX^W1.J301M0P&
M:BFT, X9.IA&J=S\4[M\*-C V/S+1;-:S4:3^U:R!0CYC #56.G6PE87D]Y
M%?I!S_/@\H3ULKUAL*6+JE6F\((F\H?J)*?@H /KF.N ;##R#NB1SS03*[Q
M^IIMUB%$)YW%:9Z*4\EA'%:[X+H$^MOX^T4'8DVC


M+#F&$ZFKBX!2:G

8@5;1RAOFJ%T3[/5(^W PK#LH(YE-YLNZ6G6_H



MO;B\/:




M'VFF'BYIM(DI[X^;QYQ%+
BV-]G%[QM6;#_08IE&5\D3S0M*36=+!Y?B=;:^
MGXFM^?JP(M#

(
?



]=K3T&%\1[79<!R^!))3K+
M\\U*&GO'\M\N,TJO^J:MTAQ%Q2Z#NJN[K.'#36JV45<=='


M931&$DLRF?2W-.83FI@5VSUIV2T S'5AKE2LZU]%.140M9ZSZ=:&@='Q1SZ
MT3[-?M1,L_\&1BZX1NQ+W3.:Z.N-]
DW\?7O:\6_55I;[5X^$^CZ9=^[=4E




?[%L:FGO;=I.=+V_K



I&? +8VI?@NB%+-8])=H8CZZBNB4/6RJ)5AWYC?Z1!?


X2?4*R%UU<FKNAU<_&1
;
M5J2[K_6)#0#R:8&K)^RC;@$=5,L:?:P#)*RFNKZ:$]EZ_%S;/\P JC&$Q&






C \




M'FA
/7 [ZDU.N3W .A
NI[QV(S2


4<<6297@(

'E
YPF+IRKA#ABE
MT$_TF?QT_![L+4FPIVZ


]VS1\-4_?7O
M8
 BL95RH=HKAV%P8Y$N_+&OWAR$DZVE.S3&-*3:*==10
TR-


M']6
?.Q)IBU1U4)
M3<XC&S(S-6 [4$C71]L/Q(.? CB 5B@2[_=_]M;JE!U8S=^P]'&?4]++!2
M0FR9X1CVSN(@SV_F);;[ [2U-;G#&LO=A;$
_5A4Y.Z[$ML5[:44)\!8\Y6609UD(XJ[2RB96_YB7O_;6+Z\L:_(N








2UHS@D-UZ4?4IG(43-3-6@@:T%'N-TF?%AV



*E@EWO
M/!-K




^7+;7O#@A(1PLEH<A@KP<B?OQP*GY
M<\V1^X2($)T3GEG:5WF41K[FL8/^P

TG)I)]HI3!-Z\_(J+:H&&XS[M:_38FO841]F/):FU0!_


ML9$78UT5Q9=


I
M1
7K&_S7F/V^85$=D]G=Z( 0LSP1
Y53/\NVD 3U
HCC_$K



HT[T..$':*Y439OD;W44O@RRN1K0#

]NDIRO-F
J
_&)/^PN+N=!3


C'?F!#MO/S
M-




*E:@\V:'J
7Q=4R5IR68UL



M--

M=S4NPXN6-EF
VI91.UGA:@YML$U$#9.^Z%T<8T)WLDPO?P[4!51TPU%W)^!


XNM@ X$;NII;21-W
MNGK@L!RK
\DC[(!&F
9NV+KA.D5?U/J2!C+-_3*+L)VLB%U\IC3W47;90&





BH=ZV0U*P
M\=4C]X0-G_X398LEGU3
+O0WF%1I2PJD(

MJ%4*2;9WGAP4U7F$6605*7^?4+@*PJ7G!)L
A4EU^L&4)6;FEXE+(I'X
O^==_(/__Q]_%_]Z%(RX:S$Z=]?4OK3
MNPK=\Z=O$[;X\/&[[XX^_+\O5W?A(UD&[VDL6 K)NS65Z$5%=_3CCS]^D']=




8EF?&0Z(W
:TNS\SYQ;

I&C*V&#T_E)GM*8ID?



MST34.[IIFHM%&)_%BH^)Q8(59Q-1_W



2Q#Q@'

M'7#.+C_I
&DW*/8Q:P.9!)#ND5NP;;CT



M0T=TW?=?

XHAY(


MQW=\
Y#$9;"(2I0;&0 )'Y*R9D0%KP!\^O291S#;+7QH1EII@:34%PO$W


4FZ(+_3C.+&)I#P4&U^;:*[Q\3L2X'
M(U)I#


M79.L%

61=0Q@_6.KKRO!M[+-MO[
M.\V!*UR]EU5+C@8=EO-AOB6;$2 =B;]#G1TP


M!@M+N/N
50
XD-)
$9


N75_18




N7V)%X4


MV08TUJ.C:8X
%9/%-8]=U0)5#E=PY/1\(6(!!$KD63?U??[=!0ZMQ#@6\YK[


M9AE]R




;

MD
W]+:G_QF#X@
MPF&0P]XX0!YZL]U$\+UDZWR2^OM'!*]0#768*H3KY2CM/)Z]Q<-4%_11\IL


M&JKQ0M1)




M!7%V'

.$Q^3TN^EAJ
D!;B#[SLOL9W#H1^MO=(&R208::('BW#_4

'(CM8+',89,U8W+3FXWI-0MH&G/@+&106/<=


MJ^IRN2J(1S 5LJ/JLJR;O11;06%9[B8D[.NM160D154O0@HDV4UI_/C-59


M=%6
'2=Y2F.2BN'^BO(UPJRZ2J@YW]^XPYW1-(R2-&=$_
^V'^%QZYXF03R;


MRLGN\N4R8*]\04 7



4A3


!=%+YN)N

MV4003_@V=%*03PIZ?]9\'K8R@$DJS8/55/X=$IFTP!_
] XMG5;)@TO
HJ
M.RH'


;FQ4

R*W[&_JP@*B(+MV[#NK%(1U

MA@N%S7;@)S6P8*



 

M_%VU
WY[N%RN^#@E_P
YJNDC2(IG-1@^Q*/-9%&[C


MBFPE1AY)G/+YH[!3QYD9W@

MFCQ79&-)S'\






29INC*
[H;9#)PYQ2
/


TF
=](1CQIAFCX05H2P]@+5&OD=D]Y=AVR*B
M&CVKSU3#!LI6)<#:B^N' 7&X-.VLL
1G# D@M2;C6TX4TJ)8[2Z%88=\Y&T

/LP(




QT
M6*\G\9W1J@W^-P_L;5(/5!!T_=TSFF:



\*5F5D]J-70]TMV8$PT(@XT
MB[?CQI?Q4T)#

MG?)UK7T_& ?4MUG8@53
A[N0D%EZP9EN(ZZ/QAF)?+_L!E
X3'1468:5^K=E
MGM^&S5H&8:N9ZUP;DEZJ)S;MSWP?
7;GF
!I%A@ZUI/KJ:N$:QL:R-2A8O


 +K  =JO

5ZUY*+1X&7
9%URM5FS


%H()_T_\:D4T1C?-5+[CS;N/!U]5


7_S/33GZX[Z)'M#&$UF

MQ?+7




%P]V4;V7.5J[.)YG



;_Z^?FH




MG:Z(2).






@GDUJ7:&X

M YR[]#SE=4)?.P-V5.CX#^LA*CC+R65\_YP(R4'K(W!7OB?M?1F14H-?D_&(
M.L]F4^E,]^KB_T:4$N+7Y$)B8K!?5E0I2_?F^R]&E!+AU^3_=GWD:@2E^^
M
Y?V:S]-'7XU]K.ST?C/G-JCI;RQ WS[GMIRH/]]M\TUCA/^KVZ;+0/9LFJ.
MI71PHQV.
Z\^W+PI&9(S_PU;K?= 9PK;&?[:O/2(7%[@S_5ERA-A_;5YJ

 ] Y2JY<*A<+MKYHN!6:PJ[V/K5:]I[KOLJW81T'RC
MQ0M#D#N@HA(-A^\(][%L1I4&1



]\C)1CE'52%ZN3]FF0B

MSZ^G\.B:7

M2[SNPC52*1Y^$J0TY#/_&8WR;.O);8R[]N=[!G6TAMW4-GZS::H+;!]60M^3
MK*

!%XVPRTE%77I8WO?L)E#AHV


M;;Y(Y2KB


_*#'*O3XQ


JDDK9\&W211=%%4OG%6Q\_=\SQX@
MRV@Z_JZ1[*:Z$_&(@=A+Z:U_I3WJ658QG
'.M0=5[DK(J)


3.CZN &8 Z

F9Z\B7024_1I$.3E.TWQ96/$M


9L2U?]X%CFJ;@6=2E#/B#=$[9T0[-.B32[
MT1U&E4+PPW=&G_@0'




M4NM04JM7?

U


MPZY^W:M1J;_F.PZUYPC#


MXJZ2D;MZ49+]
DXSELNKU]/LD;#[QTT.P$8C]1ET
P .
#TP)/_R_:#CQN]
M(;?_T64ZK]:_T,8@G'KP?PU\UP%&IQ5$(TR7M7A]2CM^F@DSH8O$B;E'& '

.9O[MUNGQ2V.6ZH^;E


MP9]M):YI[GL-;K4S








M+&Z*B(RY));G K#UF9H


_'/+'

4]2D8O:!S$(0TB%Y!T1%0ABM<ZP226?:!1B3Y
MY2\!^X.(FYTVK<M#1



M[+!U

M6%ZU^/U%PLJZRUT+T2KZ\7W#Q9*X[E*$5JNE\5=



Z_T'4OWJ76
MD;G HT.JKK#TF2AU-Z#STZ.Z*:3@98E(


Q.


C Q-3$R



34Q
C
-2*G?A<H -   S'\#
M !4              ( !5#H! &5S9&DM,C Q-3$R,S%?<')E+GAM;%!+!08
1    !@ & (H!  ';@$    !
end



