

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-17-001422
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54959
		FILM NUMBER:		17730385
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110









     



U. S. SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549




ANNUAL
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 2016


TRANSITION
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


_____________



EASTSIDE DISTILLING
INC.

business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    

(State or other jurisdiction
        of
        
    
        



Portland
 Oregon 97214

including zip code)


including area code: (971) 888-4264


the Act: 



 $0.0001 par value



Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;


accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large
accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange
Act.



Large
    accelerated filter 
Accelerated
    filter 

    
    

Non-accelerated
    filter&nbsp;
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
Smaller
    reporting company 


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 


stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30
 2016 was approximately $6
559
868.


 2017
 8
925
935 shares of our common stock
were outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference:



    
    





 Inc.
 is referred
to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;ESDI
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;we&rdquo;.






 Oregon-based producer
and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including bourbon
 American
whiskey
 vodka and rum. As a small business in the large
 international spirits marketplace dominated by massive conglomerates
we rely heavily on our creativity. Our mission is to be an innovator in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits
 for example our Burnside Bourbon and Portland Potato Vodka
 and in creating imaginative spirits that offer an unusual
taste experience
 for example our cold-brewed coffee rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey and Peppermint Bark holiday
liquor. Our strategy is to expand from our local base in the Pacific Northwest by using major spirits distributors
 such as Southern
Glazer Wines and Spirits
 to address the demand for premium and high-end craft spirits. In late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
 and tasked them with reviewing our current
product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
locally and nationally. We also intend to capitalize on our uniqueness as a publicly-traded craft spirit producer
 with access
to the public markets
 to support our growth
 including by making strategic acquisitions.



Large and Growing
Global and Domestic Markets


revenues of $316 billion in 2013
 representing a compound average growth rate (CAGR) of 3.4% between 2009 and 2013
 according
to MarketLine. The performance of the market is forecasted to accelerate with an anticipated CAGR of 4.2% for the five-year period
2013-2018
 which is expected to drive the market to a value of approximately $388 billion by the end of 2018.


of $24.1 billion in 2015
 representing a 25% increase since 2010
 according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States
(DISCUS). The domestic market share of spirits compared to beer and wine was at a record 35.4% in 2015 according to DISCUS
 representing
more than a 2% gain over beer and wine in terms of market share since 2010.

Key Growth Trends
that We Target

 &ndash; The market share
of &ldquo;craft&rdquo; distillers (defined as any producer that bottles less than 100
000 cases annually)
 such as us
 is projected
to reach 8% by 2020
 according to BNP Paribas.

 &ndash; Women increasingly
prefer spirits over beer and wine
 and flavored spirits in particular. TTB
 Park Street and the US Census Bureau estimate that
37% of all U.S. whiskey drinkers are women.

 &ndash; As a generalization
Millennials (individuals born between the early 1980s and the mid-1990s) value &ldquo;authenticity&rdquo; and are inspired by
travel to try new products and experiences
. Millennials also drink a broader range of spirit types
(vodka
 rum
 tequila
 whiskey
 gin) than prior generations. Millennials
 including women
 often are attracted to vintage spirits
and cocktails that have nostalgic followings
 such as whiskey and cocktails that are emblematic of the 1950&rsquo;s like rye
bourbon
 and the Manhattan cocktail. Along with an increase in disposable income
 they are willing to purchase premium spirits.

 &ndash; Flavored spirits
sales are outpacing the rest of the spirits industry
 growing ten times faster than the overall market
 and flavored whiskey
that is especially appealing to younger drinkers and women
 is the fastest growing flavored spirit category.

 &ndash; The demand
for U.S.-produced spirits abroad is increasing significantly. U.S. spirit exports nearly doubled over the past decade to $1.56
billion in 2015
 and whiskey exports were up approximately 5.4% in 2015 over 2014. The largest export markets for U.S. spirits
include the United Kingdom
 Canada
 Germany
 Australia and Japan.


    
    





into a profitable spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and high-end spirits brands that have national
 and
even international
 consumer appeal and following. To help achieve this
 we expect to:

&middot;
Target Industry
Growth Trends
 particularly whiskeys
 has been increasing amongst
millennials and women. We capitalize on these trends by developing products that appeal to changing demographics
 as typified
by our Master Distiller
 Melissa Heim
 whom we believe is the first female distiller and blender west of the Mississippi River.

&middot;
.
We are not afraid to take chances with product offerings that the larger and more bureaucratic companies that dominate the industry
would hesitate to launch.

&middot;
.
Be true to our Oregon and Northwest &ldquo;roots&rdquo; by shunning artificial additives
 using locally sourced ingredients such
as our high-quality water and Oregon oak
 and relying on skilled local artisans.

&middot;
.
We target the high-growth premium ($12-20 per bottle) and high-end ($20-30 per bottle) market segments with premium quality at
attractive pricing. Even in the super premium category
 above $50 per bottle
 we intend to have limited production offerings that
have exceptional value.

&middot;
Use Sales
Networks of Major U.S. Spirits Distributors
and spirit wholesalers to distribute our products into the largest spirits markets in the United States.

&middot;
Expand Geographically.

 with the use of social media (Twitter
 Facebook
YouTube) and traditional media (TV
 radio and digital) marketing strategy.

&middot;
List Products
in Control States and Top Consumption States
 Florida
 Illinois
 New
York and Texas) we will continue our efforts in the 18 liquor control states where distilled spirits are sold through state-owned
and operated stores known as ABC (alcohol beverage control) stores
 since doing business with these states simplifies the sales
process and increases the likelihood of timely payment.

&middot;
.
We expect our annual production of cases to increase each year. We believe our increased production capacity will make us more
attractive to distribution partners and will also generate additional revenues and profits.

&middot;
Commit to
Quality and Innovation
of brands
 including upgrading our packaging for our legacy products.

&middot;
Leverage Public
Company Advantage.
including potential strategic acquisitions.




strengths will enable the implementation of our growth strategies:


&middot;
Award Winning
Diverse Product Line.
 many of which
have won awards for taste and/or product design. In addition
 premium craft spirits have experienced a compound annual growth
rate of 7.6% over the last decade
 which is higher than the 5.5% compound annual growth rate for mass produced spirits. Our sales
of premium brands have increased over 1
000% since 2011. We believe our diverse
 recognized product line in this growing market
will enable us to establish a presence in new geographic markets and enable us to procure additional distributors for our products.

&middot;
Key Relationships.

 such
as Southern Glazer. We have also engaged Park Street Imports
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services
for alcohol and beverage distributors. We believe these relationships will facilitate our goal of having our premium spirits sold
and distributed nationwide.

&middot;
Experienced
Master Distiller.
 Melissa &ldquo;Mel&rdquo; Heim
 whom we believe is the first female distiller and
blender west of the Mississippi River
 is an important factor in distinguishing our brands. We believe that Ms. Heim&rsquo;s highly
regarded &ldquo;palate&rdquo; is important to us in maintaining a high quality artisanal character to our products as well as
adding to our consumer appeal.


    
    





five important aspects:

&middot;
Commitment
to Quality.
 innovative products targeted at growing markets;

&middot;
Authentic
Yet Scalable.
consistent;

&middot;
Unique Talent
&amp; Experience.

&middot;
14 Spirit
Portfolio.
target a broader range of consumers with our brands; and

&middot;
Generate Customer
Loyalty.




 develop
 produce and
market the premium brands listed below:


. We develop
market and produce two premium
 barrel&ndash;aged bourbons: Burnside Bourbon and Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon. Our Burnside Bourbon
is aged in oak barrels
 is 96 proof and won a Gold Medal in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards in 2014
 and another from Beverage Tasting
Institute. Our Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon is produced in limited quantities and aged for an additional 90 days in Oregon heavily
charred oak barrels and we consider it an &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brand. Our Burnside Bourbon brands accounted for approximately
40%
 35% and 40% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

.
We develop
 market and produce two premium whiskeys: Barrel Hitch American Whiskey and Barrel Hitch Oregon Oaked Whiskey. Our
whiskey is 80 proof and won a triple-Gold Medal and best of show in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards in 2015. Our Oregon Oak version
is produced in limited quantities and aged for an additional 90 days in Oregon heavily charred oak barrels and we consider it
an &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brand. Our Whiskey brand was introduced in July of 2015 and accounted for approximately 17% and
7% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


. We develop
 market
and produce a premium potato vodka under the brand name Portland Potato Vodka which is distilled from potatoes rather than grain
and as such is gluten free. Eastside Portland Potato Vodka was awarded a silver medal from the American Wine Society as well as
a gold medal from the Beverage Tasting Institute which also gave it a &ldquo;Best Buy&rdquo; rating. Our Portland Premium Vodka
accounted for approximately 13%
 14% and 30% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

We
develop
 market and produce two distinctive whiskeys: Cherry Bomb Whiskey and Marionberry Whiskey. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey combines
handcrafted small batch whiskey with a blast of real Oregon cherries. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey won a gold medal from the American
Wine Society and was also awarded a gold medal for taste and a silver medal for package design in the MircroLiquor Spirit Awards.
Our Marionberry whiskey combines Oregon marionberries (a hybrid blackberry) with premium aged whiskey and was awarded two silver
medals in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards for taste and package design. Our distinctive whiskeys accounted for approximately 12%
15% and 10% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

We develop
 market
and produce 4 rums under the Below Deck brand name: Below Deck Silver Rum
 Below Deck Spiced Rum
 Below Deck Coffee Rum and Below
Deck Ginger Rum. Below Deck&rsquo;s Silver Rum is Eastside&rsquo;s original rum. Below Deck Spiced Rum is double-distilled from
molasses and infused with exotic spices and won a triple gold medal for taste and a bronze medal for package design in the MicroLiquor
Spirit Awards. Our Below Deck Coffee Rum is double-distilled and infused with coffee flavors from Arabica bean and won a silver
medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Below Deck Ginger Rum is infused with natural ginger. Our Below Deck Rums
accounted for approximately 10%
 12% and 10% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

.
In addition to our premium bourbons
 whiskeys
 rum and vodka
 we create seasonal and limited-edition handmade products such as
Advocaat (eggnog) Liqueur
 Peppermint Bark Liqueur
 Bier Schnapps and Holiday Spiced Liqueur. Our Seasonal/Limited Edition Spirits
accounted for approximately 6%
 10% and 10% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

.
We conduct and host events as well as sell other merchandise at our various retail locations (such as mixers
 glasses
 etc). Our
other merchandise and event activities accounted for approximately 2%
 7% and 0% of our revenues for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and
2014
 respectively.


    
    





 2017
 the
Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 a Portland
 Oregon based
provider of bottling services and production support to craft distilleries. Since its founding in 2014 by Allen Barteld
 the
mission of MotherLode has been to enable craft distillers to increase their production and extend their product lines
reducing cost and increasing efficiency
 thereby freeing them to focus on their craft. The typical MotherLode customer is a
distillery of small batch
 hand-crafted spirits
 or a premium craft spirit sold as a private label. We plan to relocate much
of our own operations to MotherLode&rsquo;s facility and jointly expand both companies manufacturing resources. Plans are in
place for a pneumatic bottling line
 allowing for a  five times increase in bottling rate
 and large volume spirit handling
capability. The Company believes the MotherLode operations will be immediately accretive to earnings. The Company further
believes that cost reductions associated with the acquisition and relocation will exceed $200
000 per annum. In addition to
bottling services for distillers and other producers of spirits
 MotherLode bottles &quot;private label&quot; craft spirits
for customers who have on-premise or off-premise licenses including retail and liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants
 events
 and
businesses who want to take advantage of the benefits that come from having their brand clearly printed on a label.
MotherLode&rsquo;s premium craft spirits can also be private labeled for corporate gifts
 wedding
 birthdays and other
personal events. We believe that MotherLode can help with new product development and the implementation of Eastside's
spirits branding initiatives in concert with our Portland-based spirits branding firm
 Sandstorm Partners. We issued 260
000
shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition. Based on the closing share price of
our common stock of $1.45 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000 which is approximately equal to the
revenues of MotherLode in 2016. Additionally
 Eastside entered into a three-year employment agreement with Allen Barteld and
issued standard employee stock options
 with vesting over five years. The terms of the acquisition and Mr.
Barteld&rsquo;s employment are more fully set forth in the Form 8-K filed on March 14
 2017.




and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This is a multi-stage process
that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol is processed and/or aged
in various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is designed to remove all
other chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality with minimal harshness.
Achieving a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes. For our large production products
we currently source full strength and barrel strength (reduced ABV due to evaporation) that we further process (such as aging
in Oregon Oak
 or adding ingredients) and bottle at our premises.


 rather than
removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following techniques: infusion of fruit
addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types of casks
for extended periods of time
 and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand.
After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled. This involves several
important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles in various
configurations for shipment.


for the sourcing of our spirit products and raw materials. We believe that we have consistent and reliable third party sources
for spirit product. However
 we produce and bottle our spirits for distribution
 whether the distilling stage of the process was
at our facility or not.




that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our key strengths. We currently
have distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in 22 U.S. states.




U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand is first sold to a U.S. importer
who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo;
states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held companies. In the 18 control states
 the states
themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual
retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other outlets licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger
states
 such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate geographical areas. In control states
 importers
sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the products and either operate retail outlets or license
the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict control over pricing and profit.


dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently eight major spirits companies
each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
 are required by
law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing influence over
the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized
by the distributors.




license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department
 and the requisite state licenses
within the states we conduct business.


and shipped nationally by our network of licensed and bonded carriers.




 we are required by law
to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing this function
 to sell our brands
to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for product placement and for retail store penetration. We
have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our U.S. alcohol distributors
 and they are under no
obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of the distributors also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products
and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in the twenty-two states we sell our products
 and
our products are sold in the U.S. by seven wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.


    
    




Retail Stores
and Kiosks


Oregon area that allow us to offer consumers a chance to taste and purchase our various products
 which provides us with additional
revenue. Three of our four locations that we currently operate are located in high foot-traffic shopping malls. During the holiday
season
 we also attempt to open additional
 temporary locations. We intend to maintain these retail stores and kiosks to build
local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail sales. Some of these stores will contain in-store tastings
 which we believe
will lead to additional product purchases.

In-House Tasting
Room and Special Events


and/or hosting special events
 which similar to our retails stores enables us to offer consumers an opportunity to taste and then
purchase our various products. In addition to the revenue and brand building these tastings generate
 we value the immediate customer
feedback during these events
 which is instrumental to creating better products and testing new flavors.





 the Oregon
Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 32% and 32% of our consolidated sales for years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




with an average of over ten&nbsp;years of industry experience with premium beverage alcohol brands.


day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for our brands
 maintaining
adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our sales team also maintains
relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional events
 create local brand
promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training and education for our
brands.


 we have also engaged Park
Street Imports
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol and beverage distributors
 which
services include state compliance
 logistics planning
 order processing
 distributor chargeback and bill-support management and
certain accounting and reporting services.

Advertising
 Marketing and Promotion


 we must effectively
communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial brand value.


 to aid us in this strategy
we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
 and tasked them with reviewing our current
product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
locally and nationally. We intend to use Sandstrom&rsquo;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and development.


sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree
of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use a range of
marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other
traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


 we
also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings. Our significant
U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. Event sponsorship
is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to trend-setting events
where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise promotions each year.


with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by attractive point-of-sale
materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.


    
    





of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands are protected
by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S where we distribute
or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiary. In the U.S.
 trademark registrations
need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution territories.





with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter
 primarily due to seasonal holiday buying. Historically
this holiday demand has resulted in higher sales for us in our fourth quarter.




competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. Our premium
brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant presence
and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
 many
of which have greater resources than us.


 the U.S. wine
and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major importers
in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 and Remy Cointreau S.A.


a better position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital position and
resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and acquiring brands
by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing brand owners
the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
 most
of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction
structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing
capabilities
 limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced sales force
 we believe we
are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Also
 the continued consolidation
among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.




the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws
of all fifty states.


Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising and transportation
of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution of alcohol products
within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
transport
 distribute and sell spirits.


the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of the marketing
of alcohol in some states to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.


in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer information.
All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products.


 the state
liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products
only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings only through special
orders
 if at all.


is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries impose excise
duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application on units of alcohol
by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose additional import
duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Once we begin distributing our
products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption
of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


    
    



with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry which may be subject
to more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes could be significant.




 2016
 we had 20 full-time
employees
 10 of whom were in sales and marketing and three of whom were in management and seven in administration and production.




premium beverage alcohol. Eastside&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 vodka and specialty liquors
 with an intent to
sell gin and private label tequila in the future. Eastside currently sells its products in 22 states (Oregon
 California
 Washington
Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
 New Hampshire
 Maine
 Idaho
 Vermont and Maryland) as well as Ontario
 Canada.





located in Portland
 Oregon
 where we lease and occupy 41
000 square feet of office and industrial space pursuant to a lease that
commenced on November 1
 2014. On February 7
 2017
 we announced that we had entered into a revised agreement whereby our headquarters
lease will terminate June 30
 2017. On February 17
 2017
 the Company entered into a Commercial Sublease Agreement which provides
for suitable production space. The Company anticipates relocating to new corporate offices that will be sufficient to maintain
its current operations.




material legal proceedings
 however we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course
of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
 and
divert management resources.




2004 under the name Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. Until the closing of the Eastside Distilling
 LLC acquisition (described below)
 Eurocan
operated solely as an online marketing and media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media
 which business was
conducted through Eurocan&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 New York (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;).

The Acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC


 Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;) pursuant to an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Eurocan
 Eastside and Eastside Distilling
Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Eastside merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The
merger consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 1
600
000 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock. In addition
certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 1
245
500 shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
 upon consummation
of the Merger Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 2
000
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 1
600
000
shares were held by the former members of Eastside.


 we conduct
the business of Eastside as our primary business.

Spin-Off of
MWW


our new management conducted an evaluation of the MWW business and an analysis of the business going forward. Management determined
that due to MWW&rsquo;s operating and net losses in each of the last two fiscal years preceding the Acquisition
 its working capital
deficit as of the end of the latest fiscal year and as of the latest fiscal quarter preceding the Acquisition
 and its accumulated
deficit
 it was not in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders to continue the operation of MWW going forward. Accordingly
in February 2015
 we transferred all of the outstanding shares of MWW held by us
 along with all assets and liabilities related
to MWW
 to Michael Williams in consideration of MWW&rsquo;s and Mr. Williams&rsquo; full release of all claims and liabilities
related to MWW and the MWW business. Mr. Williams was the sole officer
 director and employee of MWW at the time of the transaction.
The spinoff of MWW resulted in the impairment of goodwill related to the Acquisition of approximately $3.2 million in December
2014. Additionally
 as a result of the spin-off
 we recorded a net gain of approximately $52
890 on February 3
 2015. This gain
is primarily the result of the transfer of net liabilities to Mr. Williams
 which is reflected in our consolidated financial statements
for the year ending on December 31
 2015.


    
    


Item 1A. RISK FACTORS AND CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements&rdquo; to this Form 10-K. In addition
 the statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include
&ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve
uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future
events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact they do not relate to historical
or current facts and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo;
and similar words or expressions.


statements are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
any or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially
differ from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.


obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.
You should
 however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.


a cautionary discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business. In addition to
the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following are some of the important factors that
 individually or in the aggregate
we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. It is impossible
to predict or identify all such factors and
 as a result
 you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion
of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions.



If our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer
acceptance
 our growth may be limited.


in the Pacific Northwest
 most of our brands are early in their growth cycle and have not achieved extensive national brand recognition.
Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future are unlikely to have established extensive brand recognition. Accordingly
if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and our growth may be limited.

We have incurred significant operating losses every
quarter since our inception and there can be no assurances that we will cease to incur operating losses in the future.


future as we expect to make continued significant investment in product development and sales and marketing and to incur significant
administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands. Our cash needs may exceed our income from sales for the foreseeable future.
Some of our products may never achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment
therein. Also
 we may find that our expansion plans are more costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result
in commensurate increases in our sales
 which would further increase our losses. We may continue to experience losses and negative
cash flow
 some of which could be significant. Results of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond
our control
 including market acceptance of our products
 new product introductions and competition. We incur substantial operating
expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly related to being an SEC reporting company. For the years ended December
31
 2016 and 2015
 we reported a net loss of $5.3 million and $3.6&nbsp;million
 respectively. As of December 31
 2016
 we had
an accumulated deficit since inception of $12.8 million.

We may require additional capital
 which we may not
be able to obtain on acceptable terms. Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict
our future growth and severely limit our operations.


other companies in our industry. This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability to continue to develop existing
brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions of new brands
 penetrate
new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated sufficient cash from
operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or public equity and/or
debt financing. We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms
or at all. If additional capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and growth may be limited
as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations.
Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we
issue equity securities to raise capital our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

We depend on a limited number
of suppliers. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to
lose sales
 incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace.


suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S. We do not have
long-term written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our agreements/relationships or an adverse change in
the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not
have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the
increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments
of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet
orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause
us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our
business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
our business could be negatively impacted.



    
    


We depend on our independent
wholesale distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute
our products within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing this function
 to sell our
products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S. We have established relationships
for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
 failure to maintain those relationships could significantly
and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently distribute our products in 22 states &ndash; Oregon
 Washington
California
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Rhode Island
 New Hampshire
 Maine
 Vermont
 Idaho and Maryland. Over the past decade there has been increasing
consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three significant
distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution for several states. If we fail to maintain good
relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate
success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to
our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. In addition
all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors
will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines
or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in
a decline in our results of operations.

We rely on a few key distributors
and the loss of any one key distributor would substantially reduce our revenues.


of our revenues from a few major distributors. A significant decrease in business from or loss of any of our major distributors
could harm our financial condition by causing a significant decline in revenues attributable to such distributors. For the years
ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 sales to one distributor (Oregon Liquor Control Commission) accounted for 32% and 32% of revenues
respectively. While we believe our relationships with our major distributors are good
 we do not have long-term contracts with
any of them and purchases generally occur on an order-by-order basis. If we experience a significant decrease in sales to any
of our major distributors
 and are unable to replace such sales volume with orders from other customers
 there could be a material
adverse financial effect on us.

The sales of our products could decrease significantly
if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products selected for listing in control states must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain
their listings. Products in control states are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made
available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased
by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our
current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
sales of our products could decrease significantly.

We must maintain a relatively
large inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or
other damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


relatively large inventories to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory
due to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders
and harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce
old products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact
our results of operations.

If we are unable to identify
and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth will be limited
 and
even if additional brands are acquired
 we may not realize planned benefits due to integration difficulties or other operating
issues.


of our growth strategy may be the acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through acquisitions
of such brands or their corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive distribution arrangements
and/or other strategic relationships. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute our acquisition
strategy
 our growth will be limited. Also
 even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may not be able to achieve
or maintain profitability levels that justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned
benefits with respect to
 those additional brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect
to integration and other operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the
value of our equity. These risks include:



    
    



difficulties
                                         in assimilating acquired operations or products;


unanticipated
                                         costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations;


negative
                                         effects on reported results of operations from acquisition related charges and amortization
                                         of acquired intangibles;


diversion
                                         of management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns;


adverse
                                         effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;


risks
                                         of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and


the
                                         potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses.


to grow through the acquisition of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete the necessary
acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third
party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional
brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and
yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our
financial statements
 the amortization or impairment of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Our failure to protect our trademarks and trade secrets
could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.


part on our
 ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although we apply for registration
of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary
know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims
of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending
these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future
and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of
our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our trade
secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively
impacting our sales and growth potential.

A failure of one or more of our key information technology
systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business.


systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware (including
laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
 provided and/or
used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these IT systems
networks and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing
materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded websites and
marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing transactions;
summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
 business
plans
 and financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling
other processes necessary to manage our business.


sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as well as the confidentiality
availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly
or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number of causes
 ranging from catastrophic
events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a
timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive and/or business harm
which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized
disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated
confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers or consumers. In any of these
events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security
breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.

Our failure to attract or retain key executive or
employee talent could adversely affect our business.


and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee base
 as well as our ability to
attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. In particular
 we rely on the skills and expertise of our Master Distiller
 Melissa
Heim
 whom we believe is the first female distiller and blender west of the Mississippi River
 and her knowledge of our business
and industry would be difficult to replace. If Ms. Heim or one of our other founders
 executive officers or significant employees
terminates her employment
 we may not be able to replace their expertise
 fully integrate new personnel or replicate the prior
working relationships
 and the loss of their services might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives.
Qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience in our industry that we require are in high demand
 and we may
incur significant costs to attract them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on the life of any executive
or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected loss of experienced employees
could have an adverse impact our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption and/or increased costs
related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.



    
    


Management turnover creates
uncertainties and could harm our business.


changes in our executive leadership. Specifically
 Stephen Earles resigned as Chief Executive Officer effective November 22
 2016
and resigned as President and from our Board of Directors effective January 19
 2017. Changes to strategic or operating goals
which can often times occur with the appointment of new executives
 can create uncertainty
 may negatively impact our ability
to execute quickly and effectively
 and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In addition
 executive leadership transition periods are
often difficult as the new executives gain detailed knowledge of our operations
 and friction can result from changes in strategy
and management style. Management turnover inherently causes some loss of institutional knowledge
 which can negatively affect
strategy and execution. Until we integrate new personnel
 and unless they are able to succeed in their positions
 we may be unable
to successfully manage and grow our business
 and our financial condition and profitability may suffer.


 to the extent we experience
additional management turnover
 competition for top management is high and it may take months to find a candidate that meets our
requirements. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified management personnel
 our business could suffer.

If we
fail to manage growth effectively or prepare for product scalability
 it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency
product quality
 working capital levels and results of operations


significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base
for managerial
 operational
 financial
 and other purposes. During any period of growth
 we may face problems related to our operational
and financial systems and controls
 including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue
to expand
 train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the
members of management to identify
 recruit
 maintain
 integrate
 and motivate new employees.


from increased difficulties in the management of human resources
 we may also encounter working capital issues
 as we will need
increased liquidity to finance the marketing of the products we sell
 and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth
management
 we will be required to continue improving our operations
 management
 and financial systems and controls. Our failure
to manage growth effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability.
We cannot assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards
required by our existing and potential customers.



Demand for our products may be adversely affected
by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes
in vacation or leisure
 dining and beverage consumption patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo;
willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages.
Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer
preferences with successful new products and product innovations.


in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors
 including:

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; a general decline in economic or geopolitical
conditions;

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; concern about the health consequences of consuming
beverage alcohol products and about drinking and driving;

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; a general decline in the consumption of beverage
alcohol products in on-premise establishments
 such as may result from smoking bans and stricter laws relating to driving while
under the influence of alcohol;

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer dietary preferences favoring lighter
lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 sports drinks and water products;

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; increased federal
 state
 provincial and foreign
excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing;

&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; increased regulation placing restrictions on
the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products or increasing prices due to the imposition of duties or excise tax;

&middot;


&middot;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; wars
 pandemics
 weather and natural or man-made
disasters



    
    



 our continued success depends
in part
 on our ability to develop new products. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain especially
with regard to their appeal to consumers. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs and an unsuccessful
launch
 among other things
 can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. Unsuccessful implementation
or short-lived popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs and other costs.

We face substantial competition in our industry and
many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global spirits industry
is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible that our competitors
may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain
market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol could reduce
demand for our products.


 in the past
advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed to discourage alcohol
consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions
of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand
for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our
results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol
abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has caused death or
serious health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased
government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have been brought in
a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage consumers in their
advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions violate the
consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds expended
by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future.
Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our
cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed
significantly.

Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax
changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and labeling of
beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses. We are
also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage
alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change
or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict
when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various
levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting
beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry
and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance
with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices
in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution of beverage alcohol
products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves
are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import
or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall consumption
and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.

We could face product liability or other related liabilities
that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures may not be sufficient
for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1 million per occurrence
and $5 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $15 million. Further
 any contractual indemnification
and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
 to the creditworthiness
of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
 extensive product
liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.



    
    


Contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or
confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands and decrease
our sales.


our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through
deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand
for our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects
in the distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers
of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties
sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands
could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands
in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.



We are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; and
we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock
less attractive to investors.


growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Investors
may find our common stock less attractive because we rely on these exemptions; which may result in a less active trading market
for our common stock
 making our stock price more volatile.

There is a limited trading market for our common stock
and our common stock is subject to volatility risks.


is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI&rdquo; and has limited trading history. The OTCQB market is an inter-dealer
market that provides much less oversight and regulation as compared to the major exchanges (NYSE
 NASDAQ)
 and is subject to abuses
volatilities and shorting. Trading on the OTCQB is frequently highly volatile
 with low trading volume. There is currently no
broadly followed and established trading market for our common stock. An established trading market for our common stock may never
develop
 in which case it could be difficult for stockholders to sell their stock. Active trading markets generally result in
lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders. Absence of an active trading market reduces the liquidity
of the shares traded. Any last reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of the common stock. We have experienced
significant fluctuations in the price and trading volume of our common stock
 which may be caused by factors relating to our business
and operational results and/or factors unrelated to our company
 including general market conditions.


of our common stock may be volatile and subject to fluctuations in response to factors. The stock price may fluctuate in response
to a number of events and factors
 such as quarterly variations in operating results
 the operating and stock performance of other
companies that investors may deem as comparable and news reports relating to trends in the marketplace
 among other factors. Significant
volatility in the market price of our common stock may arise due to factors such as:


our
                                         developing business;


relatively
                                         low price per share;


relatively
                                         low public float;


variations
                                         in quarterly operating results;


general
                                         trends in the industries in which we do business;


the
                                         number of holders of our common stock; and


the
                                         interest of securities dealers in maintaining a market for our common stock.


is only a limited public market for our common stock
 the sale of a significant number of shares of our common stock at any particular
time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing immediately before such shares are offered
 and could cause
a severe decline in the price of our common stock.



    
    


Our common stock is thinly traded
 and investors may
be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like
 or at all
 and sales of large blocks of shares may
depress the price of our common stock.


sporadically or &ldquo;thinly-traded
&rdquo; meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing shares of our common
stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence
 there may be periods of
several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned
issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse
effect on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to sell their common stock
at or above their purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses. Also
 as a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the
trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of shares of our
common stock in either direction. The price of shares of our common stock could
 for example
 decline precipitously in the event
a large number of share of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned issuer
that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price.

Our common stock is considered to be a &ldquo;penny
stock&rdquo; and
 as such
 the market for our common stock may be further limited by certain SEC rules applicable to penny stocks.


remains below $5 per share or we have net tangible assets of $2
000
000 or less
 our shares of common stock are likely to be subject
to certain &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules promulgated by the SEC. Those rules impose certain sales practice requirements on brokers
who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets
in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000). For transactions covered by the penny stock rules
the broker must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to
the transaction prior to the sale. Furthermore
 the penny stock rules generally require
 among other things
 that brokers engaged
in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements of the market value
of penny stocks
 disclosure of the bid and asked prices and disclosure of the compensation to the brokerage firm and disclosure
of the sales person working for the brokerage firm. These rules and regulations make it more difficult for brokers to sell our
shares of our common stock and limit the liquidity of our securities.

Our common stock may never
be listed on a major stock exchange.


do not satisfy the initial listing standards of a national or other securities exchange and cannot ensure that we will ever satisfy
such listing standards or that our common stock will be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the
initial listing standards of such exchanges
 or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing
 the trading price of our common
stock could suffer
 the trading market for our common stock may continue to be less liquid and the price may be subject to increased
volatility.

A decline in the price of
our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to continue operations.


decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our
ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our
operations. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect
on our business plan and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our
common stock price declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from
operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able
to have the resources to continue our normal operations.

Transfers of our securities may be restricted by virtue
of state securities &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws that prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions
may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states.


restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions
 commonly
referred to as &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws
 our common stock may not be traded
in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws
of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them should be aware that there may be significant
state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities.
These restrictions may prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Investors should consider the secondary market for
our securities to be a limited one.

We do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable
future.


 it is anticipated
that earnings
 if any
 that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our operations and that cash dividends
will not be paid to holders of common stock.

Our officers and directors collectively own a substantial
portion of our outstanding common stock
 and as long as they do
 they may be able to control the outcome of stockholder voting.


 our former president
and a prior director of our company and Grover Wickersham
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 are collectively the beneficial
owners of approximately 28% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of January 30
 2017. Accordingly
 these two stockholders
individually and as a group
 may be able to control us and direct our affairs and business
 including any determination with respect
to a change in control
 future issuances of common stock or other securities
 declaration of dividends on the common stock and
the election of directors.



    
    


We have the ability to issue additional shares of
our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
 which could cause your investment to be
diluted.


the board of directors to issue up to 45
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 100
000
000 shares of preferred stock. The power
of the board of directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase shares of common
stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any additional issuance of our common
stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of diluting your investment.

By issuing preferred stock
 we may be able to delay
defer
 or prevent a change of control.


us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100
000
000 shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors
may determine the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
 the shares of preferred stock
and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our board of directors
in determining the rights
 preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued
 may include provisions
that have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium
over the market price
 or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common
stock.

If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements
we could be removed from the OTCQB Tier of the OTC Markets
 which would further limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our
securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market.


current in their reports under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements
 we could
be removed from the OTCQB
 which would result in our securities be quoted on a lesser tier of the OTC Markets. As a result
 the
market liquidity for our securities could be adversely affected. In addition
 we may be unable to get re-quoted on the OTCQB
which may have an adverse material effect on our Company.

We face risks related to compliance with corporate
governance laws and financial reporting standard.


 as well
as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 require changes
in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies. These new laws
 rules and regulations
including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial reporting
(&ldquo;Section 404&rdquo;)
 will materially increase the Company&rsquo;s legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities
more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Any failure to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
our ability to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
 or difficulties encountered
in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material
misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of the periodic management
evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a failure to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify
would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting that are required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common
stock.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal
controls
 we may not be able to detect fraud or report our financial results accurately
 which could harm our business and we
could be subject to regulatory scrutiny.


of internal controls as prescribed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 which we were required to do in connection with our
year ended December 31
 2016. Based on this process we did not identify any material weaknesses. Although we believe our internal
controls are operating effectively
 we cannot guarantee that in the future we will not identify any material weaknesses in connection
with this ongoing process.

The requirements of being a public company may strain
our resources
 divert management&rsquo;s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members.


 we will incur significant
legal
 accounting and other expenses that we would not incur as a private company
 including costs associated with public company
reporting requirements. We will also incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC. The expenses incurred
by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and
regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly
 although
we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could also make it more
difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
 and we may
be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage.
These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board
of directors
 our board committees or as our executive officers and may divert management&rsquo;s attention. Furthermore
 if we
are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company
 we could be subject to delisting of our common stock
 fines
 sanctions
and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation.

Substantial sales of our stock may impact the market
price of our common stock.


of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced and the price of our common
stock may fall.



    
    


There are limitations in connection with the availability
of quotes and order information on the OTC Markets.


involve a manual process and the market information for such securities cannot be guaranteed. In addition
 quote information
or even firm quotes
 may not be available. The manual execution process may delay order processing and intervening price fluctuations
may result in the failure of a limit order to execute or the execution of a market order at a significantly different price. Execution
of trades
 execution reporting and the delivery of legal trade confirmation may be delayed significantly. Consequently
 one may
not be able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

There are delays in order communication on the OTC
Markets.


available for securities traded on the OTC Markets and high order volume and communication risks may prevent or delay the execution
of one&rsquo;s OTC Markets trading orders. This lack of automated order processing may affect the timeliness of order execution
reporting and the availability of firm quotes for shares of our Common Stock. Heavy market volume may lead to a delay in the processing
of OTC Markets security orders for shares of our Common Stock
 due to the manual nature of the market. Consequently
 one may not
able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.




targets of fraud or market manipulation. Not only because of their generally low price
 but also because the OTC Markets reporting
requirements for these securities are less stringent than for listed or NASDAQ traded securities
 and no exchange requirements
are imposed. Dealers may dominate the market and set prices that are not based on competitive forces. Individuals or groups may
create fraudulent markets and control the sudden
 sharp increase of price and trading volume and the equally sudden collapse of
the market price for shares of our Common Stock.

There is a limitation in connection with the editing
and canceling of orders on the OTC Markets.


be canceled or edited like orders for other securities. All requests to change or cancel an order must be submitted to
 received
and processed by the OTC Markets. Due to the manual order processing involved in handling OTC Markets trades
 order processing
and reporting may be delayed
 and one may not be able to cancel or edit one&rsquo;s order. Consequently
 one may not be able to
sell its shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

Increased dealer compensation could adversely affect
our stock price.


between the bid and ask prices) may be large and may result in substantial losses to the seller of shares of our Common Stock
on the OTC Markets if the stock must be sold immediately. Further
 purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may incur an immediate
&ldquo;paper&rdquo; loss due to the price spread. Moreover
 dealers trading on the OTC Markets may not have a bid price for shares
of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets. Due to the foregoing
 demand for shares of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets may be
decreased or eliminated.








are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. We lease these premises under a lease agreement which
started on November 1
 2014 and under a recent revised agreement end on June 30
 2017. Current monthly lease payments are $21
000.
The lease is guaranteed by our former chief executive officer.



 Avenue
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. This lease has a current monthly lease
rate of $1
802 per month and expires on March 31
 2018.



space in shopping centers in the Portland
 Oregon area. We lease a 1
300 square foot retail store in Clackamas Town Center (Happy
Valley Town Center)
 under a 2-year lease expiring May 31
 2017 at a rate of $4
240 per month and percentage rent equal to 15%
of the excess of net sales made at the retail space above $247
200 per year. In February 2017
 we entered into a lease for a retail
kiosk location in the Washington Square Center in Portland
 and that lease expires February 2018. In February 2017
 we entered
into a lease for a retail store at Woodburn Outlet Mall
 and that lease expires February 2018. Both Washington Square and Woodburn
were temporary holiday locations during November and December of 2016 and we elected to convert them to permanent locations for
2017. Other holiday season locations with leases that expired December 31
 2016 included a kiosk in Pioneer Square Mall. We intend
to maintain these retail stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail sales. Some of these stores
will contain in-store tastings
 which we believe will lead to additional product purchases.



    
    





subject to any material legal proceedings
 however we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the
ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive
to resolve
 and divert management resources.










trades on the OTC Markets (QB Marketplace Tier) under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI.&rdquo; Very limited trading of our common stock
has occurred during the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available. The following table
sets forth the high and low closing bid prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as reported by OTC Markets
Group Inc. and represents inter dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not be reflective of
actual transactions:


stock to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo; and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of our stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some
of the bid quotations from the OTC Bulletin Board set forth below may reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer
Company
 6725 Via Austi Pkwy Suite 300
 Las Vegas
 NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (800) 785-7782).


31
 2017
 there were 8
925
935 shares of our common stock outstanding
 which were held by approximately 97 record
stockholders. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and
registered clearing agencies.




cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.


preferred stock accrues dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&rsquo;s
option either in cash or &ldquo;in kind&rdquo; in shares of common stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in
cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds
legally available therefore. For &lsquo;in-kind&rdquo; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of common stock equal
to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values
during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.


    
    


Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.
our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31
 2016:




    
    
    
    

    
    
 options

    
 options
&nbsp;warrants
    
    remaining
    securities&nbsp;reflected

    
471
250
    
371
897

    
    
    
    

    
471
250
    
371
897







    
    
2015
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2015
    Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the plan
    is 150
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. At December 31
 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued under the Plan outstanding
    which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in
    year two.




    
    
2016
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;)
    which replaces the 2015 Plan. The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 500
000
    (on a post-reverse split basis)
&nbsp;
 the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance
    under the 2016 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of up to 10 years
 commencing on January
    1
 2017
 in an amount equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 calculated on
    an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year
 or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board
    of Directors. After taking into account the automatic increase described in the foregoing sentence
 effective January 1
 2017
    the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 869
149. The exercise price per share
    of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date
    of grant. At December 31
 2016
 there were 427
500 options and 69
752 RSU&rsquo;s issued under the Plan outstanding
 with
    vesting schedules varying between immediate and three (3) years from the grant date.





Eastside Distilling
 LLC agreed to grant an option to purchase 50
000 shares of our common stock to a third-party consultant at
an exercise price of $8.00 per share in consideration of services rendered
 which agreement was assumed by us upon closing of
our acquisition of Eastside Distilling on October 31
 2014. The option was granted on February 10
 2015 and expires on February
10
 2017.





forth information regarding all securities sold or granted by the Registrant within the past year that were not registered under
the Securities Act
 and the consideration
 if any
 received by the Registrant for such securities:



 2017
 the Registrant issued units
consisting of 576
923 shares of its common stock and&nbsp;576
923 warrants to purchase common stock (collectively
 the &quot;Units&quot;)&nbsp;at
a price of $1.30 per Unit for an aggregate of $750
000. The warrants are exercisable for three years from the date of issuance
and the exercise price per share of common stock is $2.50 per share (subject to adjustment). The closing of the Units on March
31
 2017 represented an initial closing of the Company&rsquo;s private offering as described in the Registrant's Form 8-K filed
on March 27
 2017. The shares of common stock were offered and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
 which exempt transactions by an issuer not
involving any public offering. The investors are &quot;accredited investors&quot; as such term is defined in Regulation D. The
securities are non-transferable in the absence of an effective registration statement under the Act or an available exemption therefrom
and all certificates are imprinted with a restrictive legend to that effect.



 the Registrant
has issued 79
685 shares of our common stock
 net
 to consultants in consideration of services rendered. The Registrant did not
receive any proceeds from these issuances. The issuances were exempt pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2016 to December 30
2016
 the Registrant issued 427
500 stock options and 53
449 RSU&rsquo;s to employees under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan.


 2016
 the Registrant&nbsp;closed
a private placement in which it issued an aggregate of 800
000 units at a per unit price of $1.30
 each unit consisting of one
share of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.0001 and a three-year warrant to acquire one share of the Registrant&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $2.50 per share. The units were sold to 30 accredited investors for aggregate gross cash
proceeds of $1
040
000 pursuant to separate subscription agreements entered into with each investor.&nbsp;The units were offered
and sold in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act
 which exempt transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. The investors are &ldquo;accredited
investors&rdquo; as such term is defined in Regulation D. The securities are non-transferable in the absence of an effective registration
statement under the Act or an available exemption therefrom
 and all certificates are imprinted with a restrictive legend to that
effect.



 2016
 the Registrant
issued 886
538 shares of its common stock to 10 accredited investors upon exercise of outstanding warrants in exchange for principal
reduction in the Registrant&rsquo;s outstanding promissory notes issued to investors between June 2016 and October 2016. The warrant
exercise resulted in a reduction in the principal amount of promissory notes of $1
152
499.40. The warrants&rsquo; original exercise
price of $2.00 per share had been temporarily reduced to $1.30 per share through December 31
 2016 to induce holders to exercise
their outstanding warrants. The securities are non-transferable in the absence of an effective registration statement under the
Act or an available exemption therefrom
 and all certificates are imprinted with a restrictive legend to that effect.&nbsp;



    
    



 2016
 the Registrant
issued 429
146 shares of its common stock to five accredited investors upon exercise of outstanding warrants
 raising $557
889.70
in cash proceeds. The warrants&rsquo; original exercise price of $2.00 per share had been temporarily reduced to $1.30 per share
through December 31
 2016 to induce holders to exercise their outstanding warrants. The issuance was exempt pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.&nbsp;The securities are non-transferable in the absence of an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or an available exemption therefrom
 and all certificates are imprinted with a restrictive legend to
that effect.


 2016
 the Registrant
issued 135
635 shares of its common stock to thirteen accredited investors upon exercise of outstanding warrants
 raising $176
325.5
in cash proceeds. The warrants&rsquo; original exercise price of $2.00 per share had been temporarily reduced to $1.30 per share
through December 31
 2016 to induce holders to exercise their outstanding warrants. The issuance was exempt pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.&nbsp;The securities are non-transferable in the absence of an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act or an available exemption therefrom
 and all certificates are imprinted with a restrictive legend to
that effect.



 2016 to November 21
2016
 the Registrant issued $450
000 of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of its common
stock to accredited investors. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $450
000. The notes have
a 2-year maturity date and bear interest at the eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase
up to 225
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each
warrant are equal to the principal amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a Subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5).
The warrants will be exercisable for three (3) years after the closing date. The issuance and sale of the promissory notes
 the
warrants
 and the warrant shares were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and were offered in reliance on the exemption
from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.


 2016
 the Registrant
issued $900
000 of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock to accredited investors.
The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $900
000. The notes have a September 19
 2018 maturity
date and bear interest at the eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase up to 450
000 shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each warrant are equal to
the principal amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5). The warrants will be
exercisable for three (3) years after the closing date. The issuance and sale of the promissory notes
 the warrants
 and the warrant
shares will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and are being offered in reliance on the exemption from registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.


 2016
 the Registrant issued
5-year warrants to purchase 8
980 shares of our common stock to certain placement agents in consideration of services rendered
in connection with our prior private placement offering of series A preferred stock and warrants. The Registrant did not receive
any proceeds from these issuances. The issuances were exempt pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.


 2016
 the Registrant issued
12
802 shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due at June 30
 2016 for our outstanding
Series A Preferred Stock. The Registrant did not receive any proceeds from these issuances. The issuances were exempt pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.



 2016 to July 7
 2016
 the
Registrant issued $350
000 of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of its common stock to accredited
investors. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $350
000. The notes have a June 30
 2018
maturity date and bear interest at the eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase up to 175
000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each warrant are equal
to the principal amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a Subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5). The warrants will
be exercisable for three (3) years after the closing date. The issuance and sale of the promissory notes
 the warrants
 and the
warrant shares were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and were offered in reliance on the exemption from registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.


 2016 to June 22
 2016
the Registrant conducted closings for the sale of 2
000
000 units to accredited investors at a price of $1.00 per common unit
for an aggregate cash purchase price of $2
000
000 (of which a closing for the sale of 900
000 common units for a purchase price
of $900
000 occurred on June 22
 2016). Each common unit consisted of (i) 1 share of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock and (ii)
one warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase one (1) share of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per whole share.
The issuance and sale of the common units
 the common stock
 the Warrants
 and the warrant shares were not registered under the
Securities Act of 1933 and were being offered in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) and/or
Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.



 2016 to June 3
 2016
 the
Registrant issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory note. The aggregate principle
amount of this note that was converted was $196
503.


 2016 to June 17
 2016
the Registrant conducted closings for 972 units to 13 accredited investors at a price of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase
price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 units were purchased for cash (ii) 423 units were purchased by certain of our officers in
consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 units were purchased in consideration of cancellation of outstanding
indebtedness. Each unit consisted of (i) 1 share of the Registrant&rsquo;s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into
shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share at a rate of $3.00 per share
 and (ii) one warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
to purchase three hundred thirty three (333) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.60 per whole share. The Registrant
received gross proceeds of $499
000 from the sale of the 499 Units for cash. The issuance and sale of the shares of the units
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 warrants
 and underlying stock were not registered under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended and were sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by
Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder based on the following facts: each of the purchasers has represented that it is an accredited
investor as defined in Regulation D and that it is acquiring the securities for its own account and not with a view to or for
distributing or reselling the Securities and that it has sufficient investment experience to evaluate the risks of the investment;
the Registrant used no advertising or general solicitation in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities; and the
securities were issued as restricted securities with a legend stating the shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act and setting forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and the sale of the shares under the Securities Act.



    
    




 we entered into consulting
agreements under which we agreed to issue and aggregate of 2
500 shares of common stock to a third party consultant in consideration
of services provided. We did not receive any proceeds for the issuance of these shares. These shares were issued effective February
18
 2016. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to the exemption afforded
by Rule 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.


involved any underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions
 general solicitation or any public offering
 and the Registrant
believes each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act as stated above. The Registrant
believes that the Section 4(a)(2) exemption applies to certain of the transactions described above because such transactions were
predicated on the fact that the issuances were made only to investors who (i) confirmed to the Registrant in writing that they
are accredited investors
 or if not accredited
 have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that they
are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment; and (ii) either received adequate business and financial information
about the Registrant or had access
 through their relationships with the Registrant
 to such information. Furthermore
 the Registrant
affixed appropriate legends to the share certificates and instruments issued in each foregoing transaction setting forth that
the securities had not been registered and the applicable restrictions on transfer.




reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under
this item.



    
    


Item 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR
PLAN OF OPERATIONS

In this Form
10-K and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced
with the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 are intended
to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&rsquo;s
future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. These statements are based on the
Company&rsquo;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give
no firm assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the
Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set
forth in this Form&nbsp;10-K.




 Oregon-based producer
and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including bourbon
 American
whiskey
 vodka and rum. As a small business in the large
 international spirits marketplace dominated by massive conglomerates
we rely heavily on our creativity. Our mission is to be an innovator in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits
 for example our Burnside Bourbon and Portland Potato Vodka
 and in creating imaginative spirits that offer an unusual
taste experience
 for example our cold-brewed coffee rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey and Peppermint Bark holiday
liquor. Our strategy is to expand from our local base in the Pacific Northwest by using major spirits distributors
 such as Southern
Glazer Wines and Spirits
 to address the demand for premium and high-end craft spirits. In late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
 and tasked them with reviewing our current
product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
locally and nationally. We also intend to capitalize on our uniqueness as a publicly-traded craft spirit producer
 with access
to the public markets
 to support our growth
 including by making strategic acquisitions.



&nbsp;
On February 13
 2017
 the Company announced it had completed negotiations to sublease a new manufacturing space&nbsp;that will
improve operational efficiencies and reduce cost of goods sold.&nbsp;This followed an amendment to our existing facilities that
allowed for an early lease termination in June of this year.&nbsp;Thus
 we expect this transition and corresponding cost improvements
to begin impacting operations in July of this year.

&nbsp;
On February 7
 2017
 the Company announced the expansion of additional tasting rooms
 with the addition of a kiosk at Washington
Square Mall and a &quot;pop up&quot; tasting room at Woodburn Premium Outlets
 located in Portland and Woodburn
 respectively.&nbsp;This
enables the Company to have an expanded retail presence in Oregon throughout 2017.

Engagement of new Branding and Marketing
firm.
 2017
 the Company announced it had engaged Sandstrom Partners
 Inc
 a Portland
 Oregon based firm
recognized as a preeminent player in spirits brand development
 with their work appearing in nearly every national and international
design competition.&nbsp; Eastside intends to use Sandstrom's full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising
 as well as digital design and development with the goal of increasing
Eastside's brand value to further accelerate sales.

Equity Offering and Warrant Exercise.
On December 30
 2016
 we completed the closing of
two private financings
 both a new private placement of units and the exercise of outstanding warrants for cash and debt reduction.&nbsp;
In these two financings
 the Company received $1.6 million in cash as well as reduced outstanding notes payable by $1.15 million.&nbsp;In
addition
 during the first quarter of 2017
 we raised an additional $967
750 in the form of a private placement of units
 as well
as the exercise of outstanding warrants. These funding transactions helped to strengthen the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet heading
into 2017.




are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264 and our internet
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is not part of this
annual report.



    
    







represented an important year of progress for Eastside.&nbsp; Major achievements or milestones included:



As
                                         a result of efforts to expand the brands nationally
 wholesale sales outside of Oregon
                                         grew at a faster rate to their highest level as a percentage of total sales.

The
                                         Company positioned the brands for international sales with approvals in Canada and China
                                         and in the fourth quarter successfully shipped its first international order to Canada.

The
                                         Company continued to build its footprint in Oregon with strong sales growth; achieving
                                         the rank of #3 spirits producers in the state of Oregon.

The
                                         Company completed several funding transactions during the year
 including one at year
                                         end that helped bolster the balance sheet to support various growth initiatives.

Engaged
                                         a local
 top-tier
 branding and marketing company to assist in further brand development
                                         and promotion.

The
                                         Company completed a reverse stock split
 enhanced the board and management structure
                                         and established improved corporate governance and board committee controls and procedures.


to 2017
 the Company believes it is well positioned to continue its aggressive expansion efforts and drive further successes for
both the company and stock.&nbsp;While we have become the third largest spirits company in Oregon
 there remains substantial opportunities
and we expect Oregon
 our largest market
 to continue to grow at a strong pace.&nbsp;In addition
 as we continue to work closely
with major distributors
 we expect both our national and international sales efforts to increase at a rapid pace and become a
larger percentage of our overall business.


and into early 2017
 we also began efforts to improve our cost structure after having invested heavily during 2015 and much of
2016 to position the company.&nbsp;We expect this to be an ongoing effort and one that does not impact our growth prospects
 but
rather helps improve our bottom line performance as we move forward.

Year Ended December 31
 2016 Compared to the Year
Ended December 31
 2015


year ended December 31
 2016 increased to $3
042
527
 or approximately 31%
 from $2
326
664 for the year ended December 31
 2015.



    
    
    
    
    

    
1
858
472
    
982
469
    

    
1
184
055
    
1
344
195
    

    
3
042
527
    
2
326
664
    




in the year ended 2016 is primarily attributable to our increased national distribution as well as further wholesale sales traction
within the Pacific Northwest. Retail / special events sales declined during the year primarily due to fewer retail locations operating
during 2016.


 customer
programs and incentives for the year ended December 31
 2016 increased to $934
221
 or approximately 50%
 from $624
046 for the
comparable 2015 period. The increase is attributable to the increase in liquor sales due to our increased distribution and sales
traction during the year. In addition
 customer programs and incentives increased due to our increased national distribution.



December 31
 2016
 cost of sales increased to $1
280
344
 or approximately 47%
 from $870
390 for the year ended December 31
2015. The increase is primarily attributable to the costs associated with our increased liquor sales in the year. The cost of
sales we reported in both 2016 and 2015
 however
 are not typical of our expected future results because the product costs in
both years are based on smaller production lots
 and do not reflect the economies of scale that we anticipate as we move into
our new production facility in 2017 and continue to scale our operations.


the cost of products sold from net sales. Cost of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest
portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs. Gross margin is gross profits stated as a percentage
of net sales.


profit (in thousands of dollars) and gross margin in the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



in the year ended December 31
 2016 declined from our gross margin of 49% for the year ended December 31
 2015 primarily due to
higher customer programs and incentives from the national product expansion
 higher raw material costs experienced during the
year and to a lesser extent product mix.


 promotional and selling
expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016 increased to $1
244
152 or approximately 35% from $923
310 for the year ended December
31
 2015. This increase is primarily due to our efforts to expand our product sales nationally.


expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016 increased to $3
881
771
 or approximately 13%
 from $3
450
436 for the year ended
December 31
 2015. This increase is primarily due to increased legal
 accounting
 and professional costs related to our various
financing efforts in 2016
 and higher stock-based compensation expense in 2016.



$901
658 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 compared to $59
548 for the year ended December 31
 2015
 an increase of 1414%.
This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest expense and amortization of debt discounts of $750
010 pertaining to
the 2016 debt financings.


to common shareholders during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $5
251
293 as compared to a loss of $3
601
066 for the year
ended December 31
 2015. Our net loss was primarily attributable to our increased selling
 general and administrative expenses
relating to increased national sales distribution expenses
 as well as increased legal
 accounting and professional costs during
2016
 which amounts were offset by our increased gross profit during the year.



Year Ended December 31
 2016


primary capital requirements are for the financing of inventories
 and cash used in operating activities. Funds for such purposes
have historically not been generated from operations but rather from short-term credit in the form of extended payment terms from
suppliers
 convertible debt and equity financings.


 the Company
has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For the years ended
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 and $3.6 million in 2016 and 2015
 respectively
and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $12.8 million as of December 31
 2016. The Company has been dependent on raising
capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company raised approximately $5.9 million from cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flows used in operating
activities.


 2016
 the Company has approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital
of $1.4 million. The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating
cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to
improve profitability
 reduce headcount
 reduce rent and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2017
 the Company has raised
an additional&nbsp;$967
750 in cash through equity offerings (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events). Also in March 2017
 the Company
acquired a small distillery bottling and production support business (stock purchase transaction) that is expected to improve operating
results (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events). Management believes that cash on hand and the most recent equity raise and acquisition
will be sufficient to meet their operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve months.


cash flow related information for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 follows:


information for the years 2016 and 2015 are as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
954
671
(1
187
778

    
(9
202
(50
076

    
5
910
622
296
881





 the net
loss plus non-cash adjustments used was approximately $4.1 million compared to using $2.7 million in 2015. The increase in cash
usage can be primarily attributed to the larger net loss incurred in 2016 as compared to 2015. Non-cash adjustments in the aggregate
were about $0.2 million higher in 2016. In addition
 a $0.1 million inventory build
 a $0.2 million build in receivables and $0.3
million build in accrued liabilities offset by a $0.8 million decrease in accounts payable in 2016.



    
    



 the inventory
build was $0.3 million offset by build-up of accounts payable of $1.1 million and accrued liabilities of $0.5 million and a reduction
of prepaid expenses and other assets of $0.2 million.




activities consists primarily of purchases of property and equipment. Capital expenditures of $9
202 and $50
076 were incurred
in 2016 and 2015 respectively.





 operating
losses and working capital needs discussed above were met by raising equity financing from preferred stock of $0.4 million
 common
stock of $3.0 million
 proceeds from convertible notes payable of $1.9 million and the proceeds from the exercise of warrants
for $0.7 million offset by the payments on convertible notes payable of $0.1 million.




 2016
 we issued $200
000
of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock to three accredited investors.
The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $200
000. The notes have a 2-year maturity dates and
bear interest at eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase up to 100
000 shares of our common
stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each warrant are equal to the principal
amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a Subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5). The warrants will be exercisable for
three (3) years after the closing date. The proceeds are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes.


 2016 to September 30
 2016
we issued $1
050
000 of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock to six accredited
investors. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $1
050
000. The notes have a 2-year maturity
dates and bear interest at eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase up to 525
000 shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each warrant are equal to
the principal amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a Subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5). The warrants will be
exercisable for three (3) years after the closing date. The proceeds are being used for working capital and general corporate
purposes.



 2016
to November 21
 2016
 we issued $450
000 of principal amount of 8% promissory notes and warrants to purchase shares of its common
stock to accredited investors. The aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of the notes and warrants were $450
000. The notes have
a 2-year maturity date and bear interest at the eight percent (8%) per annum. The notes were issued with warrants to purchase
up to 225
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The number of warrant shares underlying each
warrant are equal to the principal amount of the promissory note subscribed for by a Subscriber multiplied by one-half (0.5).
The warrants will be exercisable for three (3) years after the closing date. The proceeds are being used for working capital and
general corporate purposes.





 2016 to June 22
 2016
we conducted closings for the sale of 2
000
000 units (&ldquo;Common Units&rdquo;) to accredited investors at a price of $1.00
per Common Unit for an aggregate cash purchase price of $2
000
000. Each Common Unit consists of (i) 1 share of our Common Stock
and (ii) one Warrant (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;)
 exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $2.00 per whole share (the &ldquo;Warrant Shares&rdquo;).


000
of the proceeds received to prepay in full that certain 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated May 13
 2016 in the original
principal amount of $219
200. The prepayment amount for this note referred to in our Current Report in Form 8-K dated June 1
2016 was reduced due to the note holder&rsquo;s conversion of principal under this note into shares of our common stock following
receipt of the prepayment notice
 as permitted under the terms of such note. We used approximately $308
975 to prepay in full
that certain 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated May 13
 2016 in the original principal amount of $302
647 and approximately
$130
594 to repay in full the remaining amounts due under that certain 5% Convertible Promissory Note in the original principal
amount of $150
000
 which was paid subsequent to the June quarter end. The remaining proceeds are being used for inventory purchases
and for working capital and general corporate purposes.

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrant
Financing


 2016 to June 17
2016
 we conducted closings for 972 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) to 15 accredited investors and 1 unaccredited investor at a price
of $1
000 per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii)
423 Units were purchased by certain of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units
were purchased in consideration of cancellation of $50
000 of outstanding indebtedness.&nbsp; Each Unit consists of (i) 1 share
of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into shares of our common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;) at a rate of $1.50 per share and (ii) one Warrant
 exercisable for 3-years
 to purchase six hundred sixty-seven
(667) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per whole share. &nbsp;We received gross proceeds of $499
000 from
the sale of the 499 Units for cash. We used $69
528 of these proceeds as payment for non-exclusive placement agent fees to FINRA
registered broker-dealers. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 approximately $25
000 was used to repay outstanding indebtedness under 5%
promissory notes. &nbsp;The remaining proceeds are being used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to fund growth
opportunities.


    
    





 2015
 we issued
and sold a convertible promissory note bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 to WWOD Holdings
LLC
 an accredited investor (&ldquo;WWOD&rdquo;). This note has a maturity date of May 10
 2016 and an original issue discount
of $33
500. Accordingly
 we received gross proceeds of $241
500. After paying the investors expenses
 we received net proceeds
of $239
000
 which proceeds were used for working capital and general corporate purposes. The conversion price for this note is
equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of our common
stock during the 5-trading days prior to conversion. This note contains certain covenants and restrictions including
 among others
that for so long as this note is outstanding we will not incur indebtedness
 permit liens
 pay dividends or dispose of certain
assets. Events of default under the note include
 among others
 failure to pay principal or interest on the note or comply with
certain covenants under the note. The note is secured by all of our assets.


 2016
 we entered into
an Amendment Agreement with WWOD and MR Group I
 LLC (&ldquo;Investor&rdquo;). The Amendment Agreement amends that certain securities
purchase agreement on September 10
 2015 (the &ldquo;Existing SPA&rdquo;)
 with WWOD pursuant to which we issued and sold to WWOD
a convertible promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &ldquo;Initial Note&rdquo;).
The Amendment Agreement amended the Existing SPA to reflect an additional closing under the Existing SPA (as amended by the Amendment
Agreement the &ldquo;Amended SPA&rdquo;) pursuant to which we issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated
April 18
 2016
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &ldquo;Additional Note&rdquo;
 together
with the Initial Note
 the &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;). The Additional Note was issued on April 18
 2016 and has a maturity date of January
18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000; provided
 however
 that in the event that we consummate the additional proposed
$2 million financing with Investor for which we have executed a non-binding term sheet (the &ldquo;Subsequent Placement&rdquo;)
$200
000 of aggregate principal of the Additional Note
 together with any accrued
 and unpaid
 interest then outstanding under
the Additional Note
 shall be applied
 on a dollar-for-dollar basis
 to reduce the purchase price of the Investor in such Subsequent
Placement and upon the closing of such Subsequent Placement and such application
 the remainder of the Additional Note then outstanding
shall be deemed cancelled for no additional consideration. Accordingly
 we received gross proceeds from the Investor of $200
000.
After paying $15
000 of the Investor&rsquo;s expenses in connection with the Amended SPA (with payment of the remaining expenses
deferred)
 we received net proceeds of $185
000
 which is to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. Concurrent
with the SPA
 WWOD contributed the Initial Note to Investor. Following issuance of the Additional Note
 the aggregate principal
amount of Notes issued under the Amended SPA is $575
000
 both of which are now held by the Investor. In connection with the issuance
of the Additional Note
 we entered into an Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement dated April 18
 2016 pursuant to
which the Notes are secured by all of our assets. We have agreed to repay the Additional Note in six installments (&ldquo;Amortization
Payments&rdquo;) at set forth in the Amortization Schedule attached to the Note beginning 30th day after issuance and each 30-days
thereafter. However
 failure to make any Amortization Payment will not be deemed an event of default under the Additional Note.
In addition
 the Additional Note can be prepaid at any time until the date immediately preceding the Maturity Date. The Additional
Note is convertible into common stock at a conversion price is equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price (currently
$8.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of our common stock during the 5-trading days prior to conversion. The Additional
Note contains certain covenants and restrictions including
 restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness
 permit liens
 pay
dividends or dispose of certain assets. Events of default under the note include
 among others
 failure to pay principal or interest
on the note or comply with certain covenants under the note.


 2016
 we entered into
Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with the Investor pursuant to which we (i) issued Investor a 14% secured
convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity
date (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively)
with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May
13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647 with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &ldquo;Second Note&rdquo;
 together
with the Note
 the &ldquo;Exchange Notes&rdquo;) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated
April 18
 2016 in the original principal amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor. In the event that we consummate the additional proposed $2 million
financing with Investor for which we have executed a non-binding term sheet (the &ldquo;Subsequent Placement&rdquo;)
 $200
000
of aggregate principal of the Second Note
 together with any accrued
 and unpaid
 interest then outstanding or any additional
amounts due and payable as a result of an event of default under the Second Note
 shall be applied
 on a dollar-for-dollar basis
to reduce the purchase price of the Investor in such Subsequent Placement and upon the closing of such Subsequent Placement and
such application
 the remainder of the Second Note then outstanding shall be deemed cancelled for no additional consideration.


of the Exchange Notes
 we entered into a Security and Pledge Agreement dated May 13
 2016 pursuant to which the Exchange Notes
are secured by all of our assets. The Exchange Notes can be prepaid at any time until the date immediately preceding their respective
Maturity Dates. The Exchange Notes are convertible into common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) the Fixed
Conversion Price (currently $3.00 for the Note and $8.00 for the Second Note) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of our common
stock during the (i) 5-trading days prior to conversion (for conversions on or before May 22
 2016 or (ii) 10-trading days prior
to conversion (for conversions after May 22
 2016). The Exchange Note contains certain covenants and restrictions including
 restrictions
on our ability to incur indebtedness
 permit liens
 pay dividends or dispose of certain assets. Events of default under the Exchange
Notes include
 among others
 failure to pay principal or interest on the note or comply with certain covenants under the note.
We will be required to repay the Exchange Notes at 133% upon an event of default. We prepaid each of the Exchange Notes in June
2016.


    
    



 2014
 we issued Crystal
Falls Investments
 LLC a demand promissory note in the amount of approximately $150
000
 which note was amended on September 19
2014 to be a 5% convertible promissory note. The amended note bears interest at 5% per annum and had a maturity date of June 13
2015. The amended note may be converted into shares of our common stock at a fixed conversion price of $8.00 per share. This amended
note may be prepaid upon payment of 150% of the outstanding principal amount to the holder. The amended note was further amended
on July 24
 2015 to extend the maturity date to December 13
 2015. Effective December 13
 2015
 this note was further amended
to: (i) provide for partial repayment of the Note ($110
000) following a Qualified Financing; (ii) extend the Maturity Date under
the Note until the earlier of (A) 45-days after the initial closing of a Qualified Financing or (B) April 1
 2016; and (iii) remove
the prepayment provision requiring 150% of the Note upon prepayment. &ldquo;Qualified Financing&rdquo; means either (i) a sale
of our equity securities pursuant to which we received aggregate gross cash proceeds of at least two-hundred fifty thousand dollars
($250
000) or (ii) a credit facility of up to three-million five hundred thousand dollars ($3
500
000) pursuant to which we received
aggregate gross cash proceeds of at least four-hundred thousand dollars ($400
000) upon the initial closing of such facility.
Effective April 1
 2016
 the note was further amended to extend the Maturity Date until May 31
 2016 and provide for installment
payments of the principal amount beginning March 31
 2016 to the May 31
 2016 maturity date. On May 31
 2016
 we received a waiver
from the holder of that certain 5% Convertible Note in the original principal amount of $150
000 with a then stated maturity date
of May 31
 2016. The holder of such note agreed to waive any default resulting from non-payment so long as full payment is received
by holder on or before June 30
 2016 (the &ldquo;Waiver Termination Date&rdquo;). On June 17
 2016
 we entered into an Amendment
No. 1 to Waiver pursuant to which the Waiver Termination Date was extended to July 1
 2016. This note was repaid in full on July
1
 2016.




analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial
statements requires the Company to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by
management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. The more
judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company
bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company&rsquo;s estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn
out to be substantially accurate.




product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four of the following
criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has
occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale).
For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the
consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon
shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the
time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.


online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the
customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice
in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products
and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions
to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50

Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $136
786 and $3
184
in 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




related to shipment of merchandise from Eastside&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control
Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately 46% of consolidated
sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately 32% of consolidated
sales for the year ended December 31
 2015.


    
    





consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an
average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held
by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. Eastside regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records
write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product demand and
production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has
recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




Advertising expense was approximately $297
000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and
is included in advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in the accompanying statements of income.




with the TTB regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. Eastside is subject to periodic compliance
audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates
its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled
$797
435 and $620
862 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




expense all stock-based awards issued to employees in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 718
. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair
value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the
same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates
the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees
are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based
awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are
material.

Item 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K
 we are not required to provide information required by this item.


    
    






Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



Stockholders of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


balance sheets of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the
related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the two years in the period
ended December 31
 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of
its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as
a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.
An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and
Subsidiary as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the two years in the
period ended December 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.



    
    

    
    

San Francisco
 California
    

March 31
 2017
    



    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

December 31
 2016 and 2015



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
088
066
141
317

    
344
955
142
206

    
780
037
683
824

    
187
714
163
506

    
2
400
772
1
130
853


 net
99
216
112
005

    
48
000
49
000

    
2
547
988
1
291
858

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
457
034
1
300
532

    
523
702
563
814

    
2
126
    

    
4
537
4
098

    
    
12
500

    
    
455
958

    
987
399
2
337
629

    
427
756
17
842

    
1
415
155
2
355
471

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.0001 par
    value; 3
000 shares authorized;&nbsp;&nbsp;300 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    (liquidation value of $750
000 at December 31
 2016)
245
838
    


 $0.0001 par value; 45
000
000 shares
    authorized; 7
627
512 and 2
309
750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    

    
13
699
275
6
497
907

    
(12
813
044
(7
561
751

    
1
132
833
(1
063
613

    
2
547
988
1
291
858



part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015



    
    
    

    
3
042
527
2
326
664


 customer programs and incentives
934
221
624
046

    
2
108
306
1
702
618

    
1
280
344
870
390

    
827
962
832
228

    
    
    


 promotional and selling expenses
1
244
152
923
310

    
3
881
771
3
450
436

    
(4
297
961
(3
541
518


 net
    
    

    
(862
468
(112
458

    
    
52
890

    
(39
190
    


 net
(901
658
(59
548

    
(5
199
619
(3
601
066

    
    
    

    
(5
199
619
(3
601
066

    
    
    

    
(51
674
    

    
    
    

    
(5
251
293
(3
601
066

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
741
842
2
287
518




part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary
Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's
(Deficit) Equity
Years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Equity
    (Deficit)

Balance
 January 1
 2015
    
    
2
275
625
    
5
542
566
(3
960
685
1
582
108

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 net of issuance
    costs
    
    
27
792
    
671
972
    
671
975

    
    
    
    
    
140
370
    
140
370

Shares issued for payoff of trade debt
 net
    
    
6
333
    
142
999
    
143
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
601
066
(3
601
066

Balance
 December 31
 2015
    
    
2
309
750
    
6
497
907
(7
561
751
(1
063
613

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance cost of $23
762
 with
    detachable warrants
    
    
2
800
000
    
3
015
958
    
3
016
238

    
    
    
564
781
    
734
159
    
734
216

    
    
    
115
184
    
284
266
    
284
278

Issuance of Series A convertible Preferred stock
 net of issuance
    cost of $69
528
 with detachable warrants
    
756
835
    
    
145
637
    
902
472

    
    
    
63
499
    
374
681
    
374
687

    
    
    
1
230
411
    
1
348
879
    
1
349
002

    
    
    
    
    
506
622
    
506
622

    
    
51
674
    
    
    
(51
674
    

    
    
(17
759
12
802
    
17
758
    
    

    
    
(544
912
531
000
    
544
859
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
228
550
    
228
550

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
199
619
(5
199
619

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
245
838
7
627
512
    
13
699
275
(12
813
044
1
132
833



part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
199
619
(3
601
066

    
    
    

    
21
991
19
277

    
116
750
16
750

    
228
550
    

    
265
065
671
920

    
19
212
142
987

    
374
687
140
370

    
39
200
    

    
    
(52
890

    
    
    

    
(202
749
(4
265

    
(96
213
(306
804


 current assets and deposits
(23
208
155
391

    
(843
498
1
133
166

    
343
762
502
074

    
1
399
(4
688

    
(4
954
671
(1
187
778

    
    
    

    
(9
202
(50
076

    
(9
202
(50
076

    
    
    


 net of issuance costs of $69
528
 with detachable
    warrants
429
572
    


 with detachable warrants - related party
565
000
    


 net of issuance costs of $23
762
 with detachable
    warrants
2
451
238
    

    
(141
904
(4
892

    
295
000
    

    
1
405
000
    


 net of issuance costs
185
000
289
273

    
(12
500
12
500

    
50
000
    

    
684
216
    

    
5
910
622
296
881

    
946
749
(940
973

    
141
317
1
082
290

    
1
088
066
141
317

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
91
237
4
593

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
19
212
    

    
423
000
    

    
50
000
    

    
196
330
    

    
17
759
    


    assets
    
65
625

    
    
142
987

    
169
999
    

    
401
148
    




part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


Description
                                         of Business



 Oregon-based
producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including bourbon
American whiskey
 vodka and rum. As a small business in the large
 international spirits marketplace dominated by massive conglomerates
we rely heavily on our creativity. Our mission is to be an innovator in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits
 for example our Burnside Bourbon and Portland Potato Vodka
 and in creating imaginative spirits that offer an unusual
taste experience
 for example our cold-brewed coffee rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey and Peppermint Bark holiday
liquor. Our strategy is to expand from our local base in the Pacific Northwest by using major spirits distributors
 such as Southern
Glazer Wines and Spirits
 to address the demand for premium and high-end craft spirits. In late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
 and tasked them with reviewing our current
product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
locally and nationally. We also intend to capitalize on our uniqueness as a publicly-traded craft spirit producer
 with access
to the public markets
 to support our growth
 including by making strategic acquisitions.


in 22 states (Oregon
 California
 Washington
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
 New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Rhode Island
 New Hampshire
 Maine
 Idaho
 Vermont and Maryland) as well as Ontario
Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise sales from its
facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and
Trade Bureau (TTB).


 2014
 Eurocan
Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the LLC) pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition
consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate
of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC. Consequently
 for
accounting purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. These
consolidated financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC with one adjustment to retroactively
adjust the legal common stock of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the legal capital of Eurocan prior to the Acquisition.


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
(Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eurocan and constituted
the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant. Eastside and MWWD are collectively referred to herein
as &quot;the Company&quot;.


 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with
MWWD under which substantially all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's
and Mr. Williams' full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary. As a result of the Share Transfer
 the Company recorded a gain of $52
890
 which is included in
other income (expense) in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2015. This gain
is primarily the result of the transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams. The results for the year ended December 31
 2015
referred to in these consolidated financial statements include both the results of Eastside and MWWD (through February 3
 2015).






 the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit
terms
 and equity raisings. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3
and $3.6 million in 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $12.8 million as of December 31
2016. The Company has been dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in
operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised approximately $5.9 million in cash flow from financing
activities to meet cash flow used in operating activities.


 2016
 the Company has approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital
of $1.4 million. The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating
cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to
improve profitability
 reduce headcount
 reduce rent
 reduce professional fees and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
2017
 the Company has raised an additional $967
750 in cash through equity offerings (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events).&nbsp;&nbsp;
Also in March 2017
 the Company acquired a small distillery bottling and production support business (stock purchase transaction)
that is expected to improve operating results (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events). Management believes that cash on hand and the most
recent equity raise and acquisition will be sufficient to meet their operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over
the next twelve months.



Summary
                                         of Significant Accounting Policies


Basis of Presentation and
Consolidation


financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and
its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.




segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating decision makers
 its chief executive
officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources
and evaluating financial performance.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015




statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four of the following criteria
are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred;
(iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s
shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related
merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment
or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other
than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of
sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer
has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives
and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs
these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs
and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with
ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid
to customers totaled $136
786 and $3
184 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Advertising
 Promotional and
Selling Expenses


in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses
for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.




costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and
in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production
costs.




to shipment of merchandise from the Company&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2016 and 2015.




potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor
Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately 46% of
consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately
40% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

Financial Statements

31
 2016 and 2015




 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2016 and December
31
 2015
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value under the &quot;fair value
option&quot; provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities
under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.



or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and 2015. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value
information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade
receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade
receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their
maturities. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed rates and
their carrying value approximates fair value.




of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average
costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain
independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities
on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast
of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory.
The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of
impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015




is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &quot;asset and liability method&quot;
for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the
deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company established valuation allowances
against its net deferred tax assets.


meet the &quot;more-likely-than-not&quot; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that
is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax
benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were
no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued
or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.


tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related
tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.




as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $297
000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




31
 2016 and 2015.




compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to
periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The
Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.
Excise taxes totaled $797
435 and $620
862 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair
value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the
same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates
the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees
are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based
awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




factoring program with certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those customer receivables in
advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining 25%. We are charged
interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored amounts as a liability
until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the year ended December
31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
 2016
 we had factored
invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601 during 2016. Comparatively
during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total proceeds of $74
444. At December
31
 2015
 we had $17
601 in factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $5
867
during 2015.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015




 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standard
Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2016-09

 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting
for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all
leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease
    liability
 which is a lessee&lsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis;
    and




    
    
A right-of-use
    asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the
    lease term.



 lessor
accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the
lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting
for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will
no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU
2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January
1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for
capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.
We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.

May
2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede
virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09
is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most
current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company
will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-14

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&nbsp;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&nbsp;1
2017. The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of
ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
.
The new guidance explicitly requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require
additional detailed disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods
within those annual periods. We have adopted as of December 31
 2016.


 the FASB issued
ASU No.&nbsp;2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory within scope of the standard
at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 will be effective prospectively for
the year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded
that it will not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application is permitted. We have early
adopted as of December 31
 2015.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015




have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2016 presentation with no changes to net loss or total stockholders' equity
(deficit) previously reported.






31:



    
    
    

    
439
739
415
953

    
340
298
248
713

    
    
19
158

    
780
037
683
824



Property
                                         and Equipment



at December 31:



    
    
    

    
70
140
64
288

    
8
607
8
607

    
38
831
38
831

    
34
603
31
253

    
152
181
142
979

    
(52
965
(30
974


 net
99
216
112
005



expense totaled $21
991 and $19
277 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


Notes
                                         Payable



following at December 31:



    
    
    


    The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
16
642
21
940


    at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity and are due at various dates between September 19
 2018 &ndash; October 19
 2018
    and pay interest only on a monthly basis
547
500
    

    
564
142
21
940

    
(4
537
(4
098


    warrant
(131
849
    


 less current portion and debt discount
427
756
17
842



on notes payable as of December 31
 2016
 are as follows:





    
4
537

    
554
915

    
4
690

    
    

    
564
142



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


Convertible
                                         Notes Payable



payable outstanding at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2015
 convertible notes payable consisted of three separate notes:



    

 


000.
    The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was
    further extended to July 1
 2016. The note was convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion
    price of $8.00 per share. On July 1
 2016
 the Company paid the outstanding amount under this Note
 including interest in
    full.
150
000

    
    

Secured Convertible
    promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
 payable in
    six installments (&ldquo;Amortization Payments&rdquo;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30 
    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is convertible at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the
    Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during
    the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life
    of the loan. The Note is secured by all of the Company&rsquo;s assets pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amended and
    Restated Pledge and Security Agreement.(1)
272
708

    
    


    into Company's preferred equity financing on April 4
 2016.
50
000

    

472
708

    
    

    
16
750

    
    

    
455
958







    
    
On April
    14
 2016
 this note (the &ldquo;Initial Note&rdquo;) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (&ldquo;Investor&rdquo;). In addition
    on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest
    at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &ldquo;Additional Note&rdquo;
 together with the Initial Note
 the
    &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000.
    On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the &ldquo;Exchange Agreement&rdquo;) with the Investor pursuant
    to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal
    amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) in exchange for a previously issued 14%
    secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding
    principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii)
    issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647
    with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &ldquo;Second Note&rdquo;
 together with the Note
 the &ldquo;Exchange Notes&rdquo;)
    in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal
    amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016
    maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
    2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company
    paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306
378) in full.



and beneficial conversion feature of the convertible notes totaled $359
688 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016. Amortization
of the debt discount was $16
750 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and was recorded as other expense in the consolidated statement
of operations.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


Income
                                         Taxes



results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
(1
774
361
(1
200
378

    
(344
435
(233
015

    
2
118
795
1
442
900

    
    
(9
507

    
    
    



deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
557
909
1
582
317

    
213
181
61
050

    
3
771
090
1
643
367

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(70
816
(61
888

    
(70
816
(61
888

    
(3
700
274
(1
581
479

    
    
    


At
December 31
 2016
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $3.6 million
 to offset
against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034

the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the
Internal Revenue code of 1986 and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage
aggregate change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &ldquo;Section 382 ownership change&rdquo;)
utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code (and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&rsquo;s stock
at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations
may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.


the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the
realizability of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.


Commitments
                                         and Contingencies





leases its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020. Monthly
lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent
adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


31
 2016
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:




year ending December 31st:
    

    
297
000

    
272
000

    
278
000

    
240
000

    
1
087
000



$416
000 and $384
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




to any material legal proceedings
 however we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary
course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
and divert management resources.


Net
                                         Loss per Common Share



computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 without considering
any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially
dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially
dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares
at December 31
 2016 and 2015. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in
2016 and 2015 are as follows:



    



    
    
    


    (numerator)
(5
251
293
(3
601
066

    
3
741
842
2
287
518


    per common share
    
    



Issuance
                                         of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock





financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 20-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
effected on October 18
 2016.




 2016
 the Company issued
63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $153
996. Additionally
 the Company had $220
691 of
stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees and vested during the year ended December 31
 2016.


 2016
 the Company issued
115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered and trade debt totaling $284
277.


 2016
 the Company issued 800
000 shares
of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800
000 warrants for common stock.


 2016
 the Company issued 564
781 shares
of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734
216.


 the Company issued 886
538 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted of $1
152
499.


 the Company issued 531
000 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of 672 shares of preferred stock.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


 the Company issued
12
802 shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due at June 30
 2016 for its outstanding
Series A Preferred.


 2016 to June 22
 2016
 the Company issued
2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants for common stock
 net of issuance costs of $23
762.


 2016 to June 3
 2016
 the Company issued
343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory note. The aggregate principal amount of this
note that was converted was $196
503.


 the Company entered into management
consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 2
500 shares of common stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services
rendered of $10
500. These shares were issued effective February 18
 2016.


 the Company entered into management
consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 4
500 shares of common stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services
rendered of $17
100. These shares were issued in February 2016.


 the Company entered into a consulting
agreement under which it agreed to issue 5
000 shares of common stock to a consultant for services of $45
000. These shares have
not been issued.


 the Company issued 2
250 shares of
common stock to employees valued at $42
750.


 the Company issued 6
750 shares of
common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $128
250.


 the Company issued 11
250 shares of
common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $479
250.


 the Company issued 1
875 shares of
common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered of $65
625.






000
000 shares
available for issuance with 3
000 shares of Series A authorized as of December 31
 2016.


 2016 to June 17
2016
 the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred&rdquo;) for an aggregate
purchase price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased by certain
of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration of cancellation
of $50
000 of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69
528.


Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (the &ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred accrue dividends at a rate
of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&rsquo;s option either in cash or &ldquo;in
kind&rdquo; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in
which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available therefore. For &lsquo;in-kind&rdquo;
dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such
stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately
preceding a dividend date.


or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii) the total number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii) 2.5.


a vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of
votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total
shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible
multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &ldquo;Total Series A Votes&rdquo;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro
rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
 the holders
of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the Series A Preferred.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015




    
    
    
    
    
    
 shares
    
    

    
    
    
Issued and
    
    
    
 stock
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
000
    
38
932
    
33
333
125
000
2
500


Beneficial conversion
feature


note and determined that a portion of the note should be allocated to additional paid-in capital as a beneficial conversion feature
since the conversion price on the note as of March 10
 2016 was set at a discount to the fair market value of the underlying stock.
As a result
 a discount of $228
550 was attributed to the beneficial conversion feature of the note
 which amount was then amortized
fully during the year ended December 31
 2016.




31
 2016
 the Company issued detachable warrants in connection to common stock
 Series A preferred stock
 and convertible notes
payable to purchase 4
306
915 shares of common stock. The Company has determined the Warrants are classified as equity on the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016. The estimated fair value of the warrants after relative fair value allocation
at issuance was $2
010
502
 based on the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
306
915
    
    
    

    
(1
451
319
    
    
    

    
(315
301
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2016
2
540
295
2.77
                                         years
    
    



Stock-Based
                                         Compensation



 2016
 the Company
adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options
or compensation stock under the Plan is 500
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per share of each stock option
shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
2016
 there were 427
500 options and 53
449 RSU&rsquo;s issued under the Plan outstanding
 with vesting schedules varying between
immediate and three (3) years from the grant date.


 2015
 the Company
adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options
or compensation stock under the 2015 Plan is 150
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise price per share of each stock
option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. At December
31
 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in
the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


 from
time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2016
 there were 50
000 options outstanding
that were not issued under the Plan.


activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is presented below:



    
    
    
    Exercise Price


    December&nbsp;31
 2014
50
000
    

    
82
500
    

    
    
    

    
(22
500
    


    at December 31
 2015
110
000
    

    
427
500
    

    
    
    

    
(16
250
    


    at December 31
 2016
521
250
    

    
    
    


    at December 31
 2016
144
973
    





500 options granted
under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an agreement with the holder.


500 options granted
under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16
250 options were canceled under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan.


of options outstanding at December 31
 2016 was $60
900.


 2016
 there
were 376
277 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $489
230. The unvested options will vest in accordance
with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to 36 months. The aggregate
intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2016 was $60
900. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 103
567 options
vested.


valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options issued to employees
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.
To determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration
the effect of the following:



    
    
Exercise
    price of the option

    
    
Fair value of the Company's common stock on
    the date of grant

    
    
    

    
    
Expected volatility over the expected term of
    the option

    
    
Risk-free interest rate for the expected term
    of the option



assumptions that require management's judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using the simplified method described
in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period. Estimated
volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar entities whose share
prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $0.97. The aggregate grant date fair
value of the 427
500 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $414
383.


December 31
 2016
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $220
691. At December 31
 2016
 the total compensation
cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $234
391
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of approximately 2.08 years.


Related
                                         Party Transactions



31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal credit card. These
related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the balance due to the chief
executive officer was approximately $0 and $27
075
 respectively
 and is included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive officer in the amount of $12
500 at December 31
 2015
that was repaid during fiscal year 2016.


 2016
 the following
officers purchased an aggregate of 423 Units
 with each Unit consisting of 1 share of our Series A Preferred and a 3-year warrant
to purchase 667 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share: (i) the Company&rsquo;s president
and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid salary; (ii) the Company&rsquo;s
chief financial officer purchased 97 Units in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary; (iii) the Company&rsquo;s
chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in consideration of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary and (iv) the
Company&rsquo;s chief branding officer and wife of the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer purchased 83 Units in consideration
of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. On November 4
 2016
 the Company entered into separate agreements with Steven Earles
Steven Shum
 Carrie Earles and Martin Kunkel pursuant to which each of such individuals agreed to convert an aggregate of 423
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the Conversion Price into an aggregate of 282
000 shares of Common Stock.


2016
 pursuant to subscription agreements
 the following securities were purchased by Mr. Wickersham
 our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer
 or by entities he controls or with whom he has a material relationship:


Mr.
                                         Wickersham
 in his capacity as trustee of The Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit
                                         Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;)
 purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 250
000
                                         units
 each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock purchase
                                         warrant (the &ldquo;Warrants
 and collectively with the Common Stock
 the &ldquo;Common
                                         Stock Units&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase
                                         price of $250
000. The exercise price of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30
                                         in December 2016
 at which time 130
769 warrants were exercised.


Mr.
                                         Wickersham directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 100
000 Common Stock
                                         Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit for a total purchase price of
                                         $100
000. In December 2016
 Mr. Wickersham transferred and/or voluntarily cancelled 33
653
                                         of his warrants.


Mr.
                                         Wickersham
 in his capacity as trustee of an education trust established for the benefit
                                         of an unrelated minor (&ldquo;Education Trust&rdquo;) purchased in a private placement
                                         50
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Unit
 for a total purchase
                                         price of $50
000. The exercise price of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30
                                         in December 2016
 at which time 25
000 of the warrants were exercised.


Mr.
                                         Wickersham
 in his capacity as trustee of the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable
                                         Trust (the &ldquo;Irrevocable Trust&rdquo;) purchased in a private placement 200
000
                                         Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase
                                         price of $200
000.


In
                                         June 2016
 the PSP purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of
                                         8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration of $50
000
                                         along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.00 per
                                         share. In July 2016
 the PSP purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration
                                         of $120
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 60
000 shares of common stock at an exercise
                                         price of $2.00 per share.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015


In
                                         June 2016
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the
                                         &ldquo;CRUT&rdquo;) purchased a Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $50
000
                                         along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
                                         $2.00 per share. In November 2016
 the CRUT purchased an additional Promissory Note for
                                         aggregate consideration of $75
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 37
500 shares of
                                         common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The exercise price of the warrants
                                         was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time the warrants were exercised.


 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement
 Michael M. Fleming
 one of our directors
 purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 25
000 Units at a purchase
price of $1.00 per Unit
 each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock
at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25
000.


 2016
 an entity
for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory notes and received 3-year warrants
to purchase 75
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share.


Subsequent
                                         Events



 2017 through
February 16
 2017
 the Company received additional warrant exercises and subscription documents totaling $217
750 for 167
500
shares issued.


 2017
 Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) received a written letter of resignation from Steven Earles stating that he has resigned
effective immediately
 from his position as President and a director of the Company. Mr. Earles did not sit on any committees
of the Board of Directors. His resignation from all positions with the Company was not because of any disagreements with the Company
on matters relating to its operations
 policies and practices. In connection with his resignation
 Mr. Earles has agreed to continue
working with the Company in a consultant capacity for the foreseeable future. The vacancy on the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
resulting from Mr. Earles&rsquo; resignation will remain vacant until such time as a new director is identified and appointed.
Similarly
 the Company has not yet appointed a new President. Grover T. Wickersham continues to serve as the Company&rsquo;s Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and
 until such time as a new President is appointed
 he will assume the functions
of that office.


 2017
 the Company
filed an S-1 registration statement for the proposed sale common stock of up to $6.9 million.


 2017 we entered
into a Lease Termination Agreement with PJM BLDG. II LLC (the &ldquo;Termination Agreement&rdquo;)
 the landlord of our current
headquarters and production facilities located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon. The Termination Agreement
provides that the original lease agreement dated July 17
 2014 (the &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;) will terminate on June 30
 2017 rather
than October 30
 2020.


 2017
 the Company entered into a Commercial Sublease Agreement (the &ldquo;Sublease&rdquo;)
dated February 1
 2017 with MotherLode
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;). Under the Sublease
the Company has agreed to sublease from MotherLode a total of 5
000 square feet of Motherlode&rsquo;s facility located at 2150
SE Hanna Harvester Drive
 Milwaukie
 OR 97222 (the &ldquo;Premises&rdquo;) for $5
000 per month from February 1
 2017 through December
31
 2018. Under the Sublease
 the Company is permitted to use the subleased Premises for its distillery operations
 including
without limitation
 blending
 bottling and warehousing. The sublease facilities will be used as the new production facilities upon
completion of the tenant improvements. Under the terms of the Sublease
 the parties will enter into an addendum to the Sublease
within 120 days of the effective date of the Sublease that will describe the tenant improvements to be constructed
 any construction
requirements and MotherLode&rsquo;s approval of such tenant improvements. In the event the parties are unable to agree on tenant
improvement issues within the stated period
 the Company may terminate the Sublease.


 2017
 the Company
completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 a Portland
 Oregon based provider of bottling
services and production support to craft distilleries. Since its founding in 2014 by Allen Barteld
 the mission of MotherLode
has been to enable craft distillers to increase their production and extend their product lines
 reducing cost and increasing
efficiency
 thereby freeing them to focus on their craft. The typical MotherLode customer is a distillery of small batch
 hand-crafted
spirits
 or a premium craft spirit sold as a private label. We plan to relocate much of our own operations to MotherLode&rsquo;s
facility and jointly expand both companies manufacturing resources. Plans are in place for a pneumatic bottling line
 allowing
for a five times increase in bottling rate
 and large volume spirit handling capability. The Company believes the MotherLode operations
will be immediately accretive to earnings. In addition to bottling services for distillers and other producers of spirits
 MotherLode
bottles &quot;private label&quot; craft spirits for customers who have on-premise or off-premise licenses including retail and
liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants
 events
 and businesses who want to take advantage of the benefits that come from having their
brand clearly printed on a label. MotherLode&rsquo;s premium craft spirits can also be private labeled for corporate gifts
 wedding
birthdays and other personal events. We believe that MotherLode can help with new product development and the implementation of
Eastside's spirits branding initiatives in concert with our Portland-based spirits branding firm
 Sandstorm Partners. We issued
260
000 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition. Based on the closing share price
of our common stock of $1.45 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000 which is approximately equal to the revenues
of MotherLode in 2016. Additionally
 Eastside entered into a three-year employment agreement with Allen Barteld and issued standard
employee stock options
 with vesting over five years. The terms of the acquisition and Mr. Barteld&rsquo;s employment are more
fully set forth in the Form 8-K filed on March 14
 2017.


 2017
 the Company
issued 576
923 shares of its common stock for $750
000
 including 576
923 warrants for common stock. This represented an initial
closing of the Company&rsquo;s private offering as filed in the Form 8-K on March 27
 2017.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2016 and 2015



Selected Quarterly
                                         Consolidated Financial Data (unaudited)



unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the four quarters of the years ended December 31
 2016
and 2015. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual information presented elsewhere
herein and
 in the Company&rsquo;s opinion
 includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring entries) necessary for
a fair statement of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative
of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company&rsquo;s
and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.



    
    

    









    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
463
474
504
311
607
847
532
674

    
207
305
236
095
236
993
147
569

    
(1
014
679
(1
309
500
(1
436
449
(1
438
991

    
    
    
    
    




    
    

    









    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
325
070
304
414
352
081
721
053

    
107
208
146
763
184
557
393
700

    
(831
018
(688
060
(1
412
612
(669
376

    
    
    
    
    




    
    



Item 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.





Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the
Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective in alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in the Company&rsquo;s
reports filed with or submitted to the SEC.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing
similar functions
 and effected by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that:



    
    
pertain
    to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
    the Company&rsquo;s assets;




    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and the Board of Directors; and




    
    
provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31
 2016
 issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based on its assessment
 the Company
believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is effective based
on those criteria.


does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an
audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit
us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




following the Signatures section of this report there are Certifications of our CEO and CFO. The Certifications are required in
accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item of this report is the
information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction
with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.




 2016
our 5% convertible note with Crystal Falls Investments
 LLC was further amended to extend the maturity date thereunder to May
31
 2016 and to provide for installment payments on the principal amount on such note as follows: $25
000 on April 5
 2016; $35
000
on April 29
 2016; $40
000 on May 16
 2016 and $50
000 on May 31
 2016. Failure to make the installment payments on the prescribed
due dates will constitute an event of default under such note.


    
    



 2016
 the Board approved
an incentive stock option grant under the 2016 Plan totaling 60
000 shares with an exercise price of $1.60
 on a post-reverse
split basis
 to Steven Shum
 our Chief Financial Officer.


 2016
 the Board approved
a non-qualified option grant under the 2016 Plan totaling 35
000 shares with an exercise price of $1.80
 on a post-reverse split
basis
 to each of the Company's independent directors
 Grover Wickersham
 Trent Davis
 Michael Fleming
 and Lawrence Hirson.


 2016
 the Board approved
a restricted stock unit (RSU) grant under the 2016 Plan totaling 55
556 shares to S. Jay Harkins
 director and SVP of Sales.&nbsp;
Of the total number of shares subject to the RSU
 27
778 shares vested immediately
 and 13
889 were scheduled to vest on January
1
 2017
 with the remaining 13
889 shares vesting on April 1
 2017.&nbsp; Mr. Harkins resigned from the Company effective November
8
 2016
 and the 27
778 unvested shares subject to the RSU were automatically forfeited subject to the terms of the agreement
governing the RSU.


    
    




Item 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


of the principal occupation and recent business experience of each of our executive officers and directors and their ages as of
March 31
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
    Board

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Executive Vice President Operations and Master
    Distiller








committee.


consists of three members. All directors hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until their earlier
death
 resignation
 disqualification
 or removal. Board vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase
in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office
 even if less than a quorum
or by a sole remaining director. Our board may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution.


appointed by the board and serve at the board&rsquo;s discretion.


among our officers or directors.



 was appointed
to our Board of Directors and as our chairman in July 2016
 and as our chief executive officer in November 2016. Mr. Wickersham
currently serves on the boards of directors of S&amp;W Seed Company
 a NASDAQ-traded agricultural company; Verseon Corporation
a London AIM-listed pharmaceutical development company; Arbor Vita Corporation
 a private company that has developed a test for
cervical cancer; and SenesTech
 Inc.
 a private company that has developed proprietary technology for managing animal pest populations
through fertility control. Mr. Wickersham has been a director and portfolio advisor of Glenbrook Capital Management
 the general
partner of a partnership that invests primarily in the securities of public companies
 from 1996 to the present. For more than
five years
 Mr. Wickersham has served as the chairman of the board of trustees of Purisima Fund
 a mutual fund advised by Fisher
Investments of Woodside
 California
 which fund has assets under management of approximately $375 million. Between 1976 and 1981
Mr. Wickersham served as a staff attorney
 and then as a branch chief
 of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).
He holds a B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley
 an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a J.D. from University
of California
 Hastings College of Law. We believe that Mr. Wickersham is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors
because of his experience and knowledge of corporate finance and legal matters
 his experience and knowledge of operational matters
gained as a past and present director of other public and private companies
 and his knowledge of our company.

 has served as
our chief financial officer since October 2015. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Shum served as an officer and director of XZERES Corp
from October 2008 until April 2015
 a publicly-traded global renewable energy company
 in various officer roles
 including chief
operating officer from September 2014 until April 2015
 chief financial officer
 principal accounting officer and secretary from
April 2010 until September 2014 (under former name
 Cascade Wind Corp) and chief executive officer and president from October
2008 to August 2010. Mr. Shum also serves as the managing principal of Core Fund Management
 LP and the Fund Manager of Core Fund
LP. He was a founder of Revere Data LLC (now part of Factset Research Systems
 Inc.) and served as its executive vice president
for four years
 heading up the product development efforts and contributing to operations
 business development
 and sales. He
spent six years as an investment research analyst and portfolio manager of D.N.B. Capital Management
 Inc. His previous employers
include Red Chip Review and Laughlin Group of Companies. He earned a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in General Management from Portland
State University in 1992.

 has served
as our master distiller since June 2012. In November 2016
 she was appointed our Executive Vice President Operations. We believe
Ms. Heim is the first master distiller and blender west of the Mississippi River. Prior to joining our company
 she apprenticed
at and then served as head distiller at Rogue Distillery and Public House in Portland&rsquo;s Pearl District
 holding the latter
position from 2008 to 2010. Also
 Ms. Heim co-founded and served as president of the Clear Boots Society
 an organization that
supports women&rsquo;s leadership in the spirits industry. Ms. Heim studied Liberal Arts with emphasis on English at the University
of Oregon.


    
    




 was appointed
to our Board of Directors in August 2016. Mr. Davis is currently President and COO of Whitestone Investment Network
 Inc.
 which
specializes in providing executive advisory services to small entrepreneurial companies
 as well as restructuring
 recapitalizing
and making strategic investments in small to midsize companies. Mr. Davis is also currently Lead Director
 Chairman of the Nominating
and Governance and Special Investments Committees and is a Member of the Audit and Compensation Committees of Dataram Corporation
(Nasdaq: DRAM)
 which develops
 manufactures
 and markets memory products primarily used in enterprise servers and workstations
worldwide. Previously
 from December 2014 to July 2015
 Mr. Davis was Chairman of the Board for Majesco Entertainment Company
(Nasdaq: COOL)
 which is an innovative developer
 marketer
 publisher
 and distributor of interactive entertainment for consumers
around the world.&nbsp; From November 2013 until July 2014
 Mr. Davis served as the President and a Director of Paulson Capital
Corp. (Nasdaq: PLCC)&nbsp;until he successfully completed the reverse merger of Paulson with VBI Vaccines
 (Nasdaq: VBIV). He
went on to serve as a Member of its Board of Directors and Audit Committee until May 2016. Mr. Davis was also the Chief Executive
Officer of Paulson Investment Company. Inc.
 a subsidiary of Paulson Capital Corp
 from July 2005 until October 2014
 where he
supervised all operations and over 200 investment representatives overseeing $1.5 billion in client assets. Prior to that
 commencing
in 1996
 Mr. Davis served as Senior Vice President of Syndicate and National Sales of Paulson Investment Company
 Inc.&nbsp; He
has extensive experience in capital markets and brokerage operations and is credited with overseeing the syndication of approximately
$600 million for over 50 client companies in both public and private transactions. In 2003
 Mr. Davis served as a Chairman of
the Board of the National Investment Banking Association. Mr. Davis holds a B.S. in Business and Economics from Linfield College
and an M.B.A. from the University of Portland and held the following FINRA Licenses: Series 7
 24
 63
 66
 and 79. &nbsp;Mr. Davis
is qualified to serve on the Board because of his deep knowledge of finance and public company issues
 capital market
 advisory
and entrepreneurial experiences
 and extensive expertise in operational and executive management.

 was
appointed to our Board of Directors in August 2016. Mr. Fleming is currently an attorney with the law firm Ryan
 Swanson &amp;
Cleveland
 PLLC specializing in real estate
 dispute resolution
 securities and environmental matters. Mr. Fleming previously
was an attorney with the law firm of Lane Powell PC from 2000 to 2013. Mr. Fleming is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Jones Soda Co.
 a publicly traded premium beverage company. Mr. Fleming also serves on the Board of Directors of S&amp;W Seed
Co.
 a publicly traded agricultural products company
 where he serves as
 Lead Independent Director
 Chairman of the Audit Committee
and as a member of the Compensation committee. Mr. Fleming has served on the Board of Directors of Big Brothers and Big Sisters
of Puget Sound since 2002 and was Chairman of the Board of Directors for 2008/2009. He has also been the President and owner of
Kidcentre
 Inc.
 a company in the business of providing child care services in downtown Seattle
 Washington
 since 1988. Since
1985
 he has also been the President and owner of Fleming Investment Co.
 an investment company. Mr. Fleming holds a Bachelor
of Arts degree from University of Washington and a law degree from the University of California
 Hastings College of the Law.
We believe Mr. Fleming is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience serving on public company boards
as president and owner of two businesses as well as his legal expertise in matters of business and securities law.




or executive officers has
 during the past ten years:



    
    
has had any bankruptcy petition
    filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy
    or within two years prior to that time;




    
    
been convicted in a criminal
    proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);




    
    
been subject to any order
    judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
    or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
    commodities or banking activities;




    
    
been found by a court of
    competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
    to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;




    
    
been subject or a party to
    or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.









established the following standing committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. The Board of Directors determined that establishing standing audit
 compensation
 and nominating and corporate governance
committees is an important element of sound corporate governance.


    
    





of our independent public accounts
 review our audited financial statements
 meet with our independent public accounts to review
internal controls and review our financial plans. Our audit committee currently consists of Michael Fleming
 who is the chair
of the committee
 and Trent Davis
 each of whom has been determined by our board of directors to be independent in accordance
with OTCQX and SEC standards. Mr. Fleming is an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; as the term is defined under SEC
regulations. The audit committee operates under a written charter which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website. Both our
independent registered accounting firm and internal financial personnel will regularly meet with our audit committee and have
unrestricted access to the audit committee.




and recommend policies
 practices and procedures relating to compensation for our directors
 officers and other employees and
advising and consulting with our officers regarding managerial personnel and development. Our compensation committee currently
consists of Trent Davis
 who is the chair of the committee
 Michael Fleming and Lawrence Hirson
 each of whom has been determined
by our board of directors to be independent in accordance with OTCQX standards. Each member of our compensation committee is also
a non-employee director
 as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 and an outside director
 as defined
pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. The compensation committee operates under a written
charter which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website. The compensation committee has not yet established processes and procedures
for the consideration and determination of executive and director compensation
 except as set forth in the compensation committee
charter.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee


committee will evaluate the composition
 size and governance of our Board of Directors and its committees
 evaluating and recommending
candidates for election to our Board of Directors
 establishing a policy for considering stockholder nominees and reviewing our
corporate governance principles and providing recommendations to the Board of Directors. Our nominating and corporate governance
committee currently consists of Grover Wickersham
 who is the chair of the committee
 Michael Fleming and Trent Davis
 each of
whom has been determined by our board of directors to be independent in accordance with OTCQX standards. The nominating and corporate
governance committee operates under a written charter which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website.




nominees by first considering those current members of the Board of Directors who are willing to continue in service. Current
members of the Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue
in service are considered for re-nomination
 balancing the value of continuity of service by existing members of the Board of
Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service
if the Board of Directors decides not to re-nominate a member for reelection
 if the Board decided to fill a director position
that is currently vacant or if the Board of Directors decides to recommend that the size of the Board of Directors be increased
the Board of Directors identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria described above.
Current members of the Board of Directors and management are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the Board of Directors&rsquo;
criteria. Research may also be performed to identify qualified individuals. Nominees for director are selected by a majority of
the members of the Board of Directors
 with any current directors who may be nominees themselves abstaining from any vote relating
to their own nomination.


for persons to be nominated for director that are submitted by stockholders in accordance with our bylaws. The Board of Directors
will evaluate stockholder suggestions for director nominees in the same manner as it evaluates suggestions for director nominees
made by management
 then-current directors or other appropriate sources. Stockholders suggesting persons as director nominees
should send information about a proposed nominee to our Secretary at our principal executive offices as referenced above at least
120 days before the anniversary of the mailing date of the prior year&rsquo;s proxy statement. This information should be in writing
and should include a signed statement by the proposed nominee that he or she is willing to serve as a director of Eastside Distilling
Inc.
 a description of the proposed nominee&rsquo;s relationship to the stockholder and any information that the stockholder feels
will fully inform the Board of Directors about the proposed nominee and his or her qualifications. The Board of Directors may
request further information from the proposed nominee and the stockholder making the recommendation. In addition
 a stockholder
may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at our annual meeting of stockholders
 in accordance with our bylaws.


 the Board of Directors delegated
the following responsibilities to the nominating and corporate governance committee: evaluating the composition
 size and governance
of our Board of Directors and its committees
 evaluating and recommending candidates for election to our Board of Directors
 establishing
a policy for considering stockholder nominees
 and other duties related to director nominations and corporate governance matters.




communications to the Board of Directors by sending a certified or registered letter to the Chairman of the Board
 care of the
Secretary
 at our main business address set forth above. Communications that are threatening
 illegal
 or similarly inappropriate
and advertisements
 solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions
 and other similar communications will generally not be
forwarded to the Chairman.


    
    


Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance


our officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 and Form 5. Officers
 directors and greater-than-ten-percent
stockholders are required by Commission regulations to furnish to us copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely
on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from certain reporting persons
 we believe
that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers
 directors
 and greater-than-10% beneficial owners were
met during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016.




sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016
and 2015.




    

    Table

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
35
000
    
353
                                         35
000


 Chief Executive Officer
 Director (From November 2016)
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
183
942
    
63
600
    
247
542


 (Since October 1
 2015)
    
48
750
    
198
050
    
246
800

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
180
673
    
    
30
000
210
673


 Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
 Director&nbsp;(From October
    31
 2014 to January 2017)
    
152
083
    
    
    
152
083

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
70
000
    
    
    
70
000


 Secretary&nbsp;and&nbsp;Director (From
    January 13
 2015 to November 2016)
    
63
333
    
192
000
    
255
333

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014 to February 26
 2015)
    
71
500
    
    
    
71
500







    
    
Amounts reflect the aggregate
    grant date fair value of the 35
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of grant ($1.80 per share)
    without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value
    realized by the named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Wickersham vest monthly over a 6-month period.

    
    
$48
750 and $48
250 for 2015 and 2016 respectively
    was converted into Preferred stock.

    
    
Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair
    value of the 60
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of grant ($1.60 per share) without regards
    to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the
    named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Shum vest quarterly over a 3-year period.

    
    
Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair
    value of the 42
500 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of grant ($9.00 per share) without regards
    to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the
    named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Shum vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following
    date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year
    following date of grant (3/48th/month).

    
    
$119
519 and $65
481 for 2015 and 2016 respectively
    was converted into Preferred stock.

    
    
Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair
    value of 16
216 restricted stock units on the date of grant ($1.85 per share) without regards to forfeitures

    
    
$42
500 and $16
000 for 2015 and 2016 respectively
    was converted into Preferred stock.

    
    
Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair
    value of the 200
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of grant ($1.85 per share) without regards
    to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the
    named executive officer. The options issued to Mr. Kunkel vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following
    date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year
    following date of grant (3/48th/month).

    
    
$10
500 accrued
    not paid during the period.



    
    









sets forth information concerning the number of shares of common stock underlying restricted stock awards and stock options granted
to the Named Executive Officers in the year ended December 31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Awards
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000
    
63
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
16
216
    
    
30
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
96
000







    
    
Represents the grant date
    fair value of each equity award calculated in accordance with FAS 123R

    
    
    

    
    
RSU&rsquo;s vest in four equal installments
    with 25% vesting on the grant date and 25% vesting on each of January 1
 2017
 April 1
 2017 and July 1
 2017

    
    
    


Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End


equity awards made to each of the Named Executive Officers that are outstanding as of December 31
 2016.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    Underlying
    
    Underlying
    
    Price ($)
    
    
    or&nbsp;Units
    of&nbsp;Stock&nbsp;That
    
    of Shares or

    
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
5
000
55
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
625
31
875
    
    
    
    







    
    
Options vest monthly over
    a six month period.

    
    
    

    
    
Options vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting
    in the first year following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first 6- months and 1/24th per month and 75%
    vesting in the second year following date of grant (3/48th/month).







    
    





agreements with each of Steven Shum and Melissa Heim. Descriptions of the material terms of each agreement are set forth below.




 2015
we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Shum. The agreement has an initial term ending on October 5
 2018 and provides
for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $195
000 per year. Mr. Shum is eligible to receive an annual bonus
of at the discretion of the Board of Directors.&nbsp; In addition
 Mr. Shum received an option to purchase 42
500 shares of our
common stock.&nbsp; This option has a five-year term and vests as described above.


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits; (iv)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (v) a severance payment equal to six months of base salary upon termination without
cause (as defined in the agreement).


4
 2016
 the Company entered into a First Amendment to Employment Agreement (the &ldquo;Shum Amendment&rdquo;) with Steven Shum
the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer. Under the Shum Amendment
 Mr. Shum&rsquo;s base salary was decreased to $135
000
per annum. In addition
 Mr. Shum is entitled to quarterly bonuses based on individual and Company performance at the discretion
of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors as well as quarterly bonuses based on the achievement by the Company of certain quarterly
EBITDA targets. The Company agreed to pay Mr. Shum $4
250 for accrued and unpaid salary
 which shall be paid on the earlier of
a qualified equity financing by the Company or six months from the effective date of the Shum Amendment. The Company also agreed
to indemnify Mr. Shum to the fullest extent allowed by the Articles
 the Bylaws
 and applicable law
 and notwithstanding Section
7.14 of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 the rights granted pursuant to the Shum Amendment
shall apply to acts and actions occurring since October 31
 2014.




 2015
we entered into an employment agreement with Melissa Heim to serve as Master Distiller.&nbsp; The agreement is for an initial
term ending on February 27
 2020 and provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $40
000 per year
Ms. Heim is eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; In addition
 Ms. Heim received an
option to purchase 25
000 shares of our common stock.&nbsp; This option has a 5 year term and the securities issued thereunder
will be vest over 2-years with 25% vesting in the first year and 75% vesting in the second year provided
 however
 that the options
will not begin vesting until 6-months after the date of grant


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits and
(iii) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms.


 2016
the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Melissa Heim as the Company&rsquo;s Executive Vice President of Operations and
agreed to increase her base salary to $85
000 per year. Ms. Heim will continue to also serve as the Company&rsquo;s Master Distiller.




Mr. Shum&rsquo;s employment agreement
 he is entitled to a severance payment of six (6) month&rsquo;s salary at the then-applicable
base salary rate in the event that we terminate their employment without cause.


sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to Mr. Shum upon termination without cause.
The potential payments are based on the terms of the Employment Agreement discussed above. For a more detailed description of
the particular Employment Agreement
 see the &ldquo;Employment Agreements&rdquo; section above.



    
    
    Without Cause&nbsp;(1)

    
67
500







    
    
Employee entitled to six
    months&rsquo; severance at the then applicable base salary rate.

    
    
Based on Mr. Shum&rsquo;s current annual base
    salary of $135
000.





 2016
the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan of 35
000 shares
of common stock with an exercise price of $1.80 (each on a post-reverse split basis) to each of our non-employee directors as
of that date
 Messrs. Davis
 Fleming
 Hirson and Wickersham. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attending board of director and any committee meetings
 provided that we have the resources
to pay these expenses. Currently
 directors receive no other compensation for their services on our Board.


    
    





code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees
 officers and directors. We will provide to any person
without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics. Requests may be directed to our principal executive
offices at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Also
 a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics
is available on our website
 and a copy is filed as Exhibit 14 to our Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on February 11
 2015.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth information as of March 31
 2017 as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive officers and
directors and of all of our officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of March 31
 2017
 we had 8
925
935 shares of common
stock outstanding.


is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we
believe that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock
shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder.


or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Registration Statement are considered
outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
198
746
    
    


 LLC (5)
1
100
000
    
    

    
829
833
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
371
092
    
    

    
85
000
    
    

    
35
000
    
    

    
21
882
    
    

    
81
625
    
    

    
1
559
599
    
    







    
    
Unless
    otherwise noted
 the address is c/o Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.

    
    
Based on 8
925
935 shares of common stock and 50 shares of series A preferred stock outstanding as of the
date of this report. Also includes shares issuable exercise of outstanding options and warrants

    
    
Percentage of Total Voting Power is based on 9
009
268 votes and includes voting rights attached to all Common
Shares Outstanding and all shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding which are entitled to vote with the common holders. Holders
of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of
Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series
A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 for a total of 83
333 votes
 with
each holder of Series A Preferred entitled to vote its pro rata portion such total. The total voting power excludes shares issuable
upon exercise of options and warrants. each of which can be converted into Common Shares of the Company but do not contain voting
rights until converted into common stock.

    
    
The address is 430
    Cambridge Avenue
 Suite #100
 Palo Alto
 CA 94306

    
    
The address is 3
    Corporate Park Drive
 #220
 Irvine
 CA 92606

    
    
Includes 575
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants

    
    
The address is 20
    Calais Circle Drive
 Rancho Mirage
 CA 92270



    
    




    
    
Includes
    common stock held by Mr. Earles&rsquo; wife

    
    
Includes (i) 430
193
    shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants and (ii) 35
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
    stock options

    
    
Includes (i) 25
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants and (ii) 35
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
    options issued

    
    
Includes 35
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options issued.

    
    
Includes 1
667 shares
    of common stock issuable upon exercise of options issued.

    
    
Includes 15
625
    shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options issued.





description of transactions since January 1
 2016 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent
(1%) of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person has
or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity and other compensation
 termination and other arrangements
which are described above under the headings &ldquo;Compensation of Directors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 there are no proposed transactions as described in the foregoing sentence.


 2016
 Mr. Earles purchased
185 units in an offering of units consisting of shares of our series A convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase common
stock (our &ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering&rdquo;) in consideration of $185
000 in accrued and unpaid
salary. Each unit consisted of one share of series A convertible preferred stock and one warrant to purchase 333 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. Steven Shum
 our chief financial officer
 purchased 97 Units in the Series A Preferred
Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $97
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Martin Kunkel
 our former chief marketing
officer
 director and secretary
 purchased 58 Units in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration
of $58
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. Carrie Earles
 our chief branding officer and wife of Steven Earles
 purchased 83 Units
in the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrant Unit Offering in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. These issuances
were unanimously approved by our Board of Directors
 including all disinterested directors.


 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement executed by the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;) for which Mr. Wickersham
serves as trustee
 the PSP purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 250
000 units
 each unit consisting of one share of
common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (the &ldquo;Warrants
 and collectively with the Common Stock
 the &ldquo;Common
Stock Units&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement executed by Grover T. Wickersham
 Mr. Wickersham directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 115
000 Common
Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit for a total purchase price of $115
000. On December 30
 Mr. Wickersham
assigned 74
038 of his warrants to a related and un-related party.


 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement executed by an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated minor for which Mr. Wickersham serves as
trustee (&ldquo;Education Trust&rdquo;)
 the Education Trust purchased in a private placement 50
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase
price of $1.00 per Unit
 for a total purchase price of $50
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement executed by the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust for which Mr. Wickersham serves as trustee (the &ldquo;Irrevocable
Trust&rdquo;)
 the Irrevocable Trust purchased in a private placement 200
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00
per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $200
000.


 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription
Agreement
 Mr. Fleming directly purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 25
000 Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per
Unit
 each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price
of $2.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25
000.


 2016
 the PSP purchased from
us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration
of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.00 per share. On July 7
 2016
 the
PSP purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 60
000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. On December 30 2016
 the PSP exercised 130
769 warrants at a price of
$1.30 per share.


 2016
 the Grover T. and Jill
Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $50
000
along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. On November 21
 the Trust
purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $75
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 37
500 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. On December 31
 2016 the Trust exercised its 62
500 warrants along with
an additional 33
653 warrants assigned from Mr. Wickersham all at a price of $1.30 in exchange for eliminating the outstanding
note principal.


 2016
 an entity for which
Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory notes and received 3-year warrants to purchase
75
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share.


    
    



foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 it is our current
policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions
are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation
as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party
transactions on an ongoing basis
 and
 where appropriate
 we will utilize our audit committee for the review of potential conflicts
of interest.




has determined that Trent Davis and Michael Fleming are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined under the standards set forth in
Section 121A of the American Stock Exchange Company Guide.&nbsp;&nbsp;In making this determination
 the Board of Directors considered
all transactions set forth under &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo; above.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES.




$60
000 in fees for our 2016 annual audit and $37
800 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in 2016. BPM
LLP billed us $52
500 in fees for our 2015 annual audit and $37
800 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements
in 2015.




LLP for assurance and related services of $0 and $35
000 related to other SEC filings in 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




2016 and 2015
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by BPM LLP were $0.




pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures
 our audit
committee pre-approves all services to be provided by BPM LLP and the estimated fees related to these services.


 audit related
and tax services were pre-approved by the audit committee
 which concluded that the provision of such services by BPM LLP was
compatible with the maintenance of that firm&rsquo;s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. Our pre-approval policies
and procedures provide for the audit committee&rsquo;s pre-approval of specifically described audit
 audit-related
 and tax services
on an annual basis
 but individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds must be separately approved. The
policies and procedures also require specific approval by the audit committee if total fees for audit-related and tax services
would exceed total fees for audit services in any fiscal year. The policies and procedures authorize the audit committee to delegate
to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services.









Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
    of the Registrant
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November
    14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate of Designation
    &ndash; Series A Preferred Stock
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9
    2016 and filed on March 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amendment to Certificate
    of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    dated June 1
 2016 and filed on June 9
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate of Change
    filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6
 2016 and filed on October 11
 2016
    and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended and Restated
    Bylaws of the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File
    No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended and Restated
    Bylaws of the Registrant
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
    dated October 13
 2016 and filed on October 19
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Eastside Distilling
    Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreement thereunder
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly
    Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement
    dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.



    
    




    
    
First
    Amendment to Employment Agreement (Steven Earles)
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form
    10Q for the period ended June 30
 2015 filed on August 14
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Second Amendment
    to Employment Agreement dated November 4
 2016 between Steven Earles and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4
 2016 and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement
    dated October 5
 2015 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K dated October 5
 2015 and filed on October 6
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
First Amendment
    to Employment Agreement
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4
 2016
    and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement
    dated February 27
 2015 between Melissa Heim and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Form S-1
    filed on February 1
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease Agreement
    dated July 17
 2014 between PJM Bldg. II LLC and Eastside Distilling LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease Agreement
    with Oregon City Building Limited Partnership
 filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033)
    filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Specialty Lease
    Agreement dated January 20
 2015 between RPR Washington Square LLC and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
License Agreement
    dated October 10
 2014 between Clackamas Town Center and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Non-Exclusive Consulting
    Agreement with Rinvest Securities
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
    year ended December 31
 2014 and filed on March 31
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Registration Rights
    Agreement
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 30
 2016 and filed on
    January 6
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Code of Ethics
    filed as Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated
    by reference herein.

    
    
Consent
    of BPM LLP (1)

    
    
Certification of
    Steven Earles&nbsp;&nbsp;pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). (1)

    
    
Certification of
    Steven Shum&nbsp;&nbsp;pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). (1)

    
    
Certification of
    Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1)

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document
    (1)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document
    (1)








    
    





of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/ Grover
    Wickersham

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
/s/ Steve
    Shum

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ Grover
    Wickersham
    
Chief Executive Officer

    
March 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ Steve
    Shum
    
    
    
March 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ Mick
    Fleming
    
    
    
March 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/ Trent
    Davis
    
    
    
March 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    



    














     








of our report dated March 31
 2017
 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 for the years
ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 which appear in this Form 10-K.



    
    

San Francisco
 California
    

    
    

March 31
 2017
    



    














     






PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a)


SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


 Grover Wickersham
 certify that:


Distilling
 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.


 2017



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     






PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a)


SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


 Steven Shum
 certify that:


Distilling
 Inc.;


 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.


 2017



    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     





CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


 Grover Wickersham
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.


 2017



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 Steven Shum
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form
10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.


 2017



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    




















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    

    


    

    
    
    
    
    

 Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage&#13;categories
 including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka and rum. As a small business in the large
 international spirits marketplace&#13;dominated by massive conglomerates
 we rely heavily on our creativity. Our mission is to be an innovator in creating spirits that&#13;offer better value than comparable spirits
 for example our Burnside Bourbon and Portland Potato Vodka
 and in creating imaginative&#13;spirits that offer an unusual taste experience
 for example our cold-brewed coffee rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
 Marionberry&#13;Whiskey and Peppermint Bark holiday liquor. Our strategy is to expand from our local base in the Pacific Northwest by using major&#13;spirits distributors
 such as Southern Glazer Wines and Spirits
 to address the demand for premium and high-end craft spirits.&#13;In late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
&#13;and tasked them with reviewing our current product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation&#13;of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. We also intend to capitalize on our uniqueness as a publicly-traded&#13;craft spirit producer
 with access to the public markets
 to support our growth

 California
 Washington
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
&#13;New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Rhode Island
 New Hampshire
 Maine
 Idaho
&#13;Vermont and Maryland) as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private&#13;parties

 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the&#13;LLC) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
&#13;Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger&#13;consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's&#13;stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
&#13;Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members&#13;of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as&#13;the acquirer of Eurocan. These consolidated financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC&#13;with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common stock of Eastside Distilling

 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. (Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Eurocan and constituted the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became&#13;a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eastside on October 31

 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially&#13;all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release&#13;of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary.&#13;As a result of the Share Transfer
 the Company recorded a gain of $52
890
 which is included in other income (expense) in the&#13;accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2015. This gain is primarily the result of the&#13;transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams. The results for the year ended December 31
 2015 referred to in these consolidated&#13;financial statements include both the results of Eastside and MWWD (through February 3


 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3

 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating&#13;decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer


 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes&#13;sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized&#13;as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer&#13;at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee&#13;concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or&#13;upon purchase at retail locations


 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common&#13;practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales&#13;of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded&#13;as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue&#13;Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $136
786&#13;and $3
184 in years 2016 and 2015


 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of&#13;operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit&#13;expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales

 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing&#13;rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon&#13;Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately&#13;46% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately&#13;40% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31

 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial&#13;statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December&#13;31
 2016 and December 31
 2015

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2016 and 2015. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure&#13;of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time&#13;to their maturities. At December 31
 2016 and 2015

 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory&#13;is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory&#13;quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated&#13;forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related&#13;inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31

 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements&#13;is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets

 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets&#13;for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest&#13;charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than&#13;the carrying amount of the asset

&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces&#13;deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued&#13;or expensed at and for the years ended December 31

000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016&#13;and 2015


 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.&#13;The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages&#13;in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable&#13;excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $797
435 and $620
862 in years 2016 and 2015

&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected&#13;stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based&#13;awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments&#13;as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015

 we have the option to sell those&#13;customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining&#13;25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the&#13;factoring provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored&#13;amounts as a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
&#13;2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601&#13;during 2016. Comparatively
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total&#13;proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we had $17
601 in factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with&#13;the factoring program of $5

 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;)&#13;No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-09
&#13;which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for&#13;income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.&#13;ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt; Under the new guidance

&#13;    which is a lessee&amp;#8216;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease

&#13;    which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor&#13;accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified&#13;the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.&#13;Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments&#13;in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
&#13;January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees&#13;(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified&#13;retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-09 will supersede&#13;virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised&#13;goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or&#13;services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09&#13;is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most&#13;current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company&#13;will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial&#13;statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2015-14
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09&#13;for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&amp;#160;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&amp;#160;1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;. The new guidance explicitly&#13;requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures.&#13;ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.&#13;          We have adopted as of December 31

 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2015-11
 &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11&#13;is part of the FASB&amp;#8217;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory&#13;within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price&#13;in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11&#13;will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#160;1

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount&#13;of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application&#13;is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31



774

200



118

442


557

582



771

643





700

581

 2016
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $3.6 million
 to offset&#13;against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
&#13;respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net&#13;operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal&#13;Revenue code of 1986 and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate&#13;change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &amp;#8220;Section 382 ownership change&amp;#8221;)

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation&#13;of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of&#13;the realizability of the deferred tax assets




 2016
 the Company issued 63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of&#13;$153
996. Additionally
 the Company had $220
691 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees&#13;and vested during the year ended December 31

 2016
 the Company issued 115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange&#13;for services rendered and trade debt totaling $284

 2016
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800

 2016
 the Company issued 564
781 shares of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734

 the Company issued 886
538 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an&#13;aggregate principal amount converted of $1
152

 the Company issued 531

 the Company issued 12
802 shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due&#13;at June 30

 2016 to June 22
 2016
 the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants&#13;for common stock
 net of issuance costs of $23

 2016 to June 3
 2016
 the Company issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory&#13;note. The aggregate principal amount of this note that was converted was $196

 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 2
500 shares of common&#13;stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $10
500. These shares were issued effective February 18

 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 4
500 shares of common&#13;stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $17

 the Company entered into a consulting agreement under which it agreed to issue 5
000 shares of common stock to a&#13;consultant for services of $45

 the Company issued 2
250 shares of common stock to employees valued at $42

 the Company issued 6
750 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered&#13;of $128

 the Company issued 11
250 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of&#13;$479

 the Company issued 1
875 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered of $65

000
000 shares available for issuance with 3
000 shares of Series A authorized as of December 31

 2016 to June 17
 2016
 the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred&amp;#8221;)&#13;for an aggregate purchase price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased&#13;by certain of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration&#13;of cancellation of $50
000 of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69

000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock (the &amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred&#13;accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&amp;#8217;s option&#13;either in cash or &amp;#8220;in kind&amp;#8221; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following&#13;the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report&#13;on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available&#13;therefore. For &amp;#8216;in-kind&amp;#8221; dividends

 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series&#13;A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1

 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have&#13;an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number)&#13;into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination&#13;are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &amp;#8220;Total Series A Votes&amp;#8221;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled&#13;to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
&#13;the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights






 since the conversion price on the note as of March 10
 2016 was set at a discount to the fair&#13;market value of the underlying stock. As a result
 a discount of $228
550 was attributed to the beneficial conversion feature&#13;of the note
 which amount was then amortized fully during the year ended December 31

 2016
 the Company issued detachable warrants in connection to common stock
 Series A preferred stock
&#13;and convertible notes payable to purchase 4
306
915 shares of common stock. The Company has determined the Warrants are classified&#13;as equity on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016. The estimated fair value of the warrants after relative fair&#13;value allocation at issuance was $2
010
502


306

451



540


 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan). The total number of shares available for&#13;the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the Plan is 500
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise&#13;price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock&#13;on the date of grant. At December 31
 2016
 there were 427
500 options and 53
449 RSU&amp;#8217;s issued under the Plan outstanding

 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for&#13;the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2015 Plan is 150
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise&#13;price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock&#13;on the date of grant. At December 31
 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at&#13;the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date

 from time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2016
 there&#13;were 50














500 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options

500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16

 2016 was $60

 2016
 there were 376
277 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $489
230. The unvested options&#13;will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to&#13;36 months. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2016 was $60
900. During the year ended December&#13;31
 2016
 103



 2016 was $0.97. The&#13;aggregate grant date fair value of the 427
500 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $414

 2016
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $220
691. At December 31
 2016
&#13;the total compensation cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $234
391


 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles&#13;generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside&#13;Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3


 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating&#13;decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer

    


 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes&#13;sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized&#13;as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer&#13;at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee&#13;concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or&#13;upon purchase at retail locations




 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of&#13;operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit&#13;expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales


 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing&#13;rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales

    



 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon&#13;Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately&#13;46% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately&#13;40% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31


 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial&#13;statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December&#13;31
 2016 and December 31
 2015

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2016 and 2015. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure&#13;of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value&#13;of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time&#13;to their maturities. At December 31
 2016 and 2015


 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory&#13;is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory&#13;quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated&#13;forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related&#13;inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31


 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements&#13;is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets&#13;for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest&#13;charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than&#13;the carrying amount of the asset


&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces&#13;deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued&#13;or expensed at and for the years ended December 31


000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016&#13;and 2015




 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.&#13;The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages&#13;in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable&#13;excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $797
435 and $620
862 in years 2016 and 2015


&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected&#13;stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based&#13;awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments&#13;as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015


 we have the option to sell those&#13;customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining&#13;25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the&#13;factoring provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored&#13;amounts as a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
&#13;2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601&#13;during 2016. Comparatively
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total&#13;proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we had $17
601 in factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with&#13;the factoring program of $5


 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;)&#13;No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Stock Compensation (Topic 718)
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; ASU 2016-09
&#13;which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for&#13;income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.&#13;ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt; Under the new guidance

&#13;    which is a lessee&amp;#8216;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease

&#13;    which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor&#13;accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified&#13;the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.&#13;Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments&#13;in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
&#13;January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees&#13;(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified&#13;retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&lt;/i&gt; ASU 2014-09 will supersede&#13;virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised&#13;goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or&#13;services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09&#13;is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most&#13;current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company&#13;will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial&#13;statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2015-14
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09&#13;for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&amp;#160;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&amp;#160;1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;. The new guidance explicitly&#13;requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures.&#13;ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.&#13;          We have adopted as of December 31

 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#160;2015-11
 &lt;i&gt;Inventory (Topic 330)
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;. ASU 2015-11&#13;is part of the FASB&amp;#8217;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory&#13;within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price&#13;in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11&#13;will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&amp;#160;1

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance&#13;costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount&#13;of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application&#13;is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31




 2016






774

200



118

442



557

582



771

643





700

581








010
502



306

451



540



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000&#13;shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 however that dividends may&#13;only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements&#13;contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law&#13;out of funds legally available therefor. For &amp;#145;in-kind&amp;#148; dividends


 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series&#13;A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued&#13;under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the&#13;grant date

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common&#13;practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales&#13;of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded&#13;as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue&#13;Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $136
786&#13;and $3
184 in years 2016 and 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    














000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options

500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

 2016 and 2015
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his&#13;personal credit card. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
&#13;the balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $0 and $27
075
 respectively
 and is included in accounts payable&#13;on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive officer in the amount&#13;of $12
500 at December 31
 2015

 2016
 the following officers purchased an aggregate of 423 Units
 with each Unit consisting of 1 share of our Series&#13;A Preferred and a 3-year warrant to purchase 667 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per&#13;share: (i) the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in consideration of $185
000 in accrued&#13;and unpaid salary; (ii) the Company&amp;#8217;s chief financial officer purchased 97 Units in consideration of $97
000 in accrued&#13;and unpaid salary; (iii) the Company&amp;#8217;s chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in consideration of $58
000&#13;in accrued and unpaid salary and (iv) the Company&amp;#8217;s chief branding officer and wife of the Company&amp;#8217;s chief executive&#13;officer purchased 83 Units in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. On November 4
 2016
 the Company entered&#13;into separate agreements with Steven Earles
 Steven Shum
 Carrie Earles and Martin Kunkel pursuant to which each of such individuals&#13;agreed to convert an aggregate of 423 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the Conversion Price into an aggregate&#13;of 282

 pursuant to subscription agreements
 the following securities were purchased by Mr. Wickersham
 our&#13;Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

&#13;    in his capacity as trustee of The Grover T. Wickersham Employees&amp;#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&amp;#8220;PSP&amp;#8221;)
 purchased&#13;    in a private placement an aggregate of 250
000 units
 each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock&#13;    purchase warrant (the &amp;#8220;Warrants
 and collectively with the Common Stock
 the &amp;#8220;Common Stock Units&amp;#8221;) at a&#13;    purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250
000. The exercise price of the warrants&#13;    was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time 130

000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock&#13;    Unit for a total purchase price of $100
000. In December 2016
 Mr. Wickersham transferred and/or voluntarily cancelled 33

&#13;    in his capacity as trustee of an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated minor (&amp;#8220;Education Trust&amp;#8221;)&#13;    purchased in a private placement 50
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Unit
 for a total purchase price&#13;    of $50
000. The exercise price of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time 25

&#13;    in his capacity as trustee of the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust (the &amp;#8220;Irrevocable Trust&amp;#8221;) purchased&#13;    in a private placement 200
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase&#13;    price of $200

 the&#13;    PSP purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for&#13;    aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.00 per&#13;    share. In July 2016
 the PSP purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a&#13;    warrant to acquire 60

 the&#13;    Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &amp;#8220;CRUT&amp;#8221;) purchased a Promissory Note for&#13;    aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of&#13;    $2.00 per share. In November 2016
 the CRUT purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $75
000
&#13;    along with a warrant to acquire 37
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The exercise price&#13;    of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016

 pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 Michael M. Fleming
 one of our directors
 purchased in a private placement an&#13;aggregate of 25
000 Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Unit
 each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock and a Warrant&#13;to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25

 2016
 an entity for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory&#13;notes and received 3-year warrants to purchase 75

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&#13;the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For&#13;the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 and $3.6 million in 2016 and&#13;2015
 respectively
 and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $12.8 million as of December 31
 2016. The Company has been&#13;dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For&#13;the year ended December 31
 2016

 2016
 the Company has approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $1.4 million.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
&#13;primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to improve profitability
&#13;reduce headcount
 reduce rent
 reduce professional fees and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2017
 the Company has&#13;raised an additional $967
750 in cash through equity offerings (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events).&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Also in March 2017
&#13;the Company acquired a small distillery bottling and production support business (stock purchase transaction) that is expected&#13;to improve operating results (see Note 14

    

 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum&#13;of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding&#13;during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options&#13;and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive.&#13;There were no dilutive common shares at December 31


251

601

741

287



251

601

741

287

































991 and $19
277 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015





















 2018 &amp;#8211;&#13;    October 19
 2018










 2016









 2018 &amp;#8211;&#13;    October 19
 2018











 2016. At December 31
 2015


000. The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was&#13;    extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to July 1
 2016. The note was&#13;    convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $8.00 per share. On July 1
 2016
 the&#13;    Company paid the outstanding amount under this Note


 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;)
 payable in&#13;    six installments (&amp;#8220;Amortization Payments&amp;#8221;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30 &lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&#13;    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is convertible at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the&#13;    Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock during&#13;    the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The note was issued with an original issue discount







 2016
 this note (the &amp;#8220;Initial Note&amp;#8221;) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Investor&amp;#8221;). In addition
&#13;    on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest&#13;    at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &amp;#8220;Additional Note&amp;#8221;
 together with the Initial Note
 the&#13;    &amp;#8220;Notes&amp;#8221;). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000.&#13;    On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the Investor pursuant&#13;    to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal&#13;    amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;) in exchange for a previously issued 14%&#13;    secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding&#13;    principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii)&#13;    issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647&#13;    with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &amp;#8220;Second Note&amp;#8221;
 together with the Note
 the &amp;#8220;Exchange Notes&amp;#8221;)&#13;    in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal&#13;    amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016&#13;    maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
&#13;    2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company&#13;    paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306

688 for the fiscal year ended December&#13;31
 2016. Amortization of the debt discount was $16
750 for the year ended December 31


 2016. At December 31
 2015


000. The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was&#13;    extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to July 1
 2016. The note was&#13;    convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $8.00 per share. On July 1
 2016
 the&#13;    Company paid the outstanding amount under this Note


 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;)
 payable in&#13;    six installments (&amp;#8220;Amortization Payments&amp;#8221;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30 &lt;sup&gt;th&lt;/sup&gt;&#13;    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is convertible at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the&#13;    Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock during&#13;    the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The note was issued with an original issue discount







 2016
 this note (the &amp;#8220;Initial Note&amp;#8221;) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Investor&amp;#8221;). In addition
&#13;    on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest&#13;    at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &amp;#8220;Additional Note&amp;#8221;
 together with the Initial Note
 the&#13;    &amp;#8220;Notes&amp;#8221;). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000.&#13;    On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Exchange Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the Investor pursuant&#13;    to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal&#13;    amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;) in exchange for a previously issued 14%&#13;    secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding&#13;    principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii)&#13;    issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647&#13;    with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &amp;#8220;Second Note&amp;#8221;
 together with the Note
 the &amp;#8220;Exchange Notes&amp;#8221;)&#13;    in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal&#13;    amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016&#13;    maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
&#13;    2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company&#13;    paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306


 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.&#13;Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations&#13;in rental payments

 2016





087

000 and $384
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015

 however we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from&#13;time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming&#13;and expensive to resolve


 2016





087


 2016 and 2015. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the&#13;annual information presented elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&amp;#8217;s opinion













014

309

456

419















412



 2017 through February 16
 2017
 the Company received additional warrant exercises and subscription documents totaling&#13;$217
750 for 167

 2017
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) received a written letter of resignation from Steven&#13;Earles stating that he has resigned
 effective immediately
 from his position as President and a director of the Company. Mr.&#13;Earles did not sit on any committees of the Board of Directors. His resignation from all positions with the Company was not because&#13;of any disagreements with the Company on matters relating to its operations
 policies and practices. In connection with his resignation
&#13;Mr. Earles has agreed to continue working with the Company in a consultant capacity for the foreseeable future. The vacancy on&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors resulting from Mr. Earles&amp;#8217; resignation will remain vacant until such time as a new&#13;director is identified and appointed. Similarly
 the Company has not yet appointed a new President. Grover T. Wickersham continues&#13;to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and
 until such time as a new President is appointed

 2017

 2017 we entered into a Lease Termination Agreement with PJM BLDG. II LLC (the &amp;#8220;Termination Agreement&amp;#8221;)
&#13;the landlord of our current headquarters and production facilities located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
&#13;Oregon. The Termination Agreement provides that the original lease agreement dated July 17
 2014 (the &amp;#8220;Lease&amp;#8221;) will&#13;terminate on June 30
 2017 rather than October 30

 2017
 the Company entered into a Commercial Sublease Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Sublease&amp;#8221;) dated February 1
 2017&#13;with MotherLode
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company (&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;). Under the Sublease
 the Company has agreed&#13;to sublease from MotherLode a total of 5
000 square feet of Motherlode&amp;#8217;s facility located at 2150 SE Hanna Harvester Drive
&#13;Milwaukie
 OR 97222 (the &amp;#8220;Premises&amp;#8221;) for $5
000 per month from February 1
 2017 through December 31
 2018. Under the&#13;Sublease
 the Company is permitted to use the subleased Premises for its distillery operations
 including
 without limitation
&#13;blending
 bottling and warehousing. The sublease facilities will be used as the new production facilities upon completion of the&#13;tenant improvements. Under the terms of the Sublease
 the parties will enter into an addendum to the Sublease within 120 days&#13;of the effective date of the Sublease that will describe the tenant improvements to be constructed
 any construction requirements&#13;and MotherLode&amp;#8217;s approval of such tenant improvements. In the event the parties are unable to agree on tenant improvement&#13;issues within the stated period

 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery (&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;)
 a Portland
 Oregon&#13;based provider of bottling services and production support to craft distilleries. Since its founding in 2014 by Allen Barteld
&#13;the mission of MotherLode has been to enable craft distillers to increase their production and extend their product lines
 reducing&#13;cost and increasing efficiency
 thereby freeing them to focus on their craft. The typical MotherLode customer is a distillery&#13;of small batch
 hand-crafted spirits
 or a premium craft spirit sold as a private label. We plan to relocate much of our own operations&#13;to MotherLode&amp;#8217;s facility and jointly expand both companies manufacturing resources. Plans are in place for a pneumatic bottling&#13;line
 allowing for a five times increase in bottling rate
 and large volume spirit handling capability. The Company believes the&#13;MotherLode operations will be immediately accretive to earnings. In addition to bottling services for distillers and other producers&#13;of spirits
 MotherLode bottles private label craft spirits for customers who have on-premise or off-premise licenses including&#13;retail and liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants
 events
 and businesses who want to take advantage of the benefits that come from&#13;having their brand clearly printed on a label. MotherLode&amp;#8217;s premium craft spirits can also be private labeled for corporate&#13;gifts
 wedding
 birthdays and other personal events. We believe that MotherLode can help with new product development and the&#13;implementation of Eastside's spirits branding initiatives in concert with our Portland-based spirits branding firm
 Sandstorm&#13;Partners. We issued 260
000 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition. Based on&#13;the closing share price of our common stock of $1.45 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000 which is approximately&#13;equal to the revenues of MotherLode in 2016. Additionally
 Eastside entered into a three-year employment agreement with Allen&#13;Barteld and issued standard employee stock options
 with vesting over five years. The terms of the acquisition and Mr. Barteld&amp;#8217;s&#13;employment are more fully set forth in the Form 8-K filed on March 14

 2017
 the Company issued 576
923 shares of its common stock for $750
000
 including 576
923 warrants for common stock.&#13;This represented an initial closing of the Company&amp;#8217;s private offering as filed in the Form 8-K on March 27


 2016 and 2015. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the&#13;annual information presented elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&amp;#8217;s opinion













014

309

436

438















412















 2016
 this note (the Initial Note) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (Investor). In addition
 on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the Additional Note
 together with the Initial Note
 the Notes). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000. On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with the Investor pursuant to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the Note) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647 with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the Second Note
 together with the Note
 the Exchange Notes) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
 2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306

      

500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16


000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options




















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      










      


      










      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 300 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively (liquidation value of $750
000 at December 31




 $0.0001 par value; 45
000
000 shares authorized; 7
627
512 and 2
309
750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015



      


      


      


      






































      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      



















 net of issuance cost of $23
762




 net of issuance cost of $23
762



      


      


      


      



 net of issuance cost of $69
528




 net of issuance cost of $69
528



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of issuance costs of $69
528








 net of issuance costs of $23
762



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      


      




      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      





      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      






      






      






      





      


      

      


      


      

      


      





      





      



 Options



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      

      

      


 in the normal course of business


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues


      




      

      

      

      

      


 for example
 but not limited to



 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge


      


 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge



 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge



 for example
 but not limited to
 pledge



 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences


      

      

      

      

      

      





 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 but is not limited to



 but is not limited to


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 but is not limited to


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 but is not limited to


      

      

      

      

      


 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      




      




      

      

      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      





 Plant





      

      




      





 Plant and Equipment









 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Other Adjustments


      




      











 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments











      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercises in Period



 Options
 Exercisable


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 Inc.




































  2016



































































559
868



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



925
935



























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











088
066


317





955


206





037


824





714


506





400
772


130
853



Property and equipment
 net

216


005





000


000





547
988


291
858












034


300
532





702


814





126







537


098







500







958





399


337
629





756


842





415
155


355
471

















Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 45
000
000 shares authorized; 7
627
512 and 2
309
750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively








699
275


497
907





813
044)


561
751)





132
833


063
613)





547
988


291
858

















Series A convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 300 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively (liquidation value of $750
000 at December 31
 2016)

838







838






































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

627
512


309
750



Common stock
 outstanding

627
512


309
750










Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 authorized

000


000



Preferred stock
 issued






Preferred stock
 outstanding






Preferred stock
 liquidation

000



































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











042
527


326
664



Less excise taxes
 customer programs and incentives

221


046





108
306


702
618





280
344


390





962


228










Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

244
152


310





881
771


450
436





297
961)


541
518)



Other income (expense)
 net








468)


458)







890





190)





Total other expense
 net

658)


548)





199
619)


601
066)












199
619)


601
066)





674)







251
293)


601
066)












741
842


287
518




































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 before excise tax.

























































The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

















































































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at beginning at Dec. 31
 2014





542
566


960
685)


582
108



Balance at beginning (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014



275
625






















Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 net of issuance costs





972




975



Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 net of issuance costs (in shares)



792









Shares issued for payoff of trade debt
 net





999




000



Shares issued for payoff of trade debt
 net (in shares)



333















370




370











601
066)


601
066)



Balance at end at Dec. 31
 2015





497
907


561
751)


063
613)



Balance at end (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015



309
750






















Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance cost of $23
762
 with detachable warrants





015
958




016
238



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance cost of $23
762
 with detachable warrants (in shares)



800
000















159




216







781















266




278







184









Issuance of Series A convertible Preferred stock
 net of issuance cost of $69
528
 with detachable warrants

835




637




472



Issuance of Series A convertible Preferred stock
 net of issuance cost of $69
528
 with detachable warrants (in shares)


















681




687







499















348
879




349
002







230
411















622




622





674






674)







759)




758











802











912)




859











000















550




550





































199
619)


199
619)



Balance at end at Dec. 31
 2016

838




699
275


813
044)


132
833



Balance at end (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016



627
512







































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.













































































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
















































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 issuance costs



528



Common stock
 issuance costs



762










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











199
619)


601
066)












991


277





750


750





550







065


920





212


987





687


370





200









890)












749)


265)





213)


804)



Prepaid expenses
 current assets and deposits

208)


391





498)


133
166





762


074





399


688)





954
671)


187
778)












202)


076)





202)


076)










Proceeds from preferred stock
 net of issuance costs of $69
528
 with detachable warrants

572





Proceeds from common stock
 with detachable warrants - related party

000





Proceeds from common stock
 net of issuance costs of $23
762
 with detachable warrants

451
238







904)


892)





000







405
000





Proceeds from convertible notes payable
 net of issuance costs

000


273





500)


500





000







216







910
622


881





749


973)





317


082
290





088
066


317












237


593



















212







000







000







330







759









625







987





999







148












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from long-term debt by a related party. Related parties
 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.






















































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 issuance costs



528



Common stock
 issuance costs



762










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]







    
    
    



We
are a Portland
 Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage
categories
 including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka and rum. As a small business in the large
 international spirits marketplace
dominated by massive conglomerates
 we rely heavily on our creativity. Our mission is to be an innovator in creating spirits that
offer better value than comparable spirits
 for example our Burnside Bourbon and Portland Potato Vodka
 and in creating imaginative
spirits that offer an unusual taste experience
 for example our cold-brewed coffee rum
 Oregon oak aged whiskeys
 Marionberry
Whiskey and Peppermint Bark holiday liquor. Our strategy is to expand from our local base in the Pacific Northwest by using major
spirits distributors
 such as Southern Glazer Wines and Spirits
 to address the demand for premium and high-end craft spirits.
In late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
and tasked them with reviewing our current product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation
of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. We also intend to capitalize on our uniqueness as a publicly-traded
craft spirit producer
 with access to the public markets
 to support our growth
 including by making strategic acquisitions.

We
currently sell our products in 22 states (Oregon
 California
 Washington
 Florida
 Nevada
 Texas
 Virginia
 Indiana
 Illinois
New York
 New Jersey
 Massachusetts
 Connecticut
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Rhode Island
 New Hampshire
 Maine
 Idaho
Vermont and Maryland) as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private
parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB).

On
October 31
 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the
LLC) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger
consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's
stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members
of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as
the acquirer of Eurocan. These consolidated financial statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC
with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common stock of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the legal capital of
Eurocan prior to the Acquisition.

Subsequent
to the Acquisition
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. (Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Eurocan and constituted the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant. Eastside and MWWD are collectively
referred to herein as the Company.


On
February 3
 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially
all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release
of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary.
As a result of the Share Transfer
 the Company recorded a gain of $52
890
 which is included in other income (expense) in the
accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2015. This gain is primarily the result of the
transfer of net liabilities to Michael Williams. The results for the year ended December 31
 2015 referred to in these consolidated
financial statements include both the results of Eastside and MWWD (through February 3
 2015).



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]







    
    


Historically
the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity raisings. For
the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5.3 and $3.6 million in 2016 and
2015
 respectively
 and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $12.8 million as of December 31
 2016. The Company has been
dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company raised approximately $5.9 million in cash flow from financing activities to meet
cash flow used in operating activities.

At
December 31
 2016
 the Company has approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $1.4 million.
The Company&#8217;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management has taken actions to improve profitability
reduce headcount
 reduce rent
 reduce professional fees and increase sales. In addition
 through March 31
 2017
 the Company has
raised an additional $967
750 in cash through equity offerings (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events).&#160;&#160; Also in March 2017
the Company acquired a small distillery bottling and production support business (stock purchase transaction) that is expected
to improve operating results (see Note 14
 Subsequent Events). Management believes that cash on hand and the most recent equity
raise and acquisition will be sufficient to meet their operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve
months.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    



Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating
decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate
basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.


Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four
of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes
sales upon the consignee&#8217;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized
as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer
at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue
Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $136
786
and $3
184 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.

Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2016 and 2015.



Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon
Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately
46% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately
40% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015.


Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value
under the fair value option provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company's assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and 2015. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure
of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time
to their maturities. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#8217;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed
rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory
quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated
forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related
inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.

Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the asset and liability
method for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in
which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company established valuation
allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax
benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were
no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued
or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to
examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.



Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $297
000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016
and 2015
 respectively.

Comprehensive
Income

The
Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income (expense) items for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $797
435 and $620
862 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

We
use an accounts receivable factoring program with certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those
customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining
25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the
factoring provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored
amounts as a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the
year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601
during 2016. Comparatively
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total
proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we had $17
601 in factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with
the factoring program of $5
867 during 2015.


Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;)
No. 2016-09

 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for
income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to
recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
    which is a lessee&#8216;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and





    
    
A right-of-use asset
    which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease
    term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees
(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified
retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases
that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition
approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede
virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09
is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most
current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company
will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-14

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&#160;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&#160;1
2017. The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of
ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
. The new guidance explicitly
requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
          We have adopted as of December 31
 2016.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
is part of the FASB&#8217;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory
within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11
will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&#160;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
ASU 2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application
is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31
 2015.




Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2016 presentation with no changes to net loss or total
stockholders' equity (deficit) previously reported.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
439
739
    
    
    
415
953
    

    
    
    
340
298
    
    
    
248
713
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
158
    

    
    
    
780
037
    
    
    
683
824
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







    
Property and
    Equipment


Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    
70
140
    
    
    
64
288
    

    
    
    
8
607
    
    
    
8
607
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
38
831
    

Construction
    In Progress
    
    
34
603
    
    
    
31
253
    

    
    
    
152
181
    
    
    
142
979
    

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
    
    
(52
965
    
    
    
(30
974
    

Total
    property and equipment
 net
    
    
99
216
    
    
    
112
005
    


Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled $21
991 and $19
277 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
    
16
642
    
    
    
21
940
    

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity and are due at various dates between September 19
 2018 &#8211;
    October 19
 2018
 and pay interest only on a monthly basis
    
    
547
500
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    notes payable
    
    
564
142
    
    
    
21
940
    

Less
    current portion
    
    
(4
537
    
    
    
(4
098
    

Less
    debt discount for detachable warrant
    
    
(131
849
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    notes payable
 less current portion and debt discount
    
    
427
756
    
    
    
17
842
    


Maturities
on notes payable as of December 31
 2016
 are as follows:


Year
ending December 31:




    
    
    
4
537
    

    
    
    
554
915
    

    
    
    
4
690
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
564
142
    








The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Convertible Notes
    Payable


There
were no convertible notes payable outstanding at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2015
 convertible notes payable consisted
of three separate notes:



    
    
December
    31
 
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 5% per annum in the principal amount of $150
000. The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was
    extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to July 1
 2016. The note was
    convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $8.00 per share. On July 1
 2016
 the
    Company paid the outstanding amount under this Note
 including interest in full.
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

Secured Convertible
    promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &#8220;Note&#8221;)
 payable in
    six installments (&#8220;Amortization Payments&#8221;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30 
    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is convertible at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the
    Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#8217;s common stock during
    the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life
    of the loan. The Note is secured by all of the Company&#8217;s assets pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amended and
    Restated Pledge and Security Agreement.(1)
    
    
272
708
    

    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 0% per annum. The note was converted into Company's preferred equity financing on April 4
 2016.
    
    
50
000
    

Total convertible notes
    payable
    
    
472
708
    

    
    
    
    
    

Less
    discount on convertible debt
    
    
16
750
    

    
    
    
    
    

Total
    convertible notes payable &#8211; net of debt discount
    
    
455
958
    





    
    
On April
    14
 2016
 this note (the &#8220;Initial Note&#8221;) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (&#8220;Investor&#8221;). In addition
    on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest
    at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &#8220;Additional Note&#8221;
 together with the Initial Note
 the
    &#8220;Notes&#8221;). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000.
    On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with the Investor pursuant
    to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal
    amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the &#8220;Note&#8221;) in exchange for a previously issued 14%
    secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding
    principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii)
    issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647
    with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &#8220;Second Note&#8221;
 together with the Note
 the &#8220;Exchange Notes&#8221;)
    in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal
    amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016
    maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
    2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company
    paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306
378) in full.


Amortization
of the debt discount and beneficial conversion feature of the convertible notes totaled $359
688 for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2016. Amortization of the debt discount was $16
750 for the year ended December 31
 2015 and was recorded as other expense
in the consolidated statement of operations.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
    
    
(1
774
361
    
    
    
(1
200
378
    

State
    income taxes after credits
    
    
(344
435
    
    
    
(233
015
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
2
118
795
    
    
    
1
442
900
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(9
507
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
    
    
3
557
909
    
    
    
1
582
317
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
213
181
    
    
    
61
050
    

Total
    deferred tax assets
    
    
3
771
090
    
    
    
1
643
367
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
(70
816
    
    
    
(61
888
    

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
    
    
(70
816
    
    
    
(61
888
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    
(3
700
274
    
    
    
(1
581
479
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



At
December 31
 2016
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $3.6 million
 to offset
against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal
Revenue code of 1986 and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate
change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &#8220;Section 382 ownership change&#8221;)
utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code (and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&#8217;s stock
at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations
may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of
the realizability of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Commitments and
    Contingencies


Operating
Leases

The
Company leases its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.
Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent
adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.

At
December 31
 2016
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



For year ending December
    31st:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
297
000
    

    
    
    
272
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
087
000
    


Total
rent expense was approximately $416
000 and $384
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


Legal
Matters

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings
 however we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from
time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming
and expensive to resolve
 and divert management resources.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Net Loss per
    Common Share


Basic
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period
 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum
of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options
and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effective is anti-dilutive.
There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2016 and 2015. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and
diluted net loss per common share in 2016 and 2015 are as follows:




    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common shareholders (numerator)
    
    
(5
251
293
    
    
    
(3
601
066
    

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
    
    
3
741
842
    
    
    
2
287
518
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock


Dec. 31
 2016






Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock



    
    
Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible
    Preferred Stock


Reverse
Stock Split

All
shares related and per share information in these financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 20-for-1 reverse
stock split of the Company&#8217;s common stock effected on October 18
 2016.

Issuance
of Common Stock

In
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 63
499 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of
$153
996. Additionally
 the Company had $220
691 of stock-based compensation expense related to stock options granted to employees
and vested during the year ended December 31
 2016.

In
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued 115
184 shares of common stock to eight third-party consultants in exchange
for services rendered and trade debt totaling $284
277.

In
December
 2016
 the Company issued 800
000 shares of its common stock for $1
040
000
 including 800
000 warrants for common stock.

In
December
 2016
 the Company issued 564
781 shares of its common stock for warrant exercises totaling $734
216.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 886
538 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $1
152
499.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued 531
000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 672 shares of preferred stock.

In
July 2016
 the Company issued 12
802 shares of its common stock in consideration of $17
759 in accrued and unpaid dividends due
at June 30
 2016 for its outstanding Series A Preferred.

From
June 4
 2016 to June 22
 2016
 the Company issued 2
000
000 shares of its common stock for $2
000
000
 including 2
000
000 warrants
for common stock
 net of issuance costs of $23
762.

From
April 20
 2016 to June 3
 2016
 the Company issued 343
873 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 14% convertible promissory
note. The aggregate principal amount of this note that was converted was $196
503.

In
December 2015
 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 2
500 shares of common
stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $10
500. These shares were issued effective February 18
2016.

In
November 2015
 the Company entered into management consulting agreements under which it agreed to issue 4
500 shares of common
stock to third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of $17
100. These shares were issued in February 2016.

In
October 2015
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement under which it agreed to issue 5
000 shares of common stock to a
consultant for services of $45
000. These shares have not been issued.

In
August 2015
 the Company issued 2
250 shares of common stock to employees valued at $42
750.

In
August 2015
 the Company issued 6
750 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered
of $128
250.

In
July 2015
 the Company issued 11
250 shares of common stock to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered of
$479
250.

In
April 2015
 the Company issued 1
875 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered of $65
625.

All
shares were fully vested upon issuance.

Issuance
of Convertible Preferred Stock

The
Company has 100
000
000 shares available for issuance with 3
000 shares of Series A authorized as of December 31
 2016.

From
April 4
 2016 to June 17
 2016
 the Company sold 972 shares of its series A convertible preferred stock (&#8220;Series A Preferred&#8221;)
for an aggregate purchase price of $972
000
 of which (i) 499 Units were purchased for $499
000 in cash (ii) 423 Units were purchased
by certain of our officers in consideration of $423
000 accrued and unpaid salary and (iii) 50 Units were purchased in consideration
of cancellation of $50
000 of outstanding indebtedness net of issuance costs of $69
528.

Each
share of Series A Convertible Preferred has a stated value of $1
000
 which is convertible into shares of the Company&#8217;s
common stock (the &#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) at a fixed conversion price equal to $1.50 per share. The Series A Convertible Preferred
accrue dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the Company&#8217;s option
either in cash or &#8220;in kind&#8221; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may only be paid in cash following
the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements contained in its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law out of funds legally available
therefore. For &#8216;in-kind&#8221; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the amount
of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share market values during the twenty
(20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.

In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series
A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii)
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii)
2.5.

For
all matters submitted to a vote of the Company&#8217;s stockholders
 the holders of the Series A Preferred as a class shall have
an aggregate number of votes equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number)
into which the total shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation on such date of determination
are convertible multiplied by (y) 2.5 (the &#8220;Total Series A Votes&#8221;)
 with each holder of Series A Preferred entitled
to vote its pro rata portion of the Total Series A Votes. Holders of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In addition
the holders of Series A Preferred shall vote separately a class to change any of the rights
 preferences and privileges of the
Series A Preferred.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
                                    of
        
of
        common
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Issued
    and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A
    
    
3
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
932
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
333
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
2
500
    


Beneficial
conversion feature

The
Company evaluated the convertible note and determined that a portion of the note should be allocated to additional paid-in capital
as a beneficial conversion feature
 since the conversion price on the note as of March 10
 2016 was set at a discount to the fair
market value of the underlying stock. As a result
 a discount of $228
550 was attributed to the beneficial conversion feature
of the note
 which amount was then amortized fully during the year ended December 31
 2016.



During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued detachable warrants in connection to common stock
 Series A preferred stock
and convertible notes payable to purchase 4
306
915 shares of common stock. The Company has determined the Warrants are classified
as equity on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2016. The estimated fair value of the warrants after relative fair
value allocation at issuance was $2
010
502
 based on the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions
below:



    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of common stock
    
    
    
    


A
summary of activity in warrants is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    
Aggregate
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
306
915
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
451
319
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeited
    and cancelled
    
    
(315
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    December 31
 2016
    
    
2
540
295
    
    
    
2.77
    years
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










    
    


On
September 8
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan). The total number of shares available for
the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the Plan is 500
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise
price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock
on the date of grant. At December 31
 2016
 there were 427
500 options and 53
449 RSU&#8217;s issued under the Plan outstanding
with vesting schedules varying between immediate and three (3) years from the grant date.

On
January 29
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan). The total number of shares available for
the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2015 Plan is 150
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. The exercise
price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock
on the date of grant. At December 31
 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at
the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.


The
Company also issues
 from time to time
 options which are not registered under a formal option plan. At December 31
 2016
 there
were 50
000 options outstanding that were not issued under the Plan.

A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is presented below:



    
    
#
    of Options
    
    
    
        
Exercise
        Price
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2014
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
82
500
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(22
500
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
427
500
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(16
250
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
    
    
521
250
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2016
    
    
144
973
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Non-Plan options.

(2)
82
500 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an agreement
with the holder.

(3)
427
500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16
250 options were canceled under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan.

The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31
 2016 was $60
900.

At
December 31
 2016
 there were 376
277 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $489
230. The unvested options
will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which is generally over a period of 6 to
36 months. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2016 was $60
900. During the year ended December
31
 2016
 103
567 options vested.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value
of stock options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards
issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the
underlying stock-based awards vest. To determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the
calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:



    
    
    



    
    
Fair value of the Company's common stock on
    the date of grant



    
    
    



    
    
Expected volatility over the expected term of
    the option



    
    
Risk-free interest rate for the expected term
    of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management's judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using
the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term
and the vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares
of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2016:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
    
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $0.97. The
aggregate grant date fair value of the 427
500 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2016 was $414
383.

For
the twelve months ended December 31
 2016
 total stock option expense related to stock options was $220
691. At December 31
 2016
the total compensation cost related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $234
391
 which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.08 years.&#160;







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Related Party
    Transactions


During
the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his
personal credit card. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
the balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $0 and $27
075
 respectively
 and is included in accounts payable
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company also has a note payable due its chief executive officer in the amount
of $12
500 at December 31
 2015
 that was repaid during fiscal year 2016.

On
April 4
 2016
 the following officers purchased an aggregate of 423 Units
 with each Unit consisting of 1 share of our Series
A Preferred and a 3-year warrant to purchase 667 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per
share: (i) the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer
 purchased 185 Units in consideration of $185
000 in accrued
and unpaid salary; (ii) the Company&#8217;s chief financial officer purchased 97 Units in consideration of $97
000 in accrued
and unpaid salary; (iii) the Company&#8217;s chief marketing officer and secretary purchased 58 Units in consideration of $58
000
in accrued and unpaid salary and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chief branding officer and wife of the Company&#8217;s chief executive
officer purchased 83 Units in consideration of $83
000 in accrued and unpaid salary. On November 4
 2016
 the Company entered
into separate agreements with Steven Earles
 Steven Shum
 Carrie Earles and Martin Kunkel pursuant to which each of such individuals
agreed to convert an aggregate of 423 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at the Conversion Price into an aggregate
of 282
000 shares of Common Stock.

Between
June 2016 and December 2016
 pursuant to subscription agreements
 the following securities were purchased by Mr. Wickersham
 our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 or by entities he controls or with whom he has a material relationship:



    
    
Mr. Wickersham
    in his capacity as trustee of The Grover T. Wickersham Employees&#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&#8220;PSP&#8221;)
 purchased
    in a private placement an aggregate of 250
000 units
 each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock
    purchase warrant (the &#8220;Warrants
 and collectively with the Common Stock
 the &#8220;Common Stock Units&#8221;) at a
    purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase price of $250
000. The exercise price of the warrants
    was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time 130
769 warrants were exercised.




    
    
Mr. Wickersham directly
    purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 100
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock
    Unit for a total purchase price of $100
000. In December 2016
 Mr. Wickersham transferred and/or voluntarily cancelled 33
653
    of his warrants.




    
    
Mr. Wickersham
    in his capacity as trustee of an education trust established for the benefit of an unrelated minor (&#8220;Education Trust&#8221;)
    purchased in a private placement 50
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Unit
 for a total purchase price
    of $50
000. The exercise price of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time 25
000 of
    the warrants were exercised.




    
    
Mr. Wickersham
    in his capacity as trustee of the Lindsay Anne Wickersham 1999 Irrevocable Trust (the &#8220;Irrevocable Trust&#8221;) purchased
    in a private placement 200
000 Common Stock Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Common Stock Unit
 for a total purchase
    price of $200
000.




    
    
In June 2016
 the
    PSP purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for
    aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at a price of $2.00 per
    share. In July 2016
 the PSP purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $120
000
 along with a
    warrant to acquire 60
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share.




    
    
In June 2016
 the
    Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &#8220;CRUT&#8221;) purchased a Promissory Note for
    aggregate consideration of $50
000
 along with a warrant to acquire 25
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
    $2.00 per share. In November 2016
 the CRUT purchased an additional Promissory Note for aggregate consideration of $75
000
    along with a warrant to acquire 37
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The exercise price
    of the warrants was temporarily reduced to $1.30 in December 2016
 at which time the warrants were exercised.


In
June 2016
 pursuant to a Subscription Agreement
 Michael M. Fleming
 one of our directors
 purchased in a private placement an
aggregate of 25
000 Units at a purchase price of $1.00 per Unit
 each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock and a Warrant
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share
 for a total purchase price of $25
000.

On
September 19
 2016
 an entity for which Lawrence Hirson
 a former director
 serves as manager purchased $150
000 of promissory
notes and received 3-year warrants to purchase 75
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


From
January 15
 2017 through February 16
 2017
 the Company received additional warrant exercises and subscription documents totaling
$217
750 for 167
500 shares issued.

On
January&#160;19
 2017
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) received a written letter of resignation from Steven
Earles stating that he has resigned
 effective immediately
 from his position as President and a director of the Company. Mr.
Earles did not sit on any committees of the Board of Directors. His resignation from all positions with the Company was not because
of any disagreements with the Company on matters relating to its operations
 policies and practices. In connection with his resignation
Mr. Earles has agreed to continue working with the Company in a consultant capacity for the foreseeable future. The vacancy on
the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors resulting from Mr. Earles&#8217; resignation will remain vacant until such time as a new
director is identified and appointed. Similarly
 the Company has not yet appointed a new President. Grover T. Wickersham continues
to serve as the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board and
 until such time as a new President is appointed
he will assume the functions of that office.

On
February 1
 2017
 the Company filed an S-1 registration statement for the proposed sale common stock of up to $6.9 million.

On
February 7
 2017 we entered into a Lease Termination Agreement with PJM BLDG. II LLC (the &#8220;Termination Agreement&#8221;)
the landlord of our current headquarters and production facilities located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
Oregon. The Termination Agreement provides that the original lease agreement dated July 17
 2014 (the &#8220;Lease&#8221;) will
terminate on June 30
 2017 rather than October 30
 2020.

On
February 17
 2017
 the Company entered into a Commercial Sublease Agreement (the &#8220;Sublease&#8221;) dated February 1
 2017
with MotherLode
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company (&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;). Under the Sublease
 the Company has agreed
to sublease from MotherLode a total of 5
000 square feet of Motherlode&#8217;s facility located at 2150 SE Hanna Harvester Drive
Milwaukie
 OR 97222 (the &#8220;Premises&#8221;) for $5
000 per month from February 1
 2017 through December 31
 2018. Under the
Sublease
 the Company is permitted to use the subleased Premises for its distillery operations
 including
 without limitation
blending
 bottling and warehousing. The sublease facilities will be used as the new production facilities upon completion of the
tenant improvements. Under the terms of the Sublease
 the parties will enter into an addendum to the Sublease within 120 days
of the effective date of the Sublease that will describe the tenant improvements to be constructed
 any construction requirements
and MotherLode&#8217;s approval of such tenant improvements. In the event the parties are unable to agree on tenant improvement
issues within the stated period
 the Company may terminate the Sublease.

On
March 8
 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery (&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;)
 a Portland
 Oregon
based provider of bottling services and production support to craft distilleries. Since its founding in 2014 by Allen Barteld
the mission of MotherLode has been to enable craft distillers to increase their production and extend their product lines
 reducing
cost and increasing efficiency
 thereby freeing them to focus on their craft. The typical MotherLode customer is a distillery
of small batch
 hand-crafted spirits
 or a premium craft spirit sold as a private label. We plan to relocate much of our own operations
to MotherLode&#8217;s facility and jointly expand both companies manufacturing resources. Plans are in place for a pneumatic bottling
line
 allowing for a five times increase in bottling rate
 and large volume spirit handling capability. The Company believes the
MotherLode operations will be immediately accretive to earnings. In addition to bottling services for distillers and other producers
of spirits
 MotherLode bottles private label craft spirits for customers who have on-premise or off-premise licenses including
retail and liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants
 events
 and businesses who want to take advantage of the benefits that come from
having their brand clearly printed on a label. MotherLode&#8217;s premium craft spirits can also be private labeled for corporate
gifts
 wedding
 birthdays and other personal events. We believe that MotherLode can help with new product development and the
implementation of Eastside's spirits branding initiatives in concert with our Portland-based spirits branding firm
 Sandstorm
Partners. We issued 260
000 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition. Based on
the closing share price of our common stock of $1.45 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000 which is approximately
equal to the revenues of MotherLode in 2016. Additionally
 Eastside entered into a three-year employment agreement with Allen
Barteld and issued standard employee stock options
 with vesting over five years. The terms of the acquisition and Mr. Barteld&#8217;s
employment are more fully set forth in the Form 8-K filed on March 14
 2017.

On
March 31
 2017
 the Company issued 576
923 shares of its common stock for $750
000
 including 576
923 warrants for common stock.
This represented an initial closing of the Company&#8217;s private offering as filed in the Form 8-K on March 27
 2017.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Selected Quarterly
    Consolidated Financial Data (unaudited)


The
following tables sets for the selected unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the four quarters
of the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the
annual information presented elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&#8217;s opinion
 includes all adjustments (consisting only of
normal recurring entries) necessary for a fair statement of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results
for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company&#8217;s and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.



    
    
Three
    Months Ended
    

    
    
March
    31

    
    
June
    30

    
    
September
    30

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
474
    
    
    
504
311
    
    
    
607
847
    
    
    
532
674
    

    
    
    
207
305
    
    
    
236
095
    
    
    
236
993
    
    
    
147
569
    

    
    
    
(1
014
679
    
    
    
(1
309
500
    
    
    
(1
456
049
    
    
    
(1
419
391
    

Net loss available
    per common share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Three
    Months Ended
    

    
    
March
    31

    
    
June
    30

    
    
September
    30

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
070
    
    
    
304
414
    
    
    
352
081
    
    
    
721
053
    

    
    
    
107
208
    
    
    
146
763
    
    
    
184
557
    
    
    
393
700
    

    
    
    
(831
018
    
    
    
(688
060
    
    
    
(1
412
612
    
    
    
(669
376
    

Net loss available
    per common share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD (through February 3
 2015). All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.




Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating
decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company's operating results on an aggregate
basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.




Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.




Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company records revenue when all four
of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes
sales upon the consignee&#8217;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized
as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer
at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee
concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or
upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted
to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized
at the time of sale.

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue
Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $136
786
and $3
184 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



Advertising
 Promotional and Selling Expenses
Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.




Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.




Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.




Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2016 and 2015.






Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At
December 31
 2016
 three distributors represented 91% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2015
 one distributor
 the Oregon
Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 represented 67% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately
46% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2016. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted for approximately
40% of consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31
 2015.




Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 management has not elected to report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value
under the fair value option provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    

Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company's assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and 2015. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure
of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time
to their maturities. At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#8217;s note payable and convertible notes payable are at fixed
rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.






Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory
quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated
forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related
inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.




Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.




Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the asset and liability
method for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in
which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company established valuation
allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit
that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability
for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax
benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were
no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued
or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to
examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.






Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $297
000 and $389
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016
and 2015
 respectively.




Comprehensive
Income

The
Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income (expense) items for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $797
435 and $620
862 in years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $374
687 and $140
370 in fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

We
use an accounts receivable factoring program with certain customer accounts. Under this program
 we have the option to sell those
customer receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remits payment
 we then receive the remaining
25%. We are charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the
factoring provider
 any factored invoices have recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we record factored
amounts as a liability until the customer remits payment and we receive the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. During the
year ended December 31
 2016
 we factored invoices totaling $542
083 and received total proceeds of $406
562. At December 31
2016
 we had factored invoices outstanding of $171
150
 and we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $48
601
during 2016. Comparatively
 during the year ended December 31
 2015
 we factored invoices totaling $99
258 and received total
proceeds of $74
444. At December 31
 2015
 we had $17
601 in factored invoices outstanding
 and we incurred fees associated with
the factoring program of $5
867 during 2015.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
March 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standard Boards (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;)
No. 2016-09

 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for
income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company does not plan to early adopt. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2015-11 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to
recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
    which is a lessee&#8216;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and





    
    
A right-of-use asset
    which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease
    term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor
accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified
the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities.
Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees
(for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified
retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases
that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition
approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2014-09
 ASU 2014-09 will supersede
virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised
goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or
services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09
is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most
current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company
will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial
statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-14

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December&#160;31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January&#160;1
2017. The Company currently expects to adopt ASU 2014-09 in the first quarter of 2018. The Company does not expect adoption of
ASU 2014-09 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
. The new guidance explicitly
requires that management assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and may require additional detailed disclosures.
ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
          We have adopted as of December 31
 2016.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#160;2015-11

 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
is part of the FASB&#8217;s initiative to simplify accounting standards. The guidance requires an entity to recognize inventory
within scope of the standard at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price
in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonable predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11
will be effective prospectively for the year beginning January&#160;1
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
ASU 2015-11 and has preliminarily concluded that it will not have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs
 which requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount
of that debt liability. ASU 2015-03 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015 and early application
is permitted. We have early adopted as of December 31
 2015.






Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the December 31
 2016 presentation with no changes to net loss or total
stockholders' equity (deficit) previously reported.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
439
739
    
    
    
415
953
    

    
    
    
340
298
    
    
    
248
713
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
158
    

    
    
    
780
037
    
    
    
683
824
    



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
    
    
70
140
    
    
    
64
288
    

    
    
    
8
607
    
    
    
8
607
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
38
831
    

Construction
    In Progress
    
    
34
603
    
    
    
31
253
    

    
    
    
152
181
    
    
    
142
979
    

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
    
    
(52
965
    
    
    
(30
974
    

Total
    property and equipment
 net
    
    
99
216
    
    
    
112
005
    



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
    
16
642
    
    
    
21
940
    

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 8%. The notes have a 2-year maturity and are due at various dates between September 19
 2018 &#8211;
    October 19
 2018
 and pay interest only on a monthly basis
    
    
547
500
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    notes payable
    
    
564
142
    
    
    
21
940
    

Less
    current portion
    
    
(4
537
    
    
    
(4
098
    

Less
    debt discount for detachable warrant
    
    
(131
849
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    notes payable
 less current portion and debt discount
    
    
427
756
    
    
    
17
842
    





Maturities
on notes payable as of December 31
 2016
 are as follows:

Year
ending December 31:


    
    
    
4
537
    

    
    
    
554
915
    

    
    
    
4
690
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
564
142
    




































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







There
were no convertible notes payable outstanding at December 31
 2016. At December 31
 2015
 convertible notes payable consisted
of three separate notes:



    
    
December
    31
 
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 5% per annum in the principal amount of $150
000. The original maturity date of June 13
 2015 was
    extended to April 1
 2016 during the period ended December 31
 2015 and was further extended to July 1
 2016. The note was
    convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $8.00 per share. On July 1
 2016
 the
    Company paid the outstanding amount under this Note
 including interest in full.
    
    
150
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

Secured Convertible
    promissory note
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $275
000 (the &#8220;Note&#8221;)
 payable in
    six installments (&#8220;Amortization Payments&#8221;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30 
    day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter. The Note is convertible at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the
    Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#8217;s common stock during
    the 5 trading days prior to conversion. The note was issued with an original issue discount
 which is amortized over the life
    of the loan. The Note is secured by all of the Company&#8217;s assets pursuant to the terms and conditions of an Amended and
    Restated Pledge and Security Agreement.(1)
    
    
272
708
    

    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note bearing interest at 0% per annum. The note was converted into Company's preferred equity financing on April 4
 2016.
    
    
50
000
    

Total convertible notes
    payable
    
    
472
708
    

    
    
    
    
    

Less
    discount on convertible debt
    
    
16
750
    

    
    
    
    
    

Total
    convertible notes payable &#8211; net of debt discount
    
    
455
958
    





    
    
On April
    14
 2016
 this note (the &#8220;Initial Note&#8221;) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (&#8220;Investor&#8221;). In addition
    on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest
    at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the &#8220;Additional Note&#8221;
 together with the Initial Note
 the
    &#8220;Notes&#8221;). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000.
    On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the &#8220;Exchange Agreement&#8221;) with the Investor pursuant
    to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal
    amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the &#8220;Note&#8221;) in exchange for a previously issued 14%
    secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding
    principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii)
    issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647
    with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the &#8220;Second Note&#8221;
 together with the Note
 the &#8220;Exchange Notes&#8221;)
    in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal
    amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016
    maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
    2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company
    paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306
378) in full. 







Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31 were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
    
    
(1
774
361
    
    
    
(1
200
378
    

State
    income taxes after credits
    
    
(344
435
    
    
    
(233
015
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
2
118
795
    
    
    
1
442
900
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(9
507
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
    
    
3
557
909
    
    
    
1
582
317
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
213
181
    
    
    
61
050
    

Total
    deferred tax assets
    
    
3
771
090
    
    
    
1
643
367
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
(70
816
    
    
    
(61
888
    

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
    
    
(70
816
    
    
    
(61
888
    

Valuation
    allowance
    
    
(3
700
274
    
    
    
(1
581
479
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At
December 31
 2016
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



For year ending December
    31st:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
297
000
    

    
    
    
272
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
087
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and
diluted net loss per common share in 2016 and 2015 are as follows:




    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common shareholders (numerator)
    
    
(5
251
293
    
    
    
(3
601
066
    

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
    
    
3
741
842
    
    
    
2
287
518
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock (Tables)


Dec. 31
 2016










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
                                    of
        
of
        common
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Issued
    and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Series
    A
    
    
3
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
932
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
333
    
    
    
125
000
    
    
    
2
500
    





The
estimated fair value of the warrants after relative fair value allocation at issuance was $2
010
502
 based on the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of common stock
    
    
    
    





A
summary of activity in warrants is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    
Weighted
    
    
    
Aggregate
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    December 31
 2015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
306
915
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
451
319
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeited
    and cancelled
    
    
(315
301
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at
    December 31
 2016
    
    
2
540
295
    
    
    
2.77
    years
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value
 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is presented below:



    
    
#
    of Options
    
    
    
        
Exercise
        Price
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2014
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
82
500
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(22
500
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2015
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
427
500
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
(16
250
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
    
    
521
250
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2016
    
    
144
973
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Non-Plan options.

(2)
60
000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options
 which were subsequently canceled under an agreement
with the holder.

(3)
427
500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16
250 options were canceled under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan




The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2016:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
    
    








Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of employee stock purchase plans
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The
following tables sets for the selected unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations data for each of the four quarters
of the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the
annual information presented elsewhere herein and
 in the Company&#8217;s opinion
 includes all adjustments (consisting only of
normal recurring entries) necessary for a fair statement of the information for the quarters presented. The operating results
for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company&#8217;s and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.



    
    
Three
    Months Ended
    

    
    
March
    31

    
    
June
    30

    
    
September
    30

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
463
474
    
    
    
504
311
    
    
    
607
847
    
    
    
532
674
    

    
    
    
207
305
    
    
    
236
095
    
    
    
236
993
    
    
    
147
569
    

    
    
    
(1
014
679
    
    
    
(1
309
500
    
    
    
(1
436
449
    
    
    
(1
438
991
    

Net loss available
    per common share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Three
    Months Ended
    

    
    
March
    31

    
    
June
    30

    
    
September
    30

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
070
    
    
    
304
414
    
    
    
352
081
    
    
    
721
053
    

    
    
    
107
208
    
    
    
146
763
    
    
    
184
557
    
    
    
393
700
    

    
    
    
(831
018
    
    
    
(688
060
    
    
    
(1
412
612
    
    
    
(669
376
    

Net loss available
    per common share basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















The merger consideration for the Acquisition consisted
of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC.





890



































With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2014




438
991)


436
449)


309
500)


014
679)


376)


412
612)


060)


018)


199
619)


601
066)









813
044)








561
751)








813
044)


561
751)

























910
622


881









088
066








317








088
066


317




082
290























400
000
























































750



































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































786


184





000


000





468


458





221


046





687


370





083


258





562


444





875


601





601


867




































































































































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.

























































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











739


953





298


713







158





037


824



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of other inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








181


979





965)


974)



Total property and equipment
 net

216


005










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








140


288










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








607


607










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








831


831










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








603


253







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








991


277







The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




142


940





537)


098)





849)





Total notes payable
 less current portion and debt discount

756


842



7.99% Notes Payable Due On December
 2020 [Member]








642


940

















8% Notes Payable Due On June 30
 2018 [Member]








500
















Description of the frequency of periodic payments (monthly
 quarterly
 annual).

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Long-term Debt
 Rolling Maturity [Abstract]






537





915





690










142







Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second rolling twelve months following the latest balance sheet. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015















708








750








958



5% Convertible Note Due July 1
 2016 [Member]




















000
























708
























000






 2016
 this note (the Initial Note) was transferred to MR Group I
 LLC (Investor). In addition
 on April 14
 2016
 the Company issued and sold to Investor a convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016
 bearing interest at 14% per annum in the principal amount of $300
000 (the Additional Note
 together with the Initial Note
 the Notes). The Additional Note had a maturity date of January 18
 2017 and an original issue discount of $100
000. On May 13
 2016
 the Company entered into Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement) with the Investor pursuant to which the Company (i) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $219
200 with an August 31
 2016 maturity date (the Note) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated September 10
 2015 in the original principal amount of $275
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $197
208 and $21
992
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor and (ii) issued Investor a 14% secured convertible promissory note dated May 13
 2016 in the aggregate principal amount of $302
647 with an April 30
 2017 maturity date (the Second Note
 together with the Note
 the Exchange Notes) in exchange for a previously issued 14% secured convertible promissory note dated April 18
 2016 in the original principal amount of $300
000 (with current outstanding principal and interest of $300
000 and $2
647
 respectively) with a May 10
 2016 maturity date held by Investor. During the June period
 $196
330 of the note was converted into common shares. On June 6
 2016
 the Company paid the remaining outstanding amount under this Note ($100
000) in full
 and on June 28
 2016
 the Company paid the outstanding amount under the Second Note ($306







Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jun. 28
 2016
Jun. 06
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 03
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
May 13
 2016
Apr. 14
 2016

































750













762




330









MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member] | 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note [Member]













































503













378


000















5% Convertible Note Due July 1
 2016 [Member]








































































































000


















Payable in six installments (&#147;Amortization Payments&#148;) as set forth in an Amortization Schedule beginning the 30th
day after issuance and each 30-days thereafter.


















The Note is convertible at a price per share equal
to the lesser of (i) the Fixed Conversion Price (currently $3.00) or (ii) 65% of the lowest trading price of the Company&#8217;s
common stock during the 5 trading days prior to conversion.


















Secured by all of the Company&#146;s assets pursuant
to the terms and conditions of an Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement.



















688


750







14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Initial Note) [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member]





















































000



14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Initial Note) [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member]















































208




000















992









14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Initial Note) [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member] | 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note Due August 31
 2016 [Member]















































200
























































The note was converted into Company's preferred equity
financing on April 4
 2016.









14% Additional Secured Convertible Promissory Note Due January 18
 2018 [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member]





















































000



















000



14% Additional Secured Convertible Promissory Note Due January 18
 2018 [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member]















































000



















647









14% Additional Secured Convertible Promissory Note Due January 18
 2018 [Member] | MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member] | 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note Due April 30
 2017 [Member]















































647







































































Discussion of whether the debt instrument is secured or unsecured
 and
 if secured
 a description of the collateral and guarantees required or provided.

























































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.

























































Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











774
361)


200
378)





435)


015)





118
795


442
900







507)











































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











557
909


582
317





181


050





771
090


643
367












816)


888)





816)


888)





700
274)


581
479)














Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as stock based compensation.















































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















600
000









































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000





000





087
000
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




000


000



















300














000









Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























This element represents the description of a lease related indemnification agreement including the nature of the indemnification
 the maximum potential amount of future payments the indemnification agreement could be required to make under the agreement
 the current carrying amount of the liability and the nature of any recourse provision that would enable the lessee guarantor) to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the agreement and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that upon occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the indemnification agreement the guarantor can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the indemnification agreement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











251
293)


601
066)





741
842


287
518














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details) - 8% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] - USD ($)





Jun. 17
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015






000


000
















932


















333









000









500























































































































































































The cash inflow from issuance of preferred stocks identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details 1)



























































































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details 2) - Warrant [Member]






















306
915





451
319)





301)





540
295















































































































































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of warrants that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event.

























































Refers to warrant weighted average remaining life in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for warrants forfeited and cancelled
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Issuance of Common Stock
 Warrants and Convertible Preferred Stock (Details Narrative) - USD ($)








Jul. 07
 2016
Apr. 04
 2016
Aug. 31
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 03
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Oct. 31
 2015
Aug. 31
 2015
Jul. 31
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015
Jun. 17
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




























278































687


370





























687


370











762


















330













000
000


















000





Number of shares issued
 value







000
000


















040
000





Number of shares issued upon accrued and unpaid dividends
 value





























































Number of units issued for cash
 value





















000








































Number of units issued for cancellation outstanding indebtedness
 value





















000



































142





























550


550





Number of units issued for services
 value



























975




























































538































152
499






























































306
915































000































010
502






























































000



































































Preferred stock
 authorized

























000


000



Preferred stock
 authorized

























000
000































333






































802





























Number of shares issued upon accrued and unpaid dividends
 value

759



















































528































000





























































Dividends are payable quarterly in arrears at the
Company&#146;s option either in cash or &#147;in kind&#148; in shares of Common Stock; provided
 however that dividends may
only be paid in cash following the fiscal year in which the Company has net income (as shown in its audited financial statements
contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for such year) of at least $500
000
 to the extent permitted under applicable law
out of funds legally available therefor. For &#145;in-kind&#148; dividends
 holders will receive that number of shares of Common
Stock equal to (i) the amount of the dividend payment due such stockholder divided by (ii) 90% of the average of the per share
market values during the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding a dividend date.






























In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation
 dissolution or winding up
 or sale of the Company
 each holder of Series
A Preferred shall be entitled to receive its pro rata portion of an aggregate payment equal to: (i) $1
000 multiplied by (ii)
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued under the Series A Certificate of Designation multiplied by (iii)
2.5.








































Number of units issued
 value





















000














































250




















499











750




















996































691





MR Group I
 LLC [Member] | Exchange Agreement [Member] | 14% Secured Convertible Promissory Note [Member]








































503































873



















































































Number of units issued for services
 value





















000
























































750


250


875



























250


250


625
























































000































000




























































500
















500















100
















500




























































184































277






























































434































970





























































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

































































































































































































































































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Priority of payment of dividends and restrictions on the payment of dividends
 indicating the source
 pertinent provisions and amount of retained earnings or net income restricted or free of restrictions.




























Describe the contractual rights of preferred stockholders to receive dividends or returns from the entity's profits
 cash flows
 or returns on investments.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]










000



000






500



500















250)



500)






250



000






973







Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Abstract]






































































500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16





000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options

























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.






















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



























































Period the instrument
 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Measure of dispersion
 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













687



370






391


















000








The exercise
price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 20 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock
on the date of grant.









900









277









083









230









900









383


















500



500






500









250



500















691

















The exercise price per share of each stock option
shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.









000


















500


















449

















At December 31
 2016
 there were 43
750 options issued
under the Plan outstanding
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting 6-months after the
grant date
 and 75% in year two.









000









750


















500















































500 options granted under 2016 Equity Incentive Plan; 16





000 options granted under 2015 Stock Incentive Plan; 22
500 non-plan options

























































































































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















Nov. 04
 2016
Sep. 19
 2016
Apr. 04
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Jun. 22
 2016
Jun. 17
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Nov. 30
 2016
Jul. 31
 2016






















500












Each Units consisting of 1 share
of our Series A Preferred and a 3-year warrant to purchase 667 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price
of $2.00 per share.

































000
000






000







































































































































000









































































































































792









000
















000
























































075















500








500


500










































000







































































































































000

















































































000

















































































000


























































000














000








































000












000















































Each
unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock purchase warrant.



























000






















































000
















































000














000



































































000












500



































































653

















































































000

















































































769






























































000






















































000






















































000






















































000






















































000






















































000















































One
share of Common Stock and a Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share



























000

































































































































000






















































000

















































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.






















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































000
000


000



Number of shares issued
 value











000
000


040
000



















































000











































900
000













923















Number of shares issued
 value

000




































000


































000























































000

















000




























923








500







Number of shares issued
 value









750


































































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



























674


847


311


474


053


081


414


070


108
306


702
618





569


993


095


305


700


557


763


208


962


228





438
991)


436
449)


309
500)


014
679)


376)


412
612)


060)


018)


199
619)


601
066)































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( .Z ?TH?(\\#P    !


X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

M740?P&-F_GSS#4R-T6?Z#GUD1)[RC=C:+ML,&[%D3D:@(Q'C:74Z*;FOL^

QT@6ORP!X*-E!4$8NLL6YB!15R)HJD=&DQDN4]GO


MJ.




!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
&UL?5;;CML@%/P5RQ^P&'R)'261<E'52JT4;=7M,TE(8JUM7#)

P^#$SO16J6?^^
KZA-(PZ+/_SNZLTG S$JUQ




&VB_P(
]=X &9B
MP?&$N;$?P5US $
F%AV##E]CXD=PEQW3*G )L:Q'X&X*@ FGE!O8Y]*Y/$




GO$\8^P?AN6E[;[U!^^'


W





<ABP(!J:HDTN4ARE0
MFJJ87IR&F*$H55H7R<7)HQ0H2W6,+V!@ZJPLBM@1U:&4UF1L
0#%2A1-6$8
M TNT5I.I3'5@70H_R$
5*51UM(8WR+!2@0:R5V&$*'7@+R0\\5!%H)YDG(IJ

&5JS'A(B5D/&$VR.PEI0E[


MT)[GKS#Y[5/0^C]02P



T:1* UZ&YYUJY_]
)/$H\UM$=#.!FCPW1:(@





MV7OOCNB*9.4D6=DD*X-DY4IB@-B:&Q0!=)]1T.+(H'E(P0= '*);)#=.R\ F

M*%0SDVTVW%5#1]!NO(?!]#%0_@-02P
$%     @ [H!_2C(:VING P  (0\
R=^C6U=M,-OM+VT
M75U.LW@K9?YC/)ZJX7@=[V1RN


#-YHL

[H.FB$5

MSJW,X '(5 2FAD2 H]HPT(0LGS3NWQG-%FS M1@C^34GGLN)Q)2')N0A


'/-UHBG
&-+EUQ:O_ 5!+ P04     #N@']*). F#6T%  !9&P



;CQSG

MJBB:R??M9E=?35=-L[^8S^O'5;'-ZR_EOMC%_SR7U39OXFWU
J_W59$_=4;;
MS9R3Q
^W^7HWO;[LGMU7UY?E:[-9[XK[:E*_;K=Y]=^BV)3O5U.:?CSXNGY9

MKT^N)RV5A[+\UM[\]G0U3=J








3.:VQ[A!(_))


QOB
MAAEAC6&@


M#=

M$A8PHP5
G28 C

6#NP!  #X



$$
 DMB5&$@R!!C+2=GZ<V
M=Q1YR@=%VPZ.PI
#8T3\V0/E8^:'_B7QVM:-
@F4ISVIX3NH'_U1Z @M*F7+
MH)

W$WPI

(D[=G9;[I;J;/G/(QPBLY&
M:
;L)PR^P42WF(

=@=XG(V6EDZ=%-B=@ML'$*
M;*S YD8@61W5A$DLIK.88-7%/2+Y%.-'MY'8:21V&-FNC
3_-7*/P-$V61\I

%VDSP
MH-TT^AE: @J5
MNMWHOI

M7\7PO=?D#'_$( FP=E&T0 LLMFA[K4V4Q%C;2B4EV;Y]*=GQVC.'VYM84@Z'


FPW^^93-^M?=KNZ^W?5
M;-NWF[F=OU_XO'E\&L8+R]OKY_JQ^:





?Y[
M
]R C@WHU
.
MO$[)&1P@P !!I62=%3D=-/[,*N64A&JM5391C-A,A&8B,-N@E74W=@0O9B'



 %3G)6QNH%IEGA;6%
#H)H%
^




H)YTEJU\^T
Z4Q&57H
8LY@!BX-D
6O$YKXJ(\VOD?#2_.7W
M*PQC9_1B'PJWI





MJ0
H3WM


M7GPI
]?3@H! (34#5L


?5]%EVO]&)A&?(=/
M;\(WS.NV$\Z%2=7.INDJQB0H



 &!!VV/BLV?4$E

\C;&CR5/LG6PU' VQO5+_#Z Q&C
M6WH)/+=UXT* Y6DG:O@![F=W--YC


GG4L&X-*^L#_$WGTO)V'A
:DJGY;W &Z=.#$E^C0&GCEQ2]=:@F%B]%
MB??Q;'4\AXG_ EL'\ G /P'86@J_RJ<R%.# S'C[#L1KGB[YWXV10C&4<1_
M7KSUT7.^O=VE[!R(IIS#F
.7.7
&\^QS;Y6XL#_@?-U^&Y5X2[=W\I3-8)

W6I+


M


AB[&B*#'LGA8:C(;97BIO?!Y XY'1++X%GT;0N

M5CG=!$$@H72!@?OC# \@92#R
MXF3CJ7#

UPG258(T$J3_
M;7$MY_93$;:8J0+3Q&VRI


MC=_SLS'YB.;)=@./NI;4$[Y_HC8[;J0'%[@SUH?].@4=QYT[3
]@9X'4%*





M1'/


M

M3Q8MMK#40H%VPFABH2GH?7(X[D-\#'@2
+K5F81*SL8\!^-+7=!=$ 02*A\8





KN

DT



W&\7
MN 


MTG7
$L$\^Y(BW4IQ3/^!I]OP_:;?83O_U8;1-DFP19)
C^6^)6S/5?2=BJ
MIPI


=19$E4!:
;[9W#$MI*%%

TLE

MB8*
'Q


-OYU@ZP ^ ?@
.*0\;$R4

_P<=J_-M(X\@%?7C9U/\:T4.0LKD)(]2&#S8;




@#7YW?VK[%V7\M96+A']5M6KLWI#245U&)0[@G';S#7\XF2N?@'N(#R
MX4&)SU&BLG$EY6 =ZIG%2]'B9=IE%_=QNN'7

0^;$D7E7X03


MCM?^;*8QFPR'_?R#V/*-BS=02P

  !D

0B47Q.=@?*H+F@1!H*!R@4'X[0H/H%0@\C)^+IQT
M31F V_









M-JZDZ*U#/;%X*5J\C[MLXSZ
-]=\@JT#^ 3@
V ?\[ Q453^()S(4X
#
6/O


MG*_#MZL*MQ&^_4/A[3K!;I5@%PEV_RUQ+6;_5Q*VZ*D&4\=ILJ3 OHV3O/#.






X$OA-M(8%.@F/D7X421&1R)F7K?B_#$
MZ8'[WI3!&5L1[WSRUGLO!4\^9^P2A&;

RK+R'X5H@C_X?.M^F[

O WO'X



E;M!:V%]'
M4&;


MV)LR.&
KXAV*=^B]%#SA&;L$HCGF.

M$;[_0^%^FR#=)$@C0?K?$K=BTK^2L%5/-=@F3I
CI1FZ.

M:=J_]O(SI&S\?BRL?^U,1Y0RNX*1ZC%#[88FH?CC=XMM.8388W_?R#V/*-
MBW=02P
$%     @ [H!_2D:[FIVU 0  T@
$-;O91O;4C91E$JMM$K4]IFUQQ<%

]HXUQT8LT4#2M@K[$#[
MFPJ-$LZ;IF:V



8\;$P4E3\()_+4X$#


8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-\P]0
M2P
$%     @ [H!_2KAQ4.RU 0  T@

=EH[)-K 3QYT:IS.6V][X^
N;(%+=R-Z:'#F]I8


:K!-G9'2C-T<9)7WF5@[WA\D]_AT[0_-O(
MSI&+\?BRL?^U,1Y02G*#(]3B!UL,!;4/Q_=XMM.8388W_?R#V/*-BU]02P,$
M%     @ [H!_2GCPL=:T 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M

 *!!VV/2LV;0O5Q97DN/W[




M'\8;_F&K0/X!. SX;E86.BI/RC*+(G!V(&WO?B?C$VP/'WI31F5J1[E\
M1^^EX'R;L4LDFF*.8PQ?Q+Q%

'+]K4!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

RYX

YG1
+/_
M/,'6 7P\!EP$_.P


M@']*;B!B;]

M5V%OFS 0_2N('UPP8142:2FT[1)FU1U6O?939P$%3SG:3[]S.&LLP\?RG8
MO'OOSKZ[7%=7J=[T20@3O3=UJ]?QR9CN/DGT[B0:KN]D)UK[Y2!5PXU=JF.B

/W2!I/FKWA[?L'^V<7O WF

OK%S$&Q.)HC/Z;N(C:PGM/K
9.UMK]C79G
M;60SLEA7&OX^/*O6/:_#%Y:/9MB C@9T

W*R6OD1H.O^/]
M'9-[:L]FUV^ZHW#?K//:[EXVEY6R:4G&C'; 4-O,&1))9]DJ!(8DMGYA2;


(LL

M]1 4N'L2J%0*/S;AZ# ]1-8K@^$ @H_ 2 HD $$US7) (6? Q 42 *RY^
MVL[]-(@4![@#D#FY3U+:8A+ W(X!Y Y@5.EIFO [H Z4;;@,$U#B;I1L

M_ 502P
$%     @ [H!_2B.'41ZY 0  T@

@1EAHQN
MZ+OC2=:-#PZ6IYVHX3OX']W)HL5FEE)J:)TT+;%09?1N<SCN0GP,^EA<(LS


G%DQ%


N;(%+=R5Z:'#


S[7,\G2N;BO\$%%,)#)ABC-,K%E92#\T;/*IB*
M%J_3+KNXC]--FLRT;0*?7PAW
8X; H4

MG]-M@713((TZ3\E\@\E;F'V'X*P54\UV9.DR.E&;HXR2OO
K!W/+[).WR:


O




X$NA$
@D
DH9/Z1659D6HU(3V??
W_%VR-U9U/Z8#B*









Q@TB2O
MO




V

)Z5?30=@T9L4O2EP9^UP)
14
M'4AF[M0 O=MIE);

M
OWK!$)-!=[A]\ +;SOK Z3
!];5[#?AK-V*[*JU%Q;[CJD8:FP ^[XRGS


XS3OI8:'%70AT)5P#YD-@J9?V26E;E6$]+SV0_






MI$L:V9::3M
FK5+4:=MO8E_;J.#K 8[;MR]@U_
Z_P'NY9QS/[BD YIGVP X

M-GF*O5.RA;

M-JN44D-K
M);;$0)71^\WQM OX/@E8;+


%#/_
M+)S(4X
#



M=


@!24/C (WYP#TH%(I3Q
M9^:D2\H 7)_?V+_&VK&6LW!P;]23K'R;TUM**JC%H/RC&;_!7





BYX;6QM5.MNVR 4?A7$ Y08)TX:
MV9::3M
X+A]^P)V/3?CC^$<OLLY&$A'J5YT V#0J^=
MSG!C3'\D1!<-*;O9 ^=7:FD$LS84-5$]PI8Z4F$[K9)$2PML-YZG-GE:=R
M,+SMX*R0'H1@ZNT$7(X9CO!'XJFM&^,2)$][5L,O,+_[L[(1653*5DG6]DA

O[.
MFGBQ=


1K[R+\RP
M/%5R1&K:^YZY7QP=J=V;PB7]5O@U6[RVV6M.[^.47)W0C#E-&+K1 N6/7%



M:&5E=#

[+&-EHL+

M2@MJ7:@[8@8-M DDP4F6)/=$49Q583
M)IY9UUN?(%4QT Z^@_TQG+2+R*K2
 '2

MS2N389T6_2LM3L@60G9#('.AX/P3M;0JM)J0GL]^H/Z*TT/FSJ;VR7 4X9LS




M^_L


M!/R0




MJQEN(WV[I//]NL!N56 7!7;_E'CX4.(:YOY#$+;HJ09;QVERI#!]&R=YX9T'

MTTT_B
W?./\#4$L#!!0    ( .Z ?TKZ






XT?_2D^AA


MW-R;&



;8\+2J_UN;8R5X

)1
M-($

H:K=1


M(DR0

M'\\:2-9QS)0OC&JI@#R# @* R

:4D# /3
MJG/U(YZQ<E^?<MKPX^Y4'OPU6A[B+ZM#Y;&^ R-%@@87Z+1JCDC?\@W)_9U

M='


M ;0$T. LA\&\6 6P'1S&QJ]:=*5[M-K^Y!/Y_6M1HO!7OB9C
/X^*T=]-W
MIMO!K+[M./%-]#8F6C#[&4
K#'L@(I/]48)0B3TYX9S$QQ(EPB2X(=]\F!
M^) @M?J8


M4UAT
J=.P041L^BX
$
Z%BFFDT


Q#SSG%4!
MZ12 CM7VOG#J)(+BW'*&TH45!?G.BL78@6+ AVP+BIU*(DZ3U


CP
@6V ):NXK(UY460BXLR=/

QD
$FPP#+B
(IR!L# 2

GS,S',_#Z/SBU;79=.'M/^[C]02P
$%     @ [H!_2LE7D%(% @  ?@4

SMW

JL/MZ';@#@-B#6([F)$BQB#)K&:
MUFHBLMV0[2*+0Q;&V]FAW.%$3IS(@1

MQ(D=.
D9ZV)EBCQD6_I3AUDR1.DL1!LEF0)*L7L$F#@QDA[4L24F*HP4.
MFOT)YF;Z1L6E;J5WXDK_5/;3+SE7HV#!YVMTI?A-&!0*M/=Z+X8KH1AH'@W

M. $M8&H[8?OWM0U+4RZV1=\.W-\9O





9?#TL7=\H8B7;*T-!=7-A&U:6ADGK^-V3

MKL/9/FF*4311

?!1/4
M9HZ* IPDL)@4%)


+AM!QXH^O



M1N+5:DTX;07.


MF1/A'@B1.O_$I*1D'P0?#5)B,RG^H4:FF=*#DB%Q^JHZXEHE]AB%L[H:^?O
M;+;:6B]YLMYDY.*$1LPA8.(9)IH0Q*I/+N(E%X?XAAY_=G\123QLH=D
8G$

X ^JZE9H=);&-H]_XDI* S;(



LR*7XNK)[MMJF2T*
MM(C

'F'0@ A



M*T

MH.8RNQ4(-+V58-23:RZ/;GPI;R?.C9N=H]-A1*ZPZ^FO\&Z^?F/R6#;*VPIM


MDH


M&%_JP@]
0DA4H:!Z.4&3TI(=)I_)HY_472!*[W'^R?;.VZEC.1\
3ISZY6








&+;.N_ -02P
$

M9D
\4

6[E'*=H:0*(ZT)N*)M;11(WO&

WW!&GNB;\SY)6[+)P


4K!+F
MWRE.0K*ZCZ*HU.2M^Y:-^5ZZD3CLW6 'OW?P!X?4N^L0] [!X(#OSQ#V#N'$
M 76I&&W61))\SMG%X=WRMD3O(CP+E?J%-AJQS9B21RCK.0]2?X[..E/6748
M?X29(-8V(OB ($5@8.&#+'SC'URQ.   1@@
 'JP#A) T;$Z:3/#I(;!-
M!TG\Q$MA*B%()02H1!

XE )A' ))XPL3$6D\AB$D91
M%MT0)0:IQ 5! Z0@ &2QW=(@9(']@A-L82([67)?+4#Z:2@50R@
H--;$'
M5ZWWN!SX1N'C?PNR!$'9]'BP099L/6:LFW^GLC!\3&#?II/=D![#!P4._D
Y
MN




M;)68[7*C-A2&;\7#!2Q(1WQE;
]TLYO&
^U
9G?:_B:V'#
+R 42;^^^ BMN



M. TN
?+\&UP9#2?SQH^
MT=!4<X\T8JKY@C3Q5/,5:9*IYL'56!G_KQ8DD<4*)UJ-DB3732A;NRENQQV


6X14GFM]ZYEFT&&@*V:L$

LPO(R#6GTN
+Z





#R](9;@%GD:+]T
MZG49T_5R;VLQ9!SLA;G'!6'(Z ;($-&#)[








09@-@


U9$'BTQ)/I0,&,'LO6Y 7.T(E%[);ZTR;]#,
M.DW91V3FPL*^U]-W&)9O88;1_8.*:]U*[\25GCIV-EPX5Z )PP?=IDI_+:8#
M@XLRVU3OQ3 SAX/BW?@Y*9O4O$?4$L#!!0    ( .Z ?TJJJ\8H5P(  '4'


_O;X8P+@8N7F3%


M]J:70YURSI9\RX0[+@./\+5%@(38!4_:S;(JWE@4MEQ_F(67P_K$!@BUK]
M


M44]\^

M9ROU[J6
45)$%V
T:3:C!EUIT*UBNU3@?Y)( \P4R$N!;#R^H4C]!MAK@*U!

H
.S
ME*40)
!/DWAI$D]Y

MI[J3P8XKW4IMPSMRKICV P\ZM4K?@?.B84=EID3/Q7@1C O%^^F2B^:;MOP+

M:&5E=#0W+GAM;(U5VXZ;




MYD D/'/ZNSVJ9A
NP^ ()W*FZH4/7V!
* N#

Y2
QPQ_DVCE)TB\





MC%510\O4D^BA





Q

 G0/H6

M(


5FF.HNU2M$\((7Y0[ 7%/M!N!?*($OH0
AS45POVLEA ;C29Y,UK5YC^8!ATK;;F+Z<KR5XT+



$0PD4$Z9*J:J56BJ[J
M];=#-@&=C:GMA.O;UQ^$(\17]0^VU[

MJQH8D0^\@U;O'+E@1.FE.'92 'F\0HPE&4(4::-BP+&]N)LN!G19L6=B*0
M9\:(^+

!Q'3[%
MJVUN\!;PTD O)_/ 5++G_-4LOA[6860
 85*&0:BAPML@5)#I&W\'CC#4=(D


M2_U$%D+P?M N,OJB/DGXE6B#[,R07MV=D]7*W7T4J9I6J+(1HP&X?!$TP\

'$61='
RCTL
MR=
I[

SL.\SC1P1'^0&7A55EX5)9^@LQ+D'D(\IG-[.XXXN2C

ML_A&MR[7:=YI7-_[3L2I:66PYTH_6?NPCIPKT:C!WUCM6ZUXX+49GI4L^%



=E'<.9<@189K72S:CT6
MIP.#LS+;M=X+-QS<0?%^G'MH&K[%?U!+ P04     #N@']*H'W\)T

M@D&243/93783


M7&$+&
M PL9G%]/L)25Q.+Y%?U6YBUP.B

S*-(YS0!?
WTGR#
M+I_ -+KD?\ 5L(!+)T(C(YBI?R.[




O$:E22:_\-JK
V4HPL-A7!WH:U:?W:#W_RY1B&

LV2

M10CR&Q$
L\!%YJC('%8WH@@F#S13)4)$
(XAL1!'.GD!S5R!$-BA
L4(+%
M SW%
'=ZND1%E@_T%



+U_Y




]M2\7?
5
MX-= #)O?4_.-847TWNS

M8!);

M

MH0(1(HY0
1




ML5?T?_C0_?R@XEAW

M0
W6[EX;





EV
MNLD


TV3]C7G



M1\%




B

M4;1?*/:= 2(8A0@&!0PRW2B9;B@


&CJ2+$D1A2V@

M$#C!_4]$_6@ +9QV^%#1Y(6C2-(P:T8(T6(!
8T((U6@2\OF*% R(WKQ45
MD8#*-TV6H)


 K


SP:%@7Z+TH8 Y]]QS
M+_:)/;^R^KTY4<JMCR(OFX5]XKR:N6ZS.]$B;1Q6T5*\.;Z2+EXK(]N4]4T


MA6(14HKTH[MF97N]*OY;&!R 50!^-

M/4%

M'NQQGND/9

]H#KD_N\9Z8']%@




L
MCN-E





M)-H)1%&\


M\2I*AFT@3ESL EL@Z&+;9\6F+Z@N7DF.V[]?ZA*M3 [3YB&6J.$9GB/.D.+R

\?6L;\WL.NA2


Q'+LJ;_K_



K





M%?8M!NPA\6PV&;8'ANS!&2W8K7 A?%
*VP
#

M5CG0JC




. ^-2V:COOONW3




MQP-VT=PSDB@\-^.2;%QRNY?87K+M)4*:).''H_CQ*&+&+&VTX#B-XZUHWHJF

CP#AGBD 4=6+X#.SZB2TL\%;P-Q]MP


ME4J*.D9GE


M7*@^DP!;DBN(2*0-B?32X4 #&DF.1@#H$M!(


B^8L
M

#:6T4C
#X0;)
MK9CD%G'UY$7!THK=&95D@Y+PK XHHIE=7T3KZD;375_B!:
!2#0#$@&V2 T(




7



MN5_VN9C9652O]8%SZ;SE65'/W8.4Y:WGU9L#SY/Z1I2\4$]VHLH3J8;5WJO+
MBB?;AI1G'O9]ZN5)6KB+63/W6UFXBBSM./E5
?\SRI_BYY)LYS%[GO$T_I



03RX0%-$D)#
M#\(9)) #8%^-@=F.RSA



M=[&U.V@\40_DP\W'OU[YI0%=ECYD-

MD)$50+0D:UD2H)ARPWLUD(GHH4EB@-#G?ERH#ZVY*
J!3!

MM0(!8^



Y+JK4%%ZI#U/_&WW<JH9O@3]3?:U&]UZSDC=C


M
-E?Z;X^3?W(]_;ZD%RR^KNYKG6_GM#W^L7_JM]U9O$F$NMC9[*J_?5VEZHV



MH0



MN!CC




MOF-1BH&$/J


M+[J#
;6VP9
'^RXYV0/7








5M4J95].E05S4<5_A+U?(Y@ASO(-?
9EY_!*I&V6
M7&7;K(:%M2CU<KU&*5]%^^0!J=+Q]_( N^:-T9[:=0H?V@!M@8'7@E ; [L


M.8


JS



M&=SZ.
-Q/!FNXL7
/IJAT-[0WPHGGJ*DCN#4I[LK$(NJ#/  ( )BX*]JGZ[K
M[[=MH3DR\TF0_HZ?D7F1YM$[V&9R@Z



T7_C?VYN9E/
MG75K@/Z)MQ[MGGOKL:=

)5DIO'U$D0#4O
M=JE[

#7S


@


MZ6@YIZM4;*/I[IFVN0CVU#[5\T[C'FN@S4'1P
]'J1
C59DJC$=PJ')[QZ

M_?:=





M/E#XJN


M)3C

-7

M TK;//IQF_P32/
;LAHC-W1C8!K)9E
B!^('-^F.IL2^GUUVV-'CM]G-[04J

P




?/HHWLR\6.0&


4(%:!32A#]V4





POD0_P7$

M\.$U/6W@'^=P
=;BHZ\G1E

1_ M_!^R5A3

MP0N'+5 +GFFQFVY =)MLHNFP8W7K#E.I 1*

[P7^$$Q



M;O=@;0#\AD-.16[%AF93Y# %%\ A.PHD3:*P2OX;J\C $]MP2_I..'$ZC76]


*#P=(MZ(#P+F+Z?DNOT
S*;G(=

6FE&!H*#J?;]R.2C(%[EM+J
\-['.8%




$.?&YC')1K[^&*P5J-[2Y[!-$CVZ-IKUA%XB-/F$OGG@E?=
MN#Y


[7 9H0W(G1ZBJ8N


.^9:@J T\\GPTF]/[S


M32H#


M@Y%:2Z%(UK7)2BXW!#]0_Z@UK^%$K+


M:PGV
'KKR.%!@0G0K8%A32N




M1#-\YYQ
/IZDU'G#=*@+H5G8
M %0(.&<WJ9BA^8:V4A6(J[W*J-H 09-+24((8(JJ_W^QB1*<YJ_9APBWJ?
MO+V NPUW@HXHFNPTJE,*WGUZQ5O%IDJ&FC[)@*S&]%64)E5S*4:$9Q97@TA
0'#8G;0
!3]N.+]Q
=

ZN:B8/KL1F

32GFWV2V1H N
MP%YO7M$#-Y2'5Q2(*.J$!#_CZ!/



M.VRO04.CC7I-]'G'LS-
+1NU\.)_OG+F7UEB][3O-6?)(WS%89Q:2J$-Z&6Y
! A]'PQ& &L*;Y59]55/AKK3:";7.'5
M*.P/9!]?$PKFL@67[(:?=<[7#LH&9/;QALL]@P:\[A!XW]YONC[\J4UENZ+

3^GD





MVE\#X971H-8A1TDR^I/+O@B_1\GQV2X#A2LZ0Q_D'IWRC)11:IQWD\.TB8@L


XH0!
M#_6AL

O\\Y_M4
_
UUJ3=S*O*3?-$LFQT$:
8





M*'1]O-4Z*.&O;7D4VF++Y;0FML@#L..1ZCR8K^S].:-TE#V!XOD
D



%89Z;U[KA\ GK5
M4#;@W8&*@WE_[3 E*%.XZK
MS


02LE1[5GU
M4^P


8BO#5_O
DC
MC.(A+MD%0!:?0Y-O=(2X!80J[(U E\RA0D=/@?J&IFMZ\_2H0RD!-%]4TCGU




MJA4!Y$(&0XB7K1IA/&ZH--_=AG=1_GCLTX J?5_Q9'3.%+WOF0R]RV2QF=M

^X-T9*%2G.JI_/26D

EDQKPZ'P_CY7Q\(E2)2_R]PLG2IML2?U^Z(<U)%58


MA80OND(H.

-@29K6.'%U%&HR Y'/
MF6@)R?^4BS?XD17G5+#I=Y*K1UCYNP(/MX3&K'9+F&GE6R8;@4,NKM%K9:].
M/.FQ1,EJ+




H) J 6MS
DJ=APOOB/P1:T
KI58\399S+ZS_
/Z


M

M/$HTGV4\'XZ

YT.NT#
MS F!8/TX;Q)(QVAU&GU


M]O+R%WW+_%0


MM#\!]CBJVUVDZ@DI[Q,?MOF+(^4-EX5
)_C9VR1DJ%YUG2&ET-%4**7G

MU

M75@:*W8A\7G2H

?N(HZ]SR5=]-&WFP

M%4C0G





JG#!\6;
MZ^4-);Y#AYYU!LZ57Y]4CG!X29!%)&)JHSF-+J+?B-(R=E3GY %+O943 -_R

](TW\4?=?
HSR%

M$$
&L*8S^8468XM!T?F@DVH\#


EUD3C&VK%5@YY54:C'VP]


L



VE.VX;_




(#U6

M?






MRPXI:D[1]M+(8S+XSF0(2UXLSYVJYZM!6AH@O-M=83+RQGMJZG4:E)-KZP[6




60UAU/ET ANY&?H

M[B_0


TK0SJ5+VF/\7AHR&(VZK[%_+F)E5TN.
M%6A%(EZ@&X&
54'2$^X[
)%L]V[DG!MLO*P%G5R6()4'MZT/9(J8Q&^GC15+
M!)KEUQX*FH]2$D#3CYVB8N#[SQ-%4BRV0Y;M'$NFE
8V
XQR.]4&WUTX?&
MIC2@Y]1;L;D1K

C#I^G%JT'4&,6$HWRRS6@$_S%\Y +6(X2
2'%2[EKM*(YL:#J2XIODH\;X&DKAD
M<QWA-L]',=B_N,_/QU,R@VUV5I!<P4O@)@A-)*',1&IP2EPA15-+I$.64WLV
MM-YM:7?_VM':3/15\C3J:#!<PI=AM5RI R2+99#ZV-0\9? 3- 0*O&L#FB+
M\?2.S+F15#S$4@T5D)+KMEA\M&5X[O#0ZE
J@%/-.0XZP3XMNQP!1-3J@+A#
MZU *4X17F@V+N_NZI.I^3MYS-Y2;$G46KCW+*?;V;H #FNT.N]ZJP2)]Y+$6
M@Z72H\YY!%I
0R'70
_TC;5WA07;!D%8
-2KVH9A)3N8 [$8
)$?5O##4GX
MG7$\]:

@#9PF&ZY]&FA:PUD]][O?4&U\GCYL H!@PI
M#RCL\;_6Y0;/XCTA25'HA3B47G_@GZD()$7J14H4AQJOD3A'I=L!NZ^O2ML

PSYZ/9I-X
MM<)@A@VZ8]YKZ!S$:-=X&,]7HV;EA<[2$G[3D*8 E4V2
/J$G0X
!2&0-R3

S6&286A;/O$F=1J]R
MN62*!+D
X#$H@^/%@N9N0:7]
UU*J-'-E#J5^K/%8!1-F25U0=,Z



M/U9\6)C9Q+@1N

M]&J
H/&6L#56V)X@9J-N

M;R##]'^6#(MX=)0






M/#4TJ.^U]


MJM !?O


SG^/1+1A_\3'G;F)OP#G/'

M#AC649F*RR\ITL]Q1*E]E.47_A98@B*AV:=' 757#0UFZ7S#W=OEV!5%%L79

KW?=3W\)T'
M

MK
3.QKPBAKDEA)6_QZJH\CH_X-L%]Z8_ZGMPL

VL&EEG#7[JF\S$,U4DVJI$A&S5ZTE0B*OVRA_*18%4W!
MU
0*9!/(=ZMXF YWD;ED;OB).
;X#=ZB3[QGGB?





M;LL9O]W5'DGYQU**$S H3$4UH%PO53D@A##TJE^1!Q5
7'(YCF-7G!N'#4N!









M^%KE+2HW\
MV[AK_'^-N284RWM+QYC(E&-](4[+C'H'_YMO43C6=V5;96:PF_1T:*T2]5
M$B?.+PB3K'=TR%N



M
K91Z








7PKG'G!Z3D\CKD=;

RP%E&&T%S-
I0S1.G2PD?E!HD7RQVUWB'M*

IY$M



M8H\VH^5

MGY4?+V\1S?F:JGC)WV@.'\DG'/WW(?^:;FWMW



$@MK#.8E;N$JRB]




'^602SV<3E$IXR)1L/71Z[#B
M_@$;)AXT_#U;D#EX_98:LQK;51^XYK,KW+<GAS^1;.](7'
FFG#RZ1;/?
MOR./
;1Q21VG\'/TA_E9\('BLGL:5S^V6SCB![@9J^0!X?VISS^CU6H5O0?V



MJ..C*95
T1YK8
#4!+)0VHDN8\%;2R%27]D:-QQQI

MO\5.1\ +\Z\8)OM_ XDY)H9$Y: FEOZ9:J!C-+'-^J]__N5+F]N!S!WD^3?M


E]!*+
M2&5@AX41'P4F4UIHEYB^_ KF?GKEUUS:GF#24&7;%]I8G-)

9




M!-D0\G$='?:DA\P'*^V
$'Y^(9+V/FV67J'ZT-$7E[_HM2 C;O[\UX_1JP]O
M?H2C\I[[SGF2KO



MD/K9]CXY?



_GQU
M=='IO6 /[[C+E:


I_YUF5S7JG@C+_=+&C3-[#T@(LLPHDQ$

5E;YI<J!P;-(=_BQ#A6\7L


M5/BVU(&(.O\5V

NHI4U0 E7[)J5@#.BA0B D*#V&5@9?



W3@X2)5I*L%2;3S T%BX%J6X0/(U

C;+D6P\?KIP DK\8+\

NKOC(RH
M
!
LU\9?PG.N(E_R %KO7X


MA


C+?[8Y(?_6%I^]


M&L3Z:G_M;?.%O5@N&1/SC*4_NG)=#]A+!4:!78M([:]DK4T*V+6/Q4IM^Y33




C_DPQ*3M
MSN&Z ;6C0D-;UE
' @:%^
L_(GKOEE/E%T)D\WUB9+FPE*J]$'?L.G=^NV

ME;]
1RO



+KV.KB\YZX!@F1KN.=-_M09YQ9FOU^3LMRJHM).1\]51

X^^QME

&3Z

M]S&'I3U@/)
I/Y9+BS0RW[05K7Z+^J2B
MCHSV@+&V@5HD:SB^F!+!-FQ:VR0M[IR(?IQ#0MTL4\H*7HO_)J'Y5ANE4L@
M?P


P6PK9;0=):@](KH5O7SA1&E.

M)




MO\D8%AF0*-@5@@
1PGHRCQ?+.4$GGD^H#:?60SG: +W)[2]]XGQN$.=2B/-6



MD/K7M*TJW+S+G7LD!*FU%&%;XB[+3:C:M)@&VRZ1AQ#_X;5^Z'K0=#U(O\!(
MK?V%=!FA:+
MXW

1
M?K7@_NX4]LO=RX1%Q
?G

EOYS

M

Y(_UB1P:;-$$G59B
MK.?)9AVIM567

Z

L^?JEDJ





C%*@X(8VG1;EIGW0=@1?O?\C?RB=U7


MUB0I01SK/ H(_*4W+WR=


HI

MKEZ+N(Y07'MSE9HC71I?A^*Y\5\(500X\/ .J\4D['B4%#?B\$^4. CTJ\
MDXDO=V#+'!+.R;AGCL+67!!Q_(R=

^[DB?
0 PE
MR+E$+\T0:ZFIO



(*XX=8W\0#/7XY$_WN011FP1E[BTO(93 3Y!1XA[FZOZ






MTM?!AV0WSF3MYQ)A^X

M\?AH)K8/Z4



MKN&:Q
5A\SSGX6*R]?7RBR7JSUWHV.!HA)*#WJ*FQ4+_WMZB1K;XE-ZB?DO4
M@+.E[


M6D#WG*5EQ_'B8@)])?F/[DZ^.NBPA;MRH-L.FPP$OC;K;@)O.$(R/OTD1J
M?$A2 D2@H%\2M9;Q[#NJ!T



VX

M29[%*
:BWKIZT]3CM
&!;?S:-$\UG&\^'(2*HC@^3H%BX3;;)W6F?+V:
D
M6JWB\6S902$34 ADUW0Z[8




1O92(
MF 
1.74J(6^\)





X&/8L&Z2#V#4YH+%6VCACC7A^D$YZ

&4- ]UDM_BI7YX&V


M*#2Q*&[

2XY
D.
MG!Z] Z=T'Y\D!_6*!
EY[M*13W[EA80AN=XS3NFMK4C]!K4&F/++PPWR]0FS
M1HD1UV

Q&N
H7/7L

M5O%BLL)_ 3^L9A

9J83Q3.N
#.2*/9TGPA


MUS/:\_(N??;G'OQC
W_W%$J^.Y0YI:?36-?9MYIRM&#YPW@TQ8)\\VD\7B[-





\G1AT)M<<A*5:(J&/1Y<211Q??Q=F4]]?E$^T<4(82A3<VZ




4M




MPJB= ($5Y_%D
G0HC^Y[VF\#4(D&!L/


8A2DY^8U'45&Z[92B*)Q/(*#
MM5C-0).?HLL+5#IU4)YARX^%[\#JR[-[#D_C_X[MSPFY42=O$
;3BEP=08P(
MZ
PQ:F=?!?:G






.

'AESM];N2N:\VR$^
MW0%?OEJS!UE\/F)83? '52%





_&[$+
M7 CETTP!?N3Y:S2+CP9B\74






/T_WQ?/MLLY&
K.;R*3SUO&A<
MLW^1 L N;_M6P\B.PTK5&B#FQCI]

M;@;M[:0W]&9GMYY9W@D.+!7$



E
?H[V2?_7C#L0 A7!,%<3K1P#FZ3#4M*^T7;8BC*=_K,<4CI*#H
M5CXFC![C%]YM-9K-XUWSY'(3Z69=KE1]_H/'

MXH:7!#5@X3N;&P(LP+Y-9VR[O5B[#G)*

MF4J'ZJN64.]T=)KX-,A!!_V'A@I4J\#Z!C+%6U/9XNPFD3[@&@*%90\T
^Y!%'TP+V)- -@-^V-)PJ(,LY!9;^
M:L6-B1<0A[Y/P^8D:(#F9*6!_S-&MUFT0JV%V/6HZ)S7RY=39S
*(WK.^V$




P5 \V<+2$2N+^MK5<&+DXQ.<CO*0DRZW/
]A++#IS/0X*^QJT5D2-B(%Q6SM]#HO;VAD\!(J[O
HN))F0GZ3Q
<0(8D7[F$RD;5V('RF0AS8.$TH
M1?&%1Y2
\V)LLMTC;9!#!WP\R56NO^-)?O&%]AZ[A1O$G
DP!K67?P[!1:GW
MUP.?4* 



M3)3^4+ZL[^



V6-O@G((_ES#'TFZL $/0;T=@


L=!:UO\


MB]\+CI^*4
@RZ$:S$PSPP$%(VD2QR;UKPU$M&V_

7W%T:1H_
MFHL33




[WKT-4.$)R9C'U^8OBS [963'0E#5@1.
0!DA;.E

*_3W11*PYG0

%\*G*E2:!U#P]YNLT@$JI03ZK^&WC.5Z!7/
MU\(VXRWO9#^RH7;SA6O0&U]?YQ=CBGD%SKXYR43%&



Z I#%2J[ XC/4(0)R0RZ#U6Z:WAA3PRKK]D6K1\@-36Z:U^




6T6 [ZF(K





M9!/N-^;&M^A//&+$01HDSS:ZKJUN[LKWDK9[W9&IM7T\%%RD,^8D909WC7$
MP22_1HWXAG;S:)IGYKIQEH8$U8\1=6YHMPZ$6%4A





M_PB.RDR+RL\$V!8J0M8989DO^T.RZ30.[\L%LM?_P=02P,$%     @ [X!_
M2MO=E$53 @  B L   T   !X;]S='EL97

D[GZ23
M'

@7U

M08D;X[C)#OPNA%I[L:F





 *(Q6H#3-MI&OBE0+6.NNG-;%H9K'1ZCY

G)

M._QF;0X%:9B^M5MTP00/]GLK/)KULQ8]18('^P/DM.&7+N'P]IY_ U!+ P04

MW8M]



M9


C2


=MA$6/7QWNPT.WY(%)Y_DW\9T+
ML5]&Z2%C]D//]/N-V;FVAI[B^P@_IW21


2BPYLU@&!CY(1QDEY\\Y

27DEY_8*BA@.CB%EDYS9)F3H($YPP8.2BF26RFCP\
-42\HLDCL'
MH4((F6-
RC.2VS


QI'PC




MZ QC4K[1Q\QP-
YP-&4=S6P=&E-B3
HZFMDZ-:VCJ:LHYFM,YXO]FLHQB0W
M\YGU0V)JO)NO*0MI[AR'Q,0YCJ8LI)DM-%['[T$Q)F4AS6RA'XKY0[%C3,I
MFGO7AJIES'&V



[OU''U:9AY_IV)1#

MZS!

W[E$H.Y[=X




^NW^
MB=)EW)+^?7BOV#GJ1\1X=
4!  #B
M(P  $P   %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y<&5S72YX;6S-VEU/PC 4!N_0G9K6.D7?D2\







M4$L! A0#%     @ [H!_2HACM&WN    *P(  !$              ( !F0$

M !
              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
3DG] P  %A(
M !@              ( !UPL  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( .Z ?TK%.J%X20(  !@(   8                0H0  !X



4



M;6Q02P$% ,4     #N@']*00B;J[0!  #2 P  &0              @ %4


M965T

  !D







O







YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
4     #N@']*_ R);8!  #2 P  &0              @ &E40

Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .Z ?TK#T47S

M























M
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ [H!_2J23(AT#!@  2(  !D


4


4

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .^ ?TI)'5  4 0  HG   /              
M 30O 0!X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 

M)   &@              @ &Q


M;'-02P$% ,4     #O@']*9

L-0$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     10!% -42   3. $    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001615774-17-001422-xbrl.zip



3C0CQU92V!\=KRA=:#Z']3/R
D__R+'1F

7)JAI R['01)O7-'
M4N\(2!(;\;_B4/W?M[X'NEODC%WV%4X9%@3,OHE\Z\=O;#9FP<F0F8IZ=CMC
MA:2GVP YF'N.I83<5@UVX$GN1HJEO?J)@*ICN^__RL&N-_ZL[GOP9_A]8
3




!XR:!X[
 YV:!RK& YV:!\KE@9JV:UK:


MOFM_G






M4;F$6_/
SCR#]'Q
OW7-



MZ:**P-8E5TLGCTLJJ%J7+RV;/-[6/7&KUQ/W_
GJ3Q.-L0L)8MZ2B#)KKDEF


MF5=26=T29?UZ3WH\B%TJ=CR([3RH1@%S#!3R&2C7QC7Y5(E\!KN0S^ (F75#




FQ4UGZZ3:-MI+YLK%B2!V!7T?@GU$$

MX?4 -0-6K\GJK


7O2KK*1=8![UCS*:B.XJA@%

M#9[K2F55*6!8




MX*0$+^BJ&

MN+9UJF3KG%6)WYITJD0ZE0VR[=;D4@UR4?3O[BEB:.M]/_F^'S1$=E50?;WO
M)]_W8R3#KM
NKVW;P6LPT_UJ.O9'[ZTY=R+3?5+TL!8'M=995.NL2:K*)'4V

M_






I%+5=60/'6CX$T@SEB8
&9DD=#
49:NM].?9TX8^L'C9S]BM<@Y
MG


M5V/:GETAO+HD+=;^M.5!K7.4LN(BY$1%ZVS'$5*%8@GJJ54+:5J*55+J=,&
M@6=\0?O4.A%#O',9D5^\









4ZWO
M_AB&

5HR]/^X;NQ!V?4XP?'94&XXW0+H^20-\?#-S;W@P@8




613NN7:CVVX/
D7VKAI^'SV04EWM!
8



H#O

T!E UF9R!=YQ[


]P#)5'?:CHP
MXOCQ1KZL/TQW[4FM=+)*6<[PA;RR.CVP(C.V)&+(.P(96\_*#=+I<3IMPE1



MU^R

MT]X6


M9 B6TKG6TF-[

M

(9ES%Q4


M.YX_F7R9I(6(=T3%JKOAXI
5777/&*+FN7ZB)5J
IBSX['M^EE1*)(=F9Z2K


M.!C )\9-\8.EW]8S.6!'QPT

SY



1.._)U12F+IM[JMHLH

MS^%6M5Y!6;$JPQ@.
M=XY:SJ'9L'

MWF;:LD M?$\X

/J*





MK6VT!VO9?!=8UQ6&V_5@S]1PVCAE*3 6YO=N?[B6CS85MV



Q9A-_M/4^





Y:P_ASA*I8P%6MVX'^K.
M+&U2SO[(U<Z+@BF1#'BA_Q-,\5I#.221^L\XC)S)X_[X^),1I)A686I?_2!R
M3<]N:%\=NO#/J.2I
T.!RV/X/C 5,7QH_P8Q@Z=V3:W+K^
M#-U8-\]TP+F/FI39MXY\\R.:P773;D_7KDZY\Y(:I(FA,)\!J 5@ PO/O
MS


?]$ Z :&:
M(2=$T[YS.^P*B .SIDXLZ!/WQ.\P6'2S'N07<3H^%<Z74B%9^A%VFZ74X]D
M?1?8\T]@1C?T22;@BGS-XO5I0 F3[ P**C:UI_%1N
SC


M$%&=)
?QV

#.
M1T

M(I6:\

)[-2&_$C58$

C0)\'$1U
?WT;
M

2N/!6+J!!T

_
E





MVF'E5H/UICF_
L3T2-9\X8L9D_X3G90([\+I(L'3D)
M0;$TT97\^04(]Q7$A=HB#



MGZV,,.H.:*Y14-E .)RU/.!2  ;Z%H V%KI**0/X_R\GHF+?$XB@R1 0FX


EY81H\@M(9%

RO9\Q_

M!0?@!*Z20(FZ

Q

7(0R?\

&DJ_ M[YBQRI+(:5&

MOOT^I6ZS.4#CM(K

_/\KPL._K[1LTC]QC&
M8WZU?4TJXQRC/[DN2RZJP$9O7W*;E_BV CC2G;G+.#'Q6PJZ9;0L-H_X^WC0



*L*+EI#4@78!1&(/7.%=Y7

M()VK@=1I4'@ZO@WJK15A#*N4U:!6NP@_Q;CR
*.I+U@K0=D%2-L+U%U%^3VA


0#;H-&%69V47X&D$87W4[!8\2IG
M EJ7&N
R22YG+- ^ 5:3;FQG#-9UY;S 9^!/AS3A





MYI=OK7DB^8J 0T8SX7!*@!@C&_[T- 'KSD.I-I#3XE%MK2O/N@4M_S&#9%&
M' 3HVYA5& 


M
NJ2*\



MZN1F&)-8$7[&\!UNAZV!0A




MT !$2PP$:DN[%KXIK8D;D$IUPX3(% SVF2T)D=Y8*?J)DC-6-RX @ 8Z:M
M6)%%85

2DB7P.I^4T
!83[UB.\_#ZYJWVW9\[EM9O]YJ]=D-;X5MI:I)6


M+_N4D#Z)U$&6B!046FKX
M#L+Q)U8H57-A3XLJ!H@+FEG6 [CW@Q_PJ


M45SG)C$M

M:8ZQ!I
\)IDE&+!.9<7T
_%?9]XQ86

;-%2
MRF7JSSFUZ*@5BJUM'/+^8O\$E=XD?OW(1-PZ7APW,?78Y13'
_8B+_/BV!

M?1
C.I




M ^B!

XR6E?SJR\L\^Z3J


M*+#DXK@

CSTC 0;XS9922[

$0
LM1+8
NT_
#
M!GL04 PP1[$=
RDJPBFZKG@=#Y)*CBCCSG^'=]-[Z]P;(#578%78B[KX7
R$
MZ:\!$18EW_
(O:2\2NY2



 D

M$;\I@C
$;I;J+*;1EYZ?F4_=W

M6)M@U1;A=)U)XM.@H671BG5@IR4KJ
X2UB$
TC!70CH_GCB^M\:].%9H:[7L











 36Q%&W8O79

M-1-!B2DIV3

M:V*#TE6I]IP
S!I%YJ7(7/'5Q;Q/.*Y1(0R9(30P7WG<F
MCD?;3NBV%16=2A4GO3G_T[V51H8! $GK]Q/S P(2#
YJ-SVQ4K XJ@ QZL




MAMGT?.VY

YZ[C2V6-=D-Q\




#Y18FPL-T47;A7G
Q8MZ;&%3NA&'


1LMJ) A%IZAI2Y)KD'-H\P41<


=USFQT%(Z<RQ:V<Q

&V
MKBC637YLBU?QC(Y#0@@_
I+!N9 7@4K9:W MIYEG%L



 EN?=






%$T:=5
-&$B$24[8W^C)1%F-((?4Z5#+3&Z@DW*
Z
MA\X1$0(FLEU$

Z!F4B3

T




M.29/H2)$9#-.:H#;

M[P71TX.A)MU\480D4J$N<O +J
8JJGYGV2OIEXCY;UC&S
MN;1 1908YJ*;EV=BVBWMK7#V1_@3I26I5C$OD(K5.K$X&X(OFG' ;%@^#71F


3)QF9V3%9MD;B?Q$ I
MJW#.99982%'/#_'2&L\/G+@VS]BHDOOG8@+$#N_K)G=0=Z4[*%TR/I9U/6]U

*8_$S&5]3'[T






3PMT;!(!O28*BT41P.
]MA4#KT3)%^Q(PP_R
M]\EUR3M85RHE6LH%1)?7_QLE;P@HR(7B79=
1CAHR(\)%FYFDJB#5+=8




M46?;% @VU_GF1XR)%7]H+ &E^\!!-='XCV/Y]SOD7FC3*UM3$2EP?5@;HL





3


M]=P#4$37(D9=A:)T%RPT'*FYSOJ;:Q

M=7?9PFG7X#S9

-@1/HQ,[2X46
M15CL#SB53CQ+!%8+FNIL9^],$)BC):2!



Z5WA@
NHU.7Z\2DE[45%-UJC':

WVX['+#L&919UV!8&L['EPZLVN




JHAIU:

&P_WK
MIU0[%^J


[V#^0M=J'PP&-@Y*R@-7(\/(C2^J\]/*!


_9#QEJ8ARWD*
/




M21V$1!NW*U.3O7.-]NL;QCM*=H;&$GZ2Q_37+SAI+&P8]E.?!ZPI8(0=7]@H

$7PMB:+I/8E;)\






3F]S+

M6ZK*

7KZ7I@4^JKY;;W6%MKK7[S8&0WW3


M#%2$:OJH#GWT0/8(.!SZ*,_,)0WYHEGJ);JVT!]V&N,?\3NXQH=SV@,V\:Z
M[7:\YHCN41XK@\:@]X(?S





M
;!C0D]9$D+*Z=(0Y0S-3$4ER*(F=(J*:8
M8U'


MK3NE5^SYELI?O]?H&[UZMP\.]4(4%^G7&#G\*$



#!II+JB+ TOA:B$CNFXZ68\S+@&67MUA.MD83D6/


X;T*
YQ)


MGG!M




\


M -07OBBG0!J0DT& [5SMS E:SR!*/V9;CREW*;,2#$1TAXYF#&)GWCI+F+
MIRB3FXZF4?LGR:0F$ :FTXL_T^P5D$X_8$.)^T


[0&NH


$UK240! Q&ZYB^



]I8I6@0B#R9FYI_Y421F9;;)\N


M]
UYR%YI\M/JARZG-G**O))%LK/JPIMHY]\'YOR79_S?!$@7[(#FE'+.


$FST<56;D]K)
M\(0(N38XG]9^?Z3+@00^T[



O_ZPV\-C]6!B6\*9*_EB[






M/0)!I)K6E
KSWHLM%@UX/&P6CF+-SS0.Y)
S+)2\T.6(5W)&.;THO
.DY0@

MA'&==!R


M



M7.QN/@R:([$G
D28PRJ_E0LO)9S91R9P@?
*6G55


SE S8N:
MBBZ5BMX_L
!RPNR75/OK







M]NVKH=;D5Y/?Z5R&E4Q6K /HJF_?U&9?31
U3=0T4=-$31

QV7F'SB\]X^/(MYJ/A4\R!/Y$/4=+P'HA



=X9P;4CG?
HGO&
M -NS&;



2)$C-+MN
M\4








U33Q-A5BD1%*QMEHAKA5B?IG3
M[39&@_)MV5/O?=7@J17BUUTL9%U1K.U;O37YZK+*PU1\-9BOBZ!^]KTF+XC&



89U  H3*86*]*%YIN2:9RJT&+TL0U
52J$LT




KMFHLJM9K%0


M; PJGQ
Z


M%I=6J8@1!/
)#RX5+A]7 )2F(F

1[ +\%@SD F_@!


MY)=


YN[SL2!'V8LFOHVF/*A%3AC
M^
+QM+]?7W_E
^0]. &#/\P1D]Q_H)F\7+L$![MV!J85Q;#&A)QY[[;4*RE=


MOS*IO75;]C;J[=?;:$UKH\-7'

MDQ9ZN;7UJ]J806_I^P?JE8BGGXKHX@=/8=^!R_9'@32F4SL958XKT78SK$OB
MG#;=H=/J[)OK=:F)#B=GG7?.G0

;6N1'YD*W




SW*X-QA\^65R;5F@^N#5PE??=:Q'_K_)6W0I

M\*KE+1 )EC0SDYO#X_C+:V&T:_J(9?$@*SQAK&3W\ ;



M)\CZX=P)8

*\#
38ZSLU&&3=)4$ALTL)Z1+5/

M'B'S.)C[(1?G@#O?2E[VXT *1X%S_&%0\']9C&XE4!;E(*_AZ @RO0\/+$





.YF7R=;4+-G %:30BUG#-9UY;P0


[#XQFUAI



AY@I
O$+^%-@#R

MRPSIR#1Y@#AF-]]Z1
KXWHN6]@$H;?'KI*R0])YP.&%&'/(+Z/:@;'QR_HKA








K*S
IK-@L?E]
2OD&HJ
8K

XN




%%77K^)FB.T'(;6U^1Q!_@3
!


7+RTDW@F1
M/\;N#.[V)/DI;TN+CW
1'Q_Y@10.AI GYI O-)-TJ/A?U&N.B+

M/A B

[QR.MOMLN [\$$\7-MW@
MEPER(J-)4BU8I<*D0$-&ICB03D'%UD*PO?7)ABR.393[D\$5LO 5M3A%YD2




]!_8W'4E[37] O)1T;4:4L(?T
AP$6)VLNY

MG9Q*HAR\YMZ/

M]0+%-@4$/
K*XYG9KO \ NKAK\)UZ7C&



L0G6TKNR1.EILJNCIBO01%;:NV7
'FVOZ
**$&. =X'
M/W#^F_C=BH]DBOG?PC4B*7N\*0$G%%[4\&CMV)JBQW;IQ89]=:LT8TM;;-*
MN_;@Q82%J[D8P6MVAC_GNVYTVL.^XR4=KKIUM-PB[DX ,@OXHW37A\0E6X(




MHV2*06P;'PL?+8A%)$3)N^];:4.0I?W
;]/P28##$15*M1 










S

&EJFRN:U8?$/$G[2U!OC#5






N8?ZZ'*





M[D(.L87]3!XFT9D:[R;HPB$H/LW2WDV)]\M[Q4)5)G\(9Y_(?K@4O:54&4


M

,*[@<N=-83C/ W:8]_8G03&G&[+0 @GS:
M:L!6IS78O'2;NMB1FQN4M@^&+OA\:82\#[7?J*W:#P/1SBELR-+H5]D@JE
MMDM:S]OHZ4M3,K&7\!-: 90=Z3$VQ=8TL&HL&:,(#$$UH<[68)_-*$XDR.80
MB9+]/4W!Y!PJ006T\2*%#E. !4LNF#4XUP:AXVB-'&?I%$EHI8+QKCM^1/8

M#QA/9NIW4!1


M$7OJG)H5JI7HAR.F-1AP@$E@X55%C++PJ

13@F0
LH



YTC8(\X*]$$0_E]
F4/
MA^GEI]N-AZU.IT.G\E5W-*:_E-(C282-WQ/2FZ);E%N9.ZY;CN%J/XK%
F!S




8T[FF3;X=%SV(B75(!EV:QR

MX

MG%!_%@V+LHCBRKA4:('+7)*\,\)H$=?C/I[Y$(Z#D*JPXS=:98
YSXA'+8
MYGI6/(I*-0Z)(%S&)R_G4EDDIF3#GD;!G)\LA7ER(2NFKV&EVP::YBI!AZ_6
M-MXGTU$)B$TM*0GR57K0/07?\:K?LUJ=45=6._%!2?0U$I6'@P&65[W.H-4?


^DJI!3JVU^NMZX4J


M=J44R+900S^A+86N!)%O(\H'1.9!FG:*9=1)[CWW@BJ$H=ZF-&H=%3=/TE5N




M3RK2/K+[(


M?_'#-S+_$N3 @@D-2WZ4(_8L/3K;56I/RN&]BOPEP+S\L=*'5&)TQ;MLB1\I
M34W3!I.T]JZ]*
4;CQ!(W]B#+ '#J@6.JXK+'R:'1A0RIPT-D]433[$MCF;2




7\0TUT#:



MZ$%92GAW0SJV#;$1!



224B5F@N0QN=!;




O$525VQ7$
B7% FB?:GML7:GA'#
M%L=):'@<4Y--IL7<(*3!]/LQ^&N7ST5 7_X'$RY=\;X9?$@8(8*?^@G='



M.6N9
Q2F[#Y*G)#\R


\9K5M*&:ORN@4/.I'=FM<U$1O21(\#S




M?JQ9_J0LWVL-QIUSH
BI!/M;0YAT2:*Y68?E3&VUR2%4D?@'@69GCA3VK 3F

U





_XR R


1@ZN8A%OZT0=VNP?F8ZC*6FP982:@D
-

WP3HP6YW^OJE&9U-T
MW_@6%YF =($_7Y_$YH%:TTGLMH9#.(Q[MY;1VD#SX.[WA4&OV^H.&IJEU*R;
MP_$YHQGW5.V[;!)97C3RFB=.; ?7'-Y3







M]A[CL1= T;#UIS-?N=[H,C#O473:9KDV%KSIZ'&+V[!)(V&;;F;/=GYZ_8
MF=I5:JR:3-@FPZ8W_4RNGH7)S8U@H;

M;L;9 7P^W'

PW@/+L5%KW+4:1;.&;F5#P6H\


MW-8.

X8-


'6QT:W_*7


I\^C RE/CV6%NV2K=9K#HY9V6?0<C-/&L
M7(260?=) EOB ^=18TJS5V:P:ZG&7ES$(-LL.^HP2;Y]X[BI:LR8^2K'['?


?



M*S9L;VI

MU&G..S_.J]&GT*QM;Q8TF@FW./OVM5 U^VGV.YW+L)'%BCJ!KOGW&WWMTSRA


MSW4H1\



?)$]8*F1


!0&;5A9?_Q&O^
\[WR/K
M T1D]FU?R!NXG1VZ*B=L :@&^/MUPU\O]%L%XA$)7RRKJD%];'*7A[F4B*V5
MVEM 7R_TJH-?.]GK W\'L;T#&A7D9CGPZD-J][TY.%*IL0S*9

M


MW2


]%W@FUK&!

\
'
MK%YK;-*J!

XE\)5#::\G7&'-[

WYA;_&B.K-[&9)3.<]








M+E

-!QZP




P7@C28




1$72[.R$+Q?L^D.R%G7C?'\P.[I[\
MG2V]?F]L]G=$*PM;=C

M
O+5=U9?KP-+#G?+6\Z[/




.C9!%6-


?K(

492R HU5\;[*_8=HG4D4^D=UD8

M0E9U_TOLZM'88K-?J4;6\) UGNR$-ZCO.I!1;

EEW+IL^L#E(2V/33
2Z[WZ


M41CW.\.ME
]6T=X=#LS/N;-C8PN+$\D4RWGJ=;N#3=R5 2)/O<^.?8]S1QP6JC5[
MN5*]72DT[(S



ML\02YTA9J JZ/26M0C^)/#B9-5
 5U4I4![!PIZX726(61'2#7N6*SPZ*$[K



?
W+46RW^/[Q&.7NO'*%=)*

TAX&]9

M-!H-^MV5_LL[8\4KWG?$:B-SY(:[D=U.4 ._8.FU$0DS?[5F\\WA4C^@7_
M[CTU7N)#

C:G:41
5.
MMBU7%C?YQ1?;LQ^8:&N%/\'1&[E;3)D

M'=2Q*6(UBB(;3*(/:.3M*0#[YJAW%L@6X;G:N7J=U63VN@U'
[5.LECI63-
MH^PB):[LBMWFBH=1SU)[Q%0H';HZ[KFJ$^P-KNTUU/!3WMJB*YAZ-RUA3

[47FEN: /4&HY+ZZIAX
M5&]RV.F654M'WH_J\J-P3'W96\6)N6T7[
Q^=SPNJ9M.C=YNUD4#D=O45W]W
M

E'[(W;07U=MW^N.
7*+7]0H'<MUFH *AL&&ZR[=W1.#W5/
M
8(R94U[-Z+8+GX/AA?ZR*]
WBX$_FQ=F8.T*V!\'[*_8CB*'Q[+U\.LPQ&C


MVLOK)L#9F@'OH[WA3K%;J[Z:6I
FXMX %(VEF-/\5VS#53QPGVG(
BR-C97M

P[Q%V9YJL._.QG;XC1OW.

USIF&93W\M1
!ZO$4JW$
M



3XH+Y_2-@: _Y
&C$1(Y^MOE0=3'.5BYDB'EWQC1F

R #J90DT@+.S@3]C11SSH3KW.7J

M.Y 1M

$#A?



MGU:RX



1=]
I3N73K4
MW93MRF798?$36LX')?28[MA5IP71:QS3ED0W








#'?;2&59GQ4-5
ZP9F74M
MJ\-6#8[?!#6+3($=ZYQZH[&53.XKOW1M._CAK]B)GM
.8.$-&O%W\R24FL4
M/4T)9]5Y[$^0-G-OYFI#KI=XK(%NV_VNDG&=(6U:Q/JV7-P+8N7/_H!K51B



U:L5HMY
9V9=L!J0?TE4*?'4&WAAUU&FIY
M\*M7PUB'*4TM:+(VZN]8FF4=&[NM9:E%E=\-1JY226I!J[%1\W';6(ZZBM)H
MUS+!+$I90?@.5+

PM&P?R9



D#5T









M4P[R$Y.ADK&UW4MS!CCOKLA@WT=EYU



MYUA


U[$A_7.WR=@R$:N#J=Q3%8\%M
<)DTTG;7?BSWV<0L^[%
+G4WAW





/9JF.QK#?L#
MJU\W9'7
'.YVQJN#O/:&K(8L#.Q2V

MD 2L_'SJPUS.UJ;XBZRY*G#M@$NMSI-U^?J#WGT)5:8!VL'5 [H[%R#V-;Y
MQWD(=\JUKC$NA9T()%Z9K4=*N70SSU3:SAZ+2ZC;;&B/%0KTG8R!PN8DE0+
PZ#-UZG?=; =K6]
MU]Y/C9G/QP!PHQDL<+M5X8*)':TX8!-#OO!J/?F/7/]IU^.=<4])-UR5_=M
MV%!UJ3&!VY-HDH#&(/U]:4^G\N\D=G&LU_

M


0
--@A.UH


!C
:


?6QSV7S%L![:FG2#




MX[#!

M


?DLS]E[P)[%KUWP+1Q79;8


D/INE+
MZ1GRY=.JZ2KTV:

_0WLJ+G#9E@H




K:]CJ
M#'/3F%I\S%4HQX=-Y10J


S'==_PE923 G'(\X
MF

M#G!BH@42.
*NXM V;CSC
MJ__(Q7OF)$JE0CW3Q<: KO6!H*-\00F

MM QT$3M











MQ&4US[W$Y
MNMS7H=Q
H8!54_%(D:QFL9;6P5H&G_R@2Y^

BN-]7<!(EW1MPVI@N);#2ZD2K$ZU.SD.=9+5(8W5'&BS&R.B_




=4N8*6\9YFT&



M:;[IY_BF A7.A(*;252JQ=7&/H0733SQFR1UB;QB!R?LY3.E^(W((L D@O0U






=WL)5\]4.N&;;3%@*
_*01;#1
M+V]X2)E\2Q^#*H\





R9/:46PBV1BPC_4OZ#[(PY.F8,R92023@'&Y*[919FZT$
MNR]V,)G+?1^N[#L'0DB53-;GJ_%@V!KV.XE$D6\4DM?S5A @O!UR!C/##5[
M+2.-^1D4] O?M)6CE?S)N
8.Q_!N#B !MZ(=188HJIL03I9K3)
@(0W6I7U











'SP73$K2
M[46:V%ZDU]3N(I*5'!:6@+# )#I\Q\C#2N;#]V?;'WYUDQ#(7&\)GKY![2XR
MG1?*Y7



M%C2:]S;!:HY;9O_%9X)LM7/S^%GM6L('=SYVG79RD9[=3UI-8!WZK!&8QM2/

.JV1E;OC%FP0-P7I7)LRL)8





^8&?Z?R*
M9L?(AYV66;E1XJE#Y)IUFL Z@U[+&E7U/Y^:=6J2OR?(KOC
[)!&61C.8AGX
MCPSO63K+XK1!]5%KT-G7



MDWZ:F_33[8&)L6\2I\XZTPRX

MV_A@:?)D

JL.!]=U')H#:X/2



'%&




5EN1TX56G;:*F

_L $T%!QF/A1':#





MJDF+[! 2WJ@L



9UMG6-=X
MKNN%LF<-6\.^3O+7+'@R%C2'8-7LZ\IK2([_83.C#YU0?+(4:;7-_,848=?
M]?3B_\)#SXZ(8H/2RRA&PZ:DI96YT*4\.7/+
Z+)=(G:88JRG%^93C?)X%


M0S.$;NG15



O53_NM#6\4A0ML2A!0



M



Z5%
RJ7



CBOS:%+6Y%
MN9GZ2FR_&C**ED=S!-+VC




-&&/P+#P\


M'2ASI9(3IJ/86SE%*JP)T#?DL$A=%
N S5B F@_L=0],UP'CJ









M6\F8VU/LV[B24&I[L0T4$008\I:2:U

5^EGFIN0VBQ&@9


)25T4KZK9(DE3SN
M397FHLA9XR%0:41?O



M^4Q+#%FNI1*RTSWSV

M-(()7@[OHG[7V7H5@D




ZK+JR
M5E?6GI_PUY6U#52(NI#ILGC_O

MKDS*8H;-2LN+]%-1TKN^ TOC1:VRV=FAYLW^$08-Z*P-D%4B4M@[3+_WQLN
ML!J[Y7?B;B55K4M[;3APU)] 0\_!  )[ZD_'#_\,N?J,[! YPPA\?V&@2F!
M'_J2:?A+P# 4UYA0W$K8CZ43
*S4]N.'N7$SB7PTMZV.):Y47P#RN2N 0+\Q


IV6
AM3:M]
==A+%

MM@P+B^T'1B 2!-P
D S%/.
A\

M#)!S-MEDDIED
C4F<0)<Z*V=:3'4[ 5CUAFPW.CVS8/NSB?;*0SQ3Z
MULZLL#$I\-3--;6K!;NG\4^MA@MK%DB1#]/8?SX+81Q%XS-
/MHDD11
M_U

3W


M6 R7OB]I@P#SD7

*Q)

68E^/9=SJP$_P#147UQ


M
C8AXR]0CM_)'+]B8%J.P#9).@6%\P? E/ON?2GM25OJ[42.5T=X+EJQ78


M5FJ





U


MGKZXZQ:=E@BP7=08=1IU&G6VE1JCSGOCYIM%UWW@UTCX]%HT$C82/LH]LB97
MW.3=Y4\\MV?9@V.[.
Y@IQ78 5O3=8XM9]-@IQ78Z;F6/33G#!CL[$[.P'4L


&+4B2;.L\F
D5/U'@GP\]S!9O/E@R:0X-
M Z$_'%IVOWD3:(#0@N1@U^H[;N-B
5!HVB;T1Y8W:'
FY)ZB(9
E;CK&CIFA

/IJAOCQY5:
M?PYP^[L OJ1L@0*F8' #.K\+R^K1AL


P0

M+M0_Z-G0M24T.




MX@2D&^8




MJD$6B81:G274G
&3;(






%CF&$R\G.YLP9
MVCWVZ15[#X7 X+\KH'K)_H/^XBVXBN?15=QV,=$YMBFHN #(!YP2HYI,\/0
M[!48QDQ9.:0XD2%H#,+JB.14N7$6$5OBPBZFI)N=TTR)-NEF I-JY*&;E^@



)7A*.6EA%A)


+!0:!&=0*(J(\3



4@/9VAUU=BH#C&TD-4@;5EF*1K]
MDA3J7[IWQ3@1 JP5


!GL%Y)/

TQJK46!6P#!5YC1=0914


M=?:VRB-8#;#N:TQS_VI!?SC+AVL#\=^:2A!JA;$P5 R10\$ME7)0[W#\W4


[
MRCN4JP/DG]9Z&O)5PS:23FUJW



MEHI?U?P8O]+]$+K=6&+=/O@]0H = T(-J LA-L@?.FGI0!**!DE%$0L21.


CV/182

+

ZXGM



_AZ*F(&#U(O88%KD64B3D.1QC^)XS5(J-&Z29H)RGT@R0N^Q0.



M9^K?)C;OKE!0MMJV


K8?




.#7;N(W9Z


M.4\??_*G(B@B\6'R1\%E+F1T_3J


M%V6-9?&)3&8K1.B&$O48/[ZP@6K:IO[+F7
[ 3A;9.NT00#.=@&X^Q* NT4


F-.U&-XG:;%\
M&F:





XTL68LH.5
-X#BW_+PW3

WA#!$ Y\)0IL
EG20$^/)FP!YYM6[9M:SD\TTR4H@#*DTL!KR2;A_F4

/
XZN95G8YY6.@$-H0)2<3XC:5(JK,FR




M9*E2'@;T0(H9#V-LM\Z[%E0!XQ*I7!89U//2#I(6)T44622#1#?E#K_;UG=:


#6/JJ1V^5RF:6GC#7)6G& (&T!@%+NVP24E:,,_&U
M@')@X58D!D5X%1]4]G,*X9F06P2V\A0G%.#-TT<HBO Q_A=^_C]02P,$%
M  @ [X!_2H&*69'.$   8=4  !$   !E<V1I+3(P,38Q,C,Q+GAS9.U=67/;
M.!)^WJW:_\#URV:J1I$E'SDJGBW'QY2W',MK.YN=?9FR9:$D4H .AC?OT
M/


/O9N;P\
WDA!_W7A
ZZ0]W



M[0U2\9#U)@C-%U7&B-U'JI



MBHE(3247^6[HMZN3F5)9);F0^GU%)CXB7W;0VRD 9['KBY?TOAX*!]\*GT#B
M[!
2

;42
M0QMV
3_[%HK0K;)3+ZHGZT#7;XH4Y6[Q#]&)DKO\Y

M#Q47/





M6

CU;[OH;\&5^[!J)F?J=:*L
N;G=I=I2O?.5A6ZBQXD4.7E-6^[^



MCS* FU?0


MFT92NK%4[_'R


MY



M_N1&6G8??R;E:

:%

MSRD@/TXJRD^CG0/BH7RW7XRR387E47MP_QU!5V9TSPF]1L\1=6+9ZL$IW/
4


8M/

B:


M0IN++]GLUL9.DZ5G3T#EG
3 <SWS8'65;82=,I*
MU)\6A2PI92;-UUB%E7VUP7JS9MYR28ZH7UW6%+A2SLG=XHW-K0^DIN)6KMD
MSJ6[3D
JWVP4&17/%Z[@
2K*4@/FXB\=Y6HL_0_R0S#&I4IO.)$'[8@\V!0B




MYZP0WPQ@35&V0GPS@#4-EQ7BFP&L:=Y3(;X9P)HFL!7B+PTLM])/]K%2#)4E
MMJZDJLZZ'#\@'%E['/(IH?B/_/
+IN(O?#*F_G22V1FFU4XNI5?_A'


?7Z0
XA S]W'IP8HV


M&TM/D:FN6*JFK6[(GI4L]?_/3 [
-S!'SWF^JQRRH@YK0TM;7
OZPV8?I#MO

3F_*3S.*EEY]67@2B]2$&IQ#__PNA7\4T
M\03-
4=^:G6CE*VQ


/6^[-W7+#J1P7:TKMPW$+;BCF4148



ZQF.?NP59D[;&;+YC$S2JBF9]NQ=J^
M/ FK%]@$-$U@[,5R10)I8+(S6UZO5)79A^%DBF'\=&O(./Q:#S&+M#22*03

@LAD\3(7SP*4;UN

MEW&J\%I7LP^Y:&@RQTQHM

**
OLP_$M8\+^
@.'N[NZ)[#D\WKZ6=_%$

07YU

K8
TUQ^XZ#J#@&W=8.9KA_*11]A@H-@

MAW4A7/=FP3)T
]D7A/BA'W]
2OS\/U!+ P04     #O@']*-(HN %,2  !A
M 0$ %0   &5S9&DM,C Q-C$R,S%?8V%L+GAM;-U=W7/;-A)_OYG['WCNPZ4S
M51PY'VTRS744?V0\X\2N[?;NGCHP=F84J0D+9U?_T!%F3Q+=
 E#[D
8.


M)]%=42P_[.\_/#R\) ?S]3^]C/-%-)E0%C_3G__\P/ZX 01&5)2





5J27V%
MH
TQ4.^R
M5ER&UN$TNZ?.EF
#005-AY;F N=TU]6+,Y3\):L:^C$4M$,+=_7O(T?Z[
4^83-CFBWUXL84:,)B\:LJ&EO(0I
MFQW3+*)875-;$1 ;Y=XZNN&CYPV!WTK:F8Y97#&(D^+V@\L%4QA30_Q:4DM
MG*ZHGQ$:A1-FG1.449=$(#T!=!*;
W)3X8R;*;B
&.Y9E'+)F_I$KC(7LQ$




;9CXVJ?S58-6SYC[\/9KT^8T?M;R3/MPMLR5&D6
M@S0NT\HQS^C/'0KX6


MD[&9((IK0S_'^4)EK=HRN4#2MM'H1_:B!XAN[XI*.(]&KI=HR26
(;IGQQT
M*J-W$B65&2@'7D$QT3LXL)HUZA6550Y.MY49&*^]@B'2*SCCTW1_5!R_
A2


M/%S4-H \L=X%

M0CHZ


$QR\+66-




0A@\DQP!F[0VT6Q^6B





6Q=
MI''\2$






$'L$;T?R8

M^SFF.[8696RSX.8W0LE[]\U9 LY1&V*^*RM75KKO#.S&E_89D!HOFL+5*8V
MPYMB3E8ZD%&V TUYNNS\@6LJAWKZWP6?RL1AM)[D!5U+Q8\ MU'M72!?A&


+



9





]]I'J.GUC
M!C[+Q
QD/

M$S]-/LL5-IME@




#$V
3(S


EB,[O9'%WY :9._C:ZN3G=&3VGZ_.ON[H\?/WY)]J?Y
MGWYQH]EH9X=V\7?Z[^^_LO\\. D945;Y-?7Q/_M78GNQ\$O4?RXN__^_=[N
M?W^YNG.?R

M?_72%4&Y\=%N_L=R4U_0=8GIQ/\UR22YBEPGS90OY6@$MF#_VEDVVV&_VMG;
GZ1^P'!B
.VR9KMG





JA<_3'=IT]VBS2ZW@_;Y7GULQXMFCJ_)=)VZ XZS+^W
R.R!
MQ)KL5DG;Y]4) CT.
X+V^0JC]$27M25-IS9)ILX\2!L;Y9*\RC/]M1_Z;$*_

O 3
MYBM
[U-.5PFR].?R=#PJZ$=%!P6_2XZ#R*VP&;#K$5'
M9$
VZF3/&0 SY.=
M1\=YWF4KPRX)TF3YFVRMV'F_5]R'^+?BUY



ZD^]U%0@G*J:

R$A$ _L@@@&B;X4;C8$IX1P

IO)6':6Q!U@0)$$NM[;[E&%BQ'2NRW95WH-7V%#3WH!R)  Q
MLAXKB.?$JPLKA(E/TC.D!$* 8-D-%)P5



BG2G\_#U<P
MARN8PQ5,OLC#%<R.@!JN8 Y7,+< :+B.5S!?*-7
*O\4M=M'&?FZF71F1L2

MQS@KA:B+54[32YQ*K(.3(SJ
QO

9T9TS.2/[_EV$]P?



?V5_6[S!K+'YKXI[CIBZC

M:EPAD4:7M;8UDD*:C?]!;VQM#ZEN
O6OL@;?B!?MXJ_B)Q00/H
*ZSFI&.
MMUEIC_L+GZ:

MWG++[ZN_\&\G
F@

#_T%R=-&4'


MY4)


MF\V3S^72%%5.#S8Y79)FUEPB;I]IWD.L568/-YG-2$8KFO9Y!)XAYK-[M
EN
MB;I[UG
GX]YYA8SVN&ZTC&)4D'2A7.FCHE6./]05O.HAL]^-/CJP89(R-XZZ







BIT4/DZ((.)T(:F




92]S;XV0
7
M*D8G(T/C5\ G7\IB@'Z%X0)5(#/[S: HR&R%%DU!418#@N*H*R@.FD%1D-FZ


MU/%T#AEQI
\V!





MG4]0\P=V-7\]9SR.IT5B??AXEX]UT;4$B&2RAS;E6HUU3#;NB2BS
_26/_
M84[IH+KEO*:(U2QF&1P#N [5;ZC71W_A/)(]C5/U$A5B@)2Y![TFG-OPKPF9
MSH


M*



^E/)IV:+.!0M3OQ7K$Z8^S5
MU

MRG8 RK:



7%9@]K+[Y)0KL=/ZY4?C=0


MVIE)HWXPA9W K4#7(E#JHJ(+SIK#!G
8=FO\

M=)6.H4A;N/A5NC:#L2+N*Z?C,Q6&%45649D$9/
][9NZR1$RYE.)W'L3
M(:?

MVTU

M0C+T&


HS*XYTD\KQXX/-B4H=8(QCOQ$%UCF
C%+JUDC[Q(8OSV*3.8*


A_XW[$'RD ^W
?8#%PGG







MV]/OH:I^#RT_F-Q





M9



TB;YEX _0C.'#^8#
M-











LI8/=9R$NW6/^$074SPVHR+?4#F%HU/M [^MK







!T5!8%FU/%&








W/046!P3/\#Y+Q(C8LU*@[!
P.B*!X)1.
M8ON9:RY^8NCHL

M';6B3.365GT[F=J [W7_([I_\F/OQHE96G.84!G9D@GF8C
J
5'7F=F0Y48Z




V\8J=
XKBE!5(9Y;&]G42SXS?'+E')I*1DUZ Q#9:@\26/+&A
J6

'MA[:U4[RW=9Y*

M$==PM

M);\O]A_]T G8;W/G3^#N2DGQXZ4H AR_1(3=:C=\&29I/&?B*^XT]?KI&ZIJ

%:;B+*'?1$_C410$Q-5PG6FT2YSDJ




MXXSKW2H=60C%EI%*D1 Z M!0B
X8RX*E/KJ$A6)5X)C@V:7H' Y1U4/:9D

M550YI'T#$A0!Q
YNA.'$^[]YDF87KN^C$\_+E.H$-X[O78:GSK.?.D$I&9HM
MP=_\]&D] UT0)YW'@@K?IKZ WQ+



J-==(Y8_TT)
MLU-HR]PPU_9:)A841]9?*4S)[=U7664O(5GGKZMW

+

M8
3+\MWKV^QU%/%BOVZ?W?E 5;!:^
0:EC76YD:7&N*9*C:.0OD.GJ&O4R





MSDCBQOXSL)3G;R?SFR


EV_I\1GM2A7 ZB]V8GSL3=L3S*A

MQSD?-KQ$:ZFB1--+M



@Z0IYFP
(::PB,5 9!&,4R@@SF680Q!
MU!&,]8-PU9<$I?LS,:&M$M;B(11IBP#9G=+73SA(P.ITFQBR3?3@:3.
 3





MER+S(&



M7N(L3L*0K//Z]CY]^G09Q^2%=D0G?CDDFKU
]@][B%8C(4$@#PT#^5]^$/SO


MGY_7=+)_;&?MD1I_I
\;2X5#&.LW<H5V9*7I5MD([04\
MSXNB75(T%!VB;=<Q?NR-&CZ@ ZJ\L#C]9[$


6BF(O^*WN(*ZGE89KJ[1?_(9@
M0C[((IJ^+F


MEJO^TAF 'M !VR-&08%O4-TM17*6;)PZH4O8WD91W:OV/5/W!M^@NC&E'EPX
M+CF9L30

LO?0^E(X?2




M!LX=O:A(0'

NH(S9
M[)*4 +%5&_R05%F%=&[WPK5H$MAJ#-5ZP(^7CB 0FI;O43.3^TS=98\E'=#]
MII.K=G7Z\GFQ;G+C++)3LQ].[&7_^8
DZ4ILP:UZDU_!;Q6FA84LIW3?VM)M

+^\T#537_S_P%02P
$
M%     @ [X!_2L[Q-21

38Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX


L_^Q_

MAP]?EJ^7]4]?QOF*G)YR$?_




MLJ4E?P=J)#A;Q'&^X4K=TIBRYX@/#*.KTY//B2Z;TGU@Z6C18
JBX!A.+3G9


A]DY532^


$%%:C)4ITAW44K+6_I,
MLPU]3ROC$9*&=M;329.Z@U-)%6%PP+AH-X:.H4-
;8MEVZN-=^ZV+AFW7JY
MF3#8?IE9T*#

^?81_E49PF!CF1(I=\3YL]-1H
M

Q
MNX[R\6'#0?HLR$#V5_K$XM3BN


MQ2:&LZ?+C&_8'GGKF#%B9IDY+L.J_@P0TN/!DT.2BI


-RO7G(AS-*$/.@L+&MRYZ3F&WO=?_O##/Q'!2QH&

MP0&]^C
R!]1[

0(C(F0@
7&:M8E(K_^N+@8;'#(6!ZZ*&AG\$UJCJ-O!5218<+G;=



M;M!A9;W8/&[X5NP-TH.?I[RH[FFQ J
M






#B0N3#APXZ&I_+ZX925;

MU-_K8@ 

*((CQJB6



M \4QR+NH0)C^#BRZ8%F4Q2Q*G?&EXY@=7V;5)7RIR7'ARZBC%E_D[FF/:8-U

M@*3_Q%F/#175;)#0J]@A02;! 0M7E+02%04K&QGG?\1K=;_D_SEN(A:/5$

N&#M:


RPG&T[


M_(G(;$:+-=SP6AXIJ$GGO>[4*SN\\93I@N/&03GYJ'A+NL_'#!K7
M%EE&MSNQ5S_\\


]CY58#6[J*.&!I87%5$X3,!I[)!G;(\I:  W93U1YC
M$N20_S,X40199N

MK;6XI8\
-

MFI@O%Q

M\&2B=H*W=)U#VHA'*$JUT8-$1S[S.851Z=%QA9(6$7*

CFGT



-
CS(

M=$2SYO!1*CA(VC.@0 

M:4S9
RQPWM.J : .RD:667V#@_(#%V&@1P
;!R55X4B4%!T#DIGF
?.A


28@
M&3548 GH^\X(!YSX=$NYXLDM5
_=Z*)I)*IY-VQ*%8?[M $)&IBH]9)W9345
M*6HR'











8R#%B
MSW&W

XW


Z!

M\1@7$1C$Y'A3Y$MM2. 8DX@*%3KPZ#W,RZG(LVQH&@@


%IB-#[$IN$81QU]E[L;R9.C.YIRF8\_THPKF/)5
MUB)9L8R!
;! :LS33:J.S+
N5+P
&JQ?G#C10-!+73DL7KQC*KF $W!OJ[P)














)!13S





MY
FLH:&G



5DL)/D)V

$M8/NKJC&LCK^\^25




!G
]2CWZ ^)FQTPC!-Y6X[%1[S0$O
GYAU=.VM2YH




L*I\NTOR#

3^0.]W:TJMDJ,K5
MK!K1'LRSN5-O@SIWZLP9'(B3U/5Z,J'*LHW#I?HEQ,0\\(]K47XS!5\%GW(

YW.?#@\%KNBKJ^9O6H'VH
M'OLQ8MEU=K=FF?\=YN'DB4L*EZD?M)2SA7:8Z_B[:CGN'N  [JCY#RGS=Q1
$<VNI6,,5F^
&:HR'Q9'.D'G
M

Q2Z
MI2Y36(:LK*DVOA=P^DNSSMUVCCP6YKTO0F*K9)M?KA57L1.U\COTUPC9-





6S^\8TKO[=1UK$K*0^:T\C:Y IV\$8Y7QM
MX


M%WH'N24\IJO?_5_Y'D6DA)\MVDB)=2.6/+R097?9BRU:0C2 */XQCA_7-)J)

-*?D\:8B_@! =0&&@FC=@AJX;@E2VN:OX\L?6


MD44O7+T!;#]7=YU%N9
[4V1.K5L7C-^:^Z[1ZGJI2]WMR#@?4'T
V6+3A0L)



MT3W[F=-ST&Z
.(#KJ:WLI+N:6WP%$(T29T*5S/Y3L 
A;[N0&44H0=0&E KE
MZO27.+;-_&[R9D/H/LSN4+N+
!Q(WH


W9QG
-?%X]1UI1YY'-



M[@MD^PGR]_8C__$)#+/MU=X]_5B]3?4I'/;_F:


_&W-+S?/-0+1[R3?5C+FIM

:.VE92)84[D
MV17O(TU/C0995A4U)4L@H*;E.)[%QMNH9*7()M=-!ZT#[_EU/F'(S3)YY;&?



M'E_Y(*NNZ$M):E/^6_R8 ]_

@X(OA
B.
6NO^-%

M')D.#: 
RDG/_


C
MHWKJ8

2XX&6'8=Y3




M[F.WV%H .UT;_Z23@N6-L7

Z







&914'XU)*3
MFAZ=QP;Y/(L64



MT+4Z6YK2&):%6^ANGQ#S/V]Q?!Y5$?E\DT6;A/%?OL !V^:)\^@!\TO]?VVP


3XW:*N1CXGFA)9:
MP3Z&AA1HP*)4:XP*3@0NJR/# 8I;RC=9&PJ)OA\S!E[3S3
Y\
U[)NAHQO D
MT


M70;




7$2O^&J4;^A.-X&(1G+#/ ;
'_YQX\S:KCSYG9C18]-5X















(-S
O6AN**G!_\YWFN^RBD_2FF;U%3)K#91)!@YJH7A)0(/U26J/
M0=[C$*NWAH=0P80#PM=\^BGJ0 9-4PPHY@2?0K4^LGH_HX&-K-,8$X*3_NV


4N6[*4$3^]U^_


Z2O=_&ID9KK7*&\
=EYCSXXJCR4E-*L=A0D

M @?P?HJ*WRC
NDUM)XW%



M3^-LPM;I6%EP0

M
D;5-

MKM58H;%R3!0@!&ZDH(*KJ%  PVE6LI8N&G?(UN[VEE''K\]YF/.JJ\BE+3
M29-2MW'CWH
4?&EYMT'D^K2OBNVO/WN8!P)N1JG?!)AYT0QM3X5U)4-/B& ;
9QC\4 ^#C#Z
MPJ8EZI[MDFH@TQ*R1G3?($GO(\*)1SWI@;886J
T6PX3/;[K;B=MU?Y.7:OA

MT;2
D6/61Q5VU0?/*O3D:!9(=AW5W@)A=OBVX
+ )(W9&MHYP614MP\C)2$:

MA\
//XNZ3I]H(&90SF'/&IPA76V9/[H



M=.(
L?]P
\.$#0SZ^?%]6@








%_EIOADTG9A:^N5=&3F:
^+&T,OLGXI7YXGG&!1EK0J


@\)*?5SXFR)=0 L)?(B0YY:%1T/

\D!U&-6;
=A?FKC2A^O7&89^V9(BB^I

'FLG+24WY
M'*AF$LNV2+ AQ=GUFD*-]NSQBEMU%A7%Q\@'Z)6YG&2T)0!-I-
\)1SXX7



M[LLY)5
@:!D
T$!




7 K&$9@F@^9S&


M35RWB7Y*(RZ:(?1?9

UM+/64C&I.RBJHB)$X]1
VLE9)+(*







MLKHI\IC2I+S@?0MZPMN-MOZ!J(@P; +MX/.4


M 9KH\GT[\



)N)4[*RS9U\5_SE&N=LNK%




3BCM?#



7C^+&B\7\C8YS=7\-W
M'-YOJ.P87LVO@=#T[B



M9^_C(O0XG)&')=.VH5U(?_

F6'7;.3V*
 _-3=MH-

M\ND' $Y2/QF@8S\_
.F^M[.%1\YBD&PGS,)[R]\,H/CP$








!1J:TC'$_J;(^(4-EF*ZT7M$802J2S8TZCK 2Q$1TN1*F5
M\YIXHS@NVN)AFVP=L6TF623+2N-2NM\*4Y;B0WXLGD]IEO






M\4WX#;S.&


M+2#1S'5=FKMW+ YI:)HL-+J@EP-];/92V0=K

M((KT/T=ZWR

MCV#
)W4H(^=*0H5CV(F$2.5E5J\U?RSR4ALR?H@O'=/0


U$W
MZNKHQ7#)-XYSL8\PL^3AC)PE'24.I]W
59 R\:!;;
5WCLEA:YMIGZ-.^LBG



:\9



*;

M#A2K

M)[\#'7QIOW9
!Z66)MOGP:CF4[C&Z
'L


M:JS]WTU\HN//8)Q^\.UWZ&GV
MUL+%^+_-P
?O5QLC?W;/L=?Y.Z'9 [:W!H
M3M-7OQ@3MU9D?+GUB4T [W[?L.KE
BNK8B




?ZN:
X

7IA/J)TNE/E^K3J!\):H
P@]H1[O#E@<3OYGW 
S. ._S-Y%\=//7!E+!*D?

MNS:A



F# FV%E2H/










AP2W.1F1UGERCT\W%F,[2O(2W:(GFK.L458W


:KMN8)#.^YJ=)#+=.5C^D:5E+]*YL$R&

C/RD!=%_D&<9FS6
-7R

+<V8H=C'%[P-/+'%3R=';/L<GV



M\^FRN==O-SM0GFSX'
U.C:L#7535KM[S354OW[DK%R756!9OQ#HN87S
5ND+

MW_P!TN



#MJG_DAYW\!  &:3&:W^9



/5348=QYWSMHN5^?#$^*Z1;]O( ^VN
M5^N%(M_4K6G
-W7\O[?^
'O;40V-)J8D&3X$*%5C_Y?4T*2<&+


TEZR

M;9SXK&@U+#MU-#AZFJSDO9S@ZV(FH%A!YTNK-OF0173VCU^V/0#5M'=VXL


.VR_

M5W_[]J=7;\[_!/CL[QEJN




M/;[/-^5&O)FM



Z:*9/Y=.6([BIY4ZRR=S=;9-MEJW1S80[\]MQMHA\XE



M$N0Z:?#'D40;]HX#:2('-GNF-[P5M=FO=)08\:-7TW3NN 5
RT_6G)ADT4K


83)@/SX6






:I3_-8(
WTT;_FZ/H2;7.?XS^W4:_

M_V[:Z/_N*'I2K?

F3'?46!&H_2G.?J_GS;ZOS^*GE3K_
?HWVWT
=UME


[U9,.!,?5$.'?XA/MHA4^$NB,9[7:I))_#E[9@G-

8TJ3\H+_J7&@[=O4



;[H^\ _0I+N*UM$X4(1



%Q@V8
E'NM

1)$ (



M5C=E[1
J1=-J[9!.+!K@O-J4N'8J*%=7&31T7L5%6<B275<L2\KH99%E=+OH




M.FT-(_D\:5B_Z&_0Z@X61R(=RJ(T)5%9TJI^Y96RZ(&EK&*T))NR?GZ8M]'T
MA../8L?Y^[R37GZ&$7K7Q=U;





M
EZ*3'TJE/GP(X+-)+6E
Y/N88N00CHQ)VV7=Y)(+2K4:DFD .B]3U8NEL9$

M[CTHGC*%/T*3K3MOEK/PVC_;.(Z^$1/J[M/IZMAW+3MI^ -UW'M:P=O*FR*'


MA$X\6H\@WEX*=%\O=2]0;;2(NMFJHB+K8CNZ(=6B2$P09E$]2WZ:\$=YD]25


MWYO_#=\WVN6S0U^Y\B+J.V^5%5-5?Z


MJ5#G B'-=Q:SM+;D&I+W+)+_W)25V/\:';R9%1$P?#662I(NES06J6NW$P&Y

#W68
\?=*Y@2
?EG
#


8F*?@ZR8.2^RB1[A #2J:1R&@P=4(<:BUI= *8(:06F:
M?X!GR4X^4F9#V%\NVCIYSXZ?= *P]%\/6:-:V(XLF/M-HZE3GW&&T$^KN!L


MJJLZTL*J -=-97.]QH^$P@@O.$%YQ5-MPA[K=L50355[K6'@0'QXJRI=

M%% C&[-/W'32CPTY%WFQI Q^S!)]0O&]?^%30)39L'VB2_DE-$AKL7]3L'A;
MR*=L?BV]9C
!#T

O.'


M\&G^E_\?4$L#!!0    ( .^ ?TKJ54J.
48  *;U!  5    97-D:2TR
#$V
M
3(S


BUHZOWX!DE7%(G%)\%*9E
L/MBPA061^B020R$S\



)4S^^ISP





[%Y]]]
M_^ZD^/B_0&C3E[70E82OUH$0S=O.X_WD!5+*=X^
I8EM@
K&@X[HQHN%0!Y9
)=&_N^/43 7ENF
+;C/
MT_
_


3\\





M!ZOJF8AZ1S=)




-XYB

M*\;_0?X@&?GPYMMW9?CSOXA?_5:
X98MN?QTF%Y[*Z88N6BJ;ED?:%4WIK$_

&#9\W(MNU=+?;P$4^@DEH:MX

M:P:5/L%#LH)=1
NTN^G([RV369;FA0W$##7:)R

M78C?:5810W


E^


MB(TV;NLS6STH?94EI940[1K++'4E0D I]+F/;@_9-$G$5LN^IZFWPXI?

'-
 98\=X *-&/_0QC2I.*P(?[W9
MR%X57&M'F \OC5(OR%LBSZ4B(_HF\ JWZR8MVFC5S%1HH1
NNRT(XS1FUAE;




X]'*QJFXI8'%=#[/TP6\X
;C

0]AFG


-^_
M-EU.8D6DTJGF5 YN]VX'9;SVT!*TFEN8!L3LO8$F91?-3'4JOZQLJ&B'
M[(&PR'
WL#=QM##%E.TUPO8



EH4A2I-HECZR6

M@(R(ZV


T+



M!HZ%##O




MXL4IOIO:(:F68-F.GC &Y-:B0*S+])0\%LG:9UDLQGN3?RZO@%#\6O![Q^(G
M[K/DG29:S[43[&6T(]1M6.['&KN!6







MT5(^GMSN3 KH%JH.5/U(_4AA!'I2*'?_B@+N%ZHI5#U8/8F!DJI MHD5-F34

S14E7+HET?P&CW5[





8]]%9&982=W:'DT@=ZM9-!?4/NTJ2QVC?'/?7]*!-S


MJT*WD]5044H$RLD





=^O9+(*\

X

)1VXPIUQ+Y#IC5!1!%%^/TS$@Y5+2

%&I?A(HI7!1#V8F30#J!X#^9!:X&WHW1H;,4N
MPY0)V::R[KPIFK7:@K.8!XP5TG7HU:;+%
!0V9XWGO/TB_#YV+#9H*DV18*

V]




\+4==?L
M$Q) BIOJIAZ=TS1UZP5YVH*Q;.:X.8N*U#JHO$C9FX@?ZA
Q)YEL:###7W=#



M#\TU9]M#?DC:[P




I0/Q3Y3
M]12(D[(^*
#\





&?X*XKY+H.*:Z-[*?X-




M8U MH^-\&E#F5!:1

M!0(N*!LKU:2*E;;:1Z!.H 2



9XU;5J4/L74\7+6@E.U*VVE#T
MU&[WS=*JQD+ %

QI*'

L)F\QHU2;MJ@P!9/P2JH+[_3O5\:7CRF;
M3\6!P5NRZVSUP.+9(A]JBXGMU!UV[5.WJL2=9$9JCK:N6&R:Q\T7#O7+28Q
MX4=8P'BKJ


M?(DW;))J[6PSL*'C@\S#7N%MO%NXSW&UGAL%P

VD!#!Q:QG=H V
M[.SVJW00^LQDZ 
8G4US[+KQ5CTSH[+/-8T=^#5+B\VI#)W2 U)KANV
UZZ$



9*_[[:Q3_+@L=



E6C4:T5C


MI-W0$)6@-T

MC(;
-Q7QMN4K[]@R3]C1R]] 
IH@91O7 SGT-M\]XTD:\X=
T*D$+=NJF](/
M

4'(AX
M-)'#J*@@=UG+_Z=2=MZ_BRK[!B :K:D'R*L'3HE"IOTUM!4+7%OC0%PZ!G
ME 80EV'*A.Q2*PJ-AM@7IF (-S2D'_QK+RPFGE\4/X$C1X#96/L&U
P#@96
M
1-

H
J#97!P$-9QM(R]E3



!0:JMVV_@D4I] .\S&





/7G0P&ZO2*\0L


MS<26CYLG-]Z+=*:9;FH^O*O/XYQR4I*2N*I\F*?I^K6%&H)C[*BLTGXQUK.


^_H B@*
M&TH^LWRT\EWRR LWHS[-XMCH!C
^'MVPF$=S[HNAFB]H+&38^XB6TTC#/D6D+N+\;5G_9;9H

M+



4U
M#6BL(1H=8E;P%P\GO





MG\\@.\T &M!8]@80

MYI$EE^%9N3T7#:9)PM+D%R_(BR(/KBA;Z[?7#J&]OOUYLZM) H:0W)WXF9


]WH]MTP0=!8/1MCG:V9K%41+J_$F$^]




MLJ5








MM:+7M

%Q/DQ
M\6.^UN1@J4_=L

MHHN)[&




M7.#?-9+GRL]





M_YB4?TW:G)S 74+U #&HICN3Y)TC%DY
2;3MNH/?D OBBN: ,\*5*QCNIBP
M\-3B@ 7M$:HS_2=S]JTSG44QKCV'A:M6)RAXGUUZ=\I1T5M1GM2LO#5^834


M!*X&2C!+F/_-

MI%7C[C

MBJ%6WNU-/KU4_V*N#.#2QQCV?2W8JF0H$@'35C! U98&..XJ:0!NV!WF^6H=

/6@EUG!0239'1*
R

MRV&DV ^[M-3)ZNKO(J.A3NG/_J




%YEO5CLW^Z:


M.Q:A/5A* =  *Q]?
;*S+.;A\J9(
ZRHUT44W['XB?O
Z!IWZP?[W@G^#%@K





MGL7Y


OJ(2'





ZHL7



3W8#





M:5S6-QE[T





*TV8SOKVG3)X\'
ACA(HI_TKP(UW7[









CF

M;D90
[H=8P?Q-&SV YMM@JZ




J% 
83N6=SJ6=SJ6=R);*V@PS^ KJ15TK%!SK%!S

MXU
56M:&


_-FBRLO-#RI6&V#


M





O&;_P]02P$% ,4     #O@']*'Q5U
MS3GY   A8@P $0              @ $     97-D:2TR
#$V
3(S
2YX;6Q0

M97-D:2TR
#$V
3(S

2  !A 0$


38Q
C


