

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-004107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190328
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		19712163
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110








     






U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________

Commission
File Number 000-54959

EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)


1001
SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
Portland
Oregon 97214
(Address
of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Common
    Stock
 $0.0001 par value
    
The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Title
                                         of Each Class)

    
(Name
                                         of Each Exchange on Which Registered)



Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 




Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
]
No&nbsp;[X]

Indicate
 [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)
    
Smaller
    reporting company 

Emerging
    growth company 
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]


The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 29
 2018
 the last business day of
the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $34
550
018 based on the last reported sales price of
the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date.

As
of March 25
 2019
 9
102
297 shares of our common stock were outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 





    
    


PART
I

Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
 is referred to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;EAST
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
or &ldquo;we.&rdquo;

Item
1. BUSINESS

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The
statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as that term
is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that could significantly impact results.
Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the company or our outlook. You can identify
forward-looking statements by the fact they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo; and similar words or expressions. Examples include
 among others
statements about:



    
    
General
    industry
 market and economic conditions (including consumer spending patterns and preferences) and our expectations regarding
    growth in the markets in which we operate;

    
    
Our
    ability to introduce competitive new products on a timely basis and continue to make investments in product development and
    our expectations regarding the effect of new products on our operating results;

    
    
Our
    realizing the results of our competitive strengths;

    
    
Our
    continuing to focus on and ability to realize our strategic objectives;

    
    
Our
    continuing to follow our product approach;

    
    
Our
    ability to retain
 market and grow our existing brands
 including Redneck Riviera Whiskey and the effect
    that may have on other brands;

    
    
Our
    ability to protect our intellectual property
 including trademarks related to our brands; 

    
    
The
    effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate; 

    
    
The
    ability of our production capabilities to support our business and operations and our ability to continue to expand our production
    capabilities to meet demand; 

    
    
Our
    ability to cultivate our distribution network; 

    
    
Application
hanges in
    applicable laws
 regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate and the impact of newly enacted laws; 

    
    
The
    availability of financing; 

    
    
Our
    expectations regarding our direct-to-consumer sales and retail stores; 

    
    
Our
    ability to expand our operations by acquisitions and to integrate and realize the benefits of our acquisitions; 

    
    
Our
    plan and ability to exploit Cannabidiol (&ldquo;CBD&rdquo;) products;

    
    
Our
    liquidity and capital needs and ability to meet our liquidity needs; and

    
    
Our
    operations
 financial performance and results of operations. 


Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
any or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize
 or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially
differ from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.

We
undertake no obligation to provide updates to forward-looking statements to the public
 whether as a result of new information
future events or otherwise. You should
 however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form
10-Q or Form 8-K.

The
following is a cautionary discussion of certain risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business.
In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following are some of the important factors that
 individually
or in the aggregate
 we believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements.
It is impossible to predict or identify all such factors and
 as a result
 you should not consider the following factors to be
a complete discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions.


    
    




We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike many distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners
subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States in early 2018 primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;). During 2018
 its
first year on the market
 RRW generated strong commercial progress and results
 and we have focused our sales efforts outside
of Oregon on RRW. We believe RRW will be a key growth engine in 2019 and will also provide a &ldquo;coattail&rdquo; effect for
our other brands
 helping them to achieve improved national recognition and success.

Operating
as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek utilize our small
size to our advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
 our team can leverage
its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate more of our attention
and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the light-whiskey segment
is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went
from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative
in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low
sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique
taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey
 and most recently our Portland Mule drink
(our first ready-to-drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;) cocktail in a single serving can).

As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its award-winning
super-premium gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt
Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In December of 2018
we acquired the remaining 10% of BBD. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned
subsidiary acquired in March 2017
 and Craft Canning LLC (&ldquo;Craft Canning&rdquo;) acquired on January 11
 2019
 we also provide
contract bottling
 canning
 and packaging services for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers. We intend to use
our canning equipment
 at MotherLode and Craft Canning
 to profit from the rapid growth in canned beverages (Beer
 Wine
 Spirit-based
RTD&rsquo;s and CBD. We believe our significant capacity expansion (and regional reputation) due to the more recent acquisition
of Craft Canning
 is a competitive advantage.

Corporate
History

We
were incorporated in Nevada in February 2004 under the name Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. In December 2014
 we changed our corporate
name to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect our acquisition of Eastside Distilling
 LLC.

In
October 2014
 Eurocan Holdings Ltd. consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;)
pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Eurocan
 Eastside and Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement
 Eastside merged with and into Eastside Distilling
Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition consisted of 1
600
000 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock.
In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 1
245
500 shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
upon consummation of the Merger Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 2
000
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
of which 1
600
000 shares were held by the former members of Eastside. Following the Acquisition
 we conduct the business of Eastside
as our primary business.


    
    


Market
Opportunity

Large
and Growing Global and Domestic Markets

The
global spirits market is very large
 generating total revenues in excess of $350 billion annually
 growing at a moderate (estimated
2-4%) pace.

The
U.S. spirits market had total revenues of $26.2 billion in 2017
 representing more than a 32% increase since 2010
 according to
the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States (&ldquo;DISCUS&rdquo;). The domestic market share of spirits
compared to beer and wine was at a record 36.6% in 2017 according to DISCUS
 representing more than a 3% gain over beer and wine
in terms of market share since 2010.

Key
Growth Trends that We Target

Craft

000 cases annually)
has more than doubled over the last five years
 and is projected to reach 8% by 2020
 according to the American Distilling Institute.

High-End
and Super-Premium 
 across most categories
 continue to exhibit strong
growth trends
 up approximately 7% in 2017.

Millennials

 &ldquo;Millennials&rdquo; (individuals born between the early 1980s and the mid-1990s) value &ldquo;authenticity&rdquo;
and are inspired by travel and like to try new products and seek new experiences
 according to a survey by BeverageDaily.com.
Millennials tend to drink a broader range of spirit types (vodka
 rum
 tequila
 whiskey
 gin) than prior generations
 and Millennials
consume more expensive spirits than their predecessors. These individuals are often attracted to vintage spirits and cocktails
with nostalgic followings
 such as throwbacks to the 1950s like rye whiskey
 bourbon and the Manhattan cocktail. According to
Barclays Research
 millennials increasingly prefer spirits over beer and wine
 and flavored spirits in particular. In addition
according to DISCUS
 millennials are more willing than prior generations to purchase premium spirits and continue to gravitate
toward high-end and super premium spirits.

International

past decade. U.S. spirit exports increased 14.3% to $1.63 billion in 2017.

Our
Strategy and Its Implementation

Our
objective is to build Eastside Distilling into a strong
 nationally competitive and profitable spirits and beverage-production
company
 which includes: 1) offering a distinctive portfolio of premium and high-end spirit brands that have consumer appeal and
following and 2) providing a scalable
 private-label production and packaging operation designed to support small-to-large producers
of spirits
 wine
 beer
 CBD
 or other consumer-based beverage products. Our overall strategies to accomplish that goal include:



    
    
create
    a &ldquo;brand factory&rdquo; to develop and grow emerging spirits and Ready-to-Drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;) brands;

    
    
    

    
    
be
    an acquisition platform for the fragmented craft spirits industry; and

    
    
    

    
    
build
    cash flow in the Pacific Northwest home market through sales of our locally-created spirits and with our contract canning
    and bottling subsidiaries to help support our overall growth activities.



    
    


To
help achieve this
 we are focused on:



    
    
achieving
    world-class spirit rebranding with the collaboration of Sandstrom Partners;

    
    
    

    
    
growing
    organically as well as through acquisitions;

    
    
    

    
    
monetizing
    our diverse and growing branded-product portfolio;

    
    
    

    
    
xpanding
    our co-packing (private-label) services;

    
    
    

    
    
improving
    margins; and

    
    
    

    
    
accelerating
    our strong double-digit growth in core markets
 as well as expanding opportunistically in international markets.


Our
Strengths

We
believe the following competitive strengths will help enable the implementation of our growth strategies:




    
    
Award-Winning
    Diverse Product Line
 currently offering over twenty premium craft spirits
 many of which
    have won awards for taste and/or product design. According to a study by the American Craft Spirits Association
 the U.S.
    craft spirits volume of cases sold experienced a compound annual growth rate of over 25% between 2010 and 2017 and saw an
    increase in market share from 0.8% to 3.2% during that period. Our sales of premium brands have increased over 1
000% since
    2010. We believe our diverse
 recognized product line in this growing market will enable us to establish a presence in new
    geographic markets and enable us to procure additional distributors for our products.

    
    
    

    
    
Key
    Relationships: 
    States
 such as RNDC
 Young&rsquo;s Market and Southern Glazer&rsquo;s. We have also engaged Park Street
 a provider of back-office
    administrative and logistical services for alcohol and beverage distributors. We believe these relationships will help accomplish
    our goal of having our premium spirits sold and distributed nationwide.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
                                         Distilling and Blending Experts:
                                         distillers
 with highly regarded &ldquo;palates&rdquo; and experience is important to
                                         us maintaining a high-quality
 artisanal character to our products as well as adding
                                         to our consumer appeal.
        
        

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
                                         Marketing and Branding:
 an internationally-known
                                         spirit branding firm
 provides us with strong expertise and capabilities with respect
                                         to marketing and branding
 a critical element in a large consumer market
 such as spirits.
        

    
    
    

    
    
Expanded
) acquisition of Craft Canning along with our substantial investments
    already made during 2017 and 2018
 we believe that our production capabilities have been significantly enhanced to support
    both our Eastside branded products as well as our private-label operations.



Our
Product Approach

Our
approach to our craft spirits involves five important aspects:



    
    
Commitment
    to Quality
 innovative products targeted at growing markets.

    
    
    

    
    
Authentic
    Yet Scalable:
 while keeping flavor profiles
    consistent.



    
    




    
    
Unique
    Talent and Experience

    
    
    

    
    
Extensive
    Spirit Portfolio
 which we believe affords
    us the opportunity to target a broader range of consumers with our brands.

    
    
    

    
    
Generate
    Customer Loyalty


Our
Brands and Services

We
develop
 produce and market the premium brands and provide canning and bottling services listed below:

.
We develop
 market and produce several premium
 barrel&ndash;aged whiskeys and bourbons under our brand name &ldquo;Burnside.&rdquo;
During 2017
 we undertook a major re-branding and market re-positioning strategy with our Burnside-branded products. This effort
was led by our marketing partner
 Sandstrom Partners. The new branding
 packaging and product line expansion was launched late
in the fourth quarter of 2017. The current products sold under this brand include: Burnside West End Blend (a blended whiskey)
Burnside Oregon Oaked Bourbon (a blended bourbon)
 Burnside Goose Hollow RSV Bourbon (a special reserve straight bourbon)
 Burnside
Oregon Oaked Rye (a blended rye whiskey)
 and Burnside Buckman Reserve. All of the Burnside products are age-finished in our own
in-house
 specifically treated
 Oregon-oak barrels
 which we believe adds an enhanced and improved flavor profile and provides
the products with differentiation in the marketplace and anchors the lineup to our Oregon roots. We consider the Burnside products
to be &ldquo;premium&rdquo; to &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brands. Our Burnside brands accounted for approximately 15% and 25%
of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. While dollar volume increased during 2018
 the decrease
in Burnside as a percentage of our total sales is primarily due to the introduction of the new Redneck Riviera Whiskey
product and its strong initial year along with a rapid increase in our private label business.

Redneck
Riviera Whiskey
 we were granted an exclusive license for the use of the Redneck Riviera brand for spirits-based
products. The Redneck Riviera trademark is owned by Rich Marks
 which is controlled by John Rich
 a &ldquo;multiple platinum&rdquo;
country music singer and songwriter who performs with the &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich&rdquo; band. In January 2018
 we officially launched
our first product
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey
 under this royalty-free
 10-year license. During 2018
 this new brand generated substantial
interest from distributors and customers around the nation and contributed 32% to total sales for the year. Beginning in 2020
we will be required to meet certain levels of case sales to avoid termination of the license
 and if those levels are met
 we
will be entitled to renew the license in perpetuity or until such time as a sale of the Redneck Riviera spirits brands occurs.

Income
from sales of RRW and any subsequent products go entirely to us
 less any customary brand development allowances to distributors
or other such payment that are within our discretion. We are required to reimburse Mr. Rich for his expenses incurred while performing
personal services in marketing the brand. Should Rich Marks choose to sell the Redneck Riviera spirits brand
 we and Rich Marks
will share equally in the sale proceeds of any brand and other IP developed under the license
 based on a sliding scale that gives
Rich Marks an increasing percentage of sale proceeds
 if any
 over $20 million. We have certain rights of first refusal to acquire
Rich Mark&rsquo;s interest should a third party sale be proposed.

Barrel
Hitch American Whiskey
80 proof and won a triple-Gold Medal and &ldquo;best of show&rdquo; in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards in 2015. Barrel Hitch was
introduced in July 2015 and accounted for approximately 2% and 11% of our sales for the years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Premium
Vodka. 
 market and produce a premium potato vodka under the brand name &ldquo;Portland Potato Vodka&rdquo;
 which
is distilled from potatoes rather than grain and is gluten-free. Our Portland Potato Vodka was awarded a gold medal from the 2018
Los Angeles International Spirits Competition. A new product
 Hot Potato Vodka
 was added to this category in the second quarter
of 2017 and more recently in late 2018 our new Marionberry Vodka. The vodka is 80 proof and accounted for approximately 15% and
22% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. While dollar volume increased during 2018
 the
decrease in Vodka as a percentage of sales is primarily due to the introduction of the new Redneck Riviera Whiskey product and
its strong initial year along with a rapid increase in our private label business.


    
    


Distinctive
Specialty Whiskeys
 market and produce two distinctive specialty whiskeys: Cherry Bomb Whiskey and Marionberry
Whiskey. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey combines handcrafted small batch whiskey with a blast of real Oregon cherries. Our Cherry Bomb
Whiskey won a gold medal for taste and a silver medal for package design in the 2014 MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Marionberry
whiskey combines Oregon marionberries (a hybrid blackberry) with premium aged whiskey and was awarded two silver medals in the
MicroLiquor Spirit Awards for taste and package design. Our specialty whiskeys accounted for approximately 4% and 13% of our sales
for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

.
We develop
 market and produce two rums under the &lsquo;Below Deck&rsquo; brand name: Below Deck Silver Rum and Below Deck Spiced
Rum. We also sell a Coffee Rum (which was renamed and now marketed under &lsquo;Hue Hue&rsquo;). Below Deck&rsquo;s Silver Rum
is our original rum. Below Deck Spiced Rum is double-distilled from molasses and infused with exotic spices and won a triple gold
medal for taste in the 2014 MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Coffee Rum is double-distilled and infused with real cold-brewed coffee
from Arabica beans and won a Best in Category
 Rum
 2017 and 2018 from the American Distilling Institute Spirit Competition. Our
Rum-based products accounted for approximately 4% and 11% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Seasonal/Limited
Edition Spirits
 whiskeys
 rum and vodka
 we create seasonal and limited-edition handmade
products
 such as Advocaat (eggnog) Liqueur
 Peppermint Bark Liqueur
 Bier Schnapps and Holiday Spiced Liqueur. Our Seasonal/Limited
Edition Spirits accounted for approximately 1% of our sales for each of the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

BBD
Spirits
in May 2017. The extensive BBD product portfolio includes several craft spirits that we believe are highly complementary to our
product line
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin (114 proof) and Delta Rye (111 proof) rye whiskey
 among others.
Inspired by the craft spirits movement in Oregon
 Big Bottom Distillery&rsquo;s small-batch
 hand-crafted spirits provide consumers
with unique takes on traditional spirits. BBD products accounted for approximately 4% and 3% of our sales for the years ended
December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

MotherLode
LLC
 MotherLode
 provides bottling services
 as well as production support to customers such
as other craft spirit and wine producers. We refer to this as our private-label business. MotherLode added the ability to provide
canning services to customers for wine and RTD alcoholic drinks. The custom built canning line is designed to produce Ball Corporation&rsquo;s
popular &ldquo;slim can&rdquo; in 187 ml
 200 ml and 250 ml sizes
 with 250 ml being equal to approximately 8.45 ounces. The new
line was completed in late 2017 and began to produce for customers in early 2018. During 2018
 we also conducted private bulk
spirit sales which further added to the MotherLode operations during the year. MotherLode accounted for approximately 23%
and 9% of our sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. In January 2019
 we significantly added to our
private label operations with the acquisition of Craft Canning
 LLC.

Recent
New Product Launches
These new products include recently launched: 1) our first ready-to-drink canned (spirit-based) product
 called the Portland Mule
and 2) two new Redneck Riviera whiskey product extensions which include a larger 1.75ml size and a premium version named Granny
Rich reserve. We also anticipate launching in 2019 our first CBD-based canned product
 called Outlandish
 which does not contain
alcohol and is currently limited to sales in Oregon.


    
    


Production
and Supply

We
achieve various complex flavor profiles through one or more of the following techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition of various
natural flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types of casks for extended
periods of time
 as well as the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand. After
we complete the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes
 we bottle the various liquids. This involves several important
stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles in various configurations
for shipment.

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for the sourcing of our spirit products and raw materials
 including our distillate products
and other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S. We do not have long-term
 written agreements
with any of our suppliers. However
 we believe that we have consistent and reliable third-party sources for the needed materials.
We produce and bottle all our spirits for distribution
 regardless of whether the distillation phase of the process was at our
facility or at one of our suppliers. During 2018
 we procured a significant portion of our outside base distillate from MGP Ingredients
and we intend to continue to actively rely on this supplier.

Distribution
Network

We
believe that one of our key strengths the distribution network that we have developed with our sales team and our independent
distributors and brokers. We currently have distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in 39 U.S.
states.

U.S.
Distribution

Importers
of beverage alcohol in the United States must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported
brand is first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the United
States
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally
large
 privately-held companies. In the 18 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers
including our company. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
bars
 supermarkets and other outlets licensed to sell alcoholic beverages. In larger states
 such as New York
 more than one distributor
may handle a brand in separate geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
which distribute the products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while
maintaining strict control over pricing and profit.

The
U.S. spirits industry has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. Eight major
spirits companies currently dominate the industry
 each of which owns and operates its own importing businesses. All companies
including these large companies
 are required by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the United States.
The major companies continue to exert increasing influence over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become increasingly
difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized by distributors.



We
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department and the requisite state licenses within the states we conduct business.

Our
inventory is maintained in our warehouses in Milwaukie
 Oregon and Hillsboro
 Oregon and shipped nationally by our network of
licensed and bonded carriers.

Wholesalers
and Distributors

In
the United States
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 product placement and retail
store penetration. All of the distributors that we currently work with also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and brands.
As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we have established
relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in the thirty-nine states we sell our products
 and our products are
sold in the U.S. by these wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.


    
    


Other
Sources of Revenue

Retail
Stores and Kiosks

We
currently have five retail stores in the Portland
 Oregon area that provide us with additional opportunities for sales of our
products. Three of these locations are located within shopping mall centers. During the holiday season (November and December)
we also expand our retail operations by opening additional temporary locations
 usually within high-traffic shopping malls in
the Portland metro region. We intend to maintain these retail stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer
retail sales. These stores provide in-store tastings
 which we believe leads to additional product purchases.

Special
Events

We
also generate sales from participating in special events (such as farmers&rsquo; markets
 trade shows
 hosting private tastings
etc.). We offer tastings as well as sell merchandise and bottle sales and have generated as much as $75
000 in sales from these
special events in a single month
 particularly during the winter holiday season (November/December). In addition to the sales
these events generate
 we value the immediate customer feedback during these activities
 which is instrumental in creating better
products and testing new flavors.

Significant
Customers

Sales
to one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 30% and 32% of our consolidated sales for
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Sales
Team

We
have a total sales force of 21 people
 with an average of over ten years of industry experience with premium beverage alcohol
brands.

Our
sales personnel are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional
plans for our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel.
Our sales team also maintains relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training
and education for our brands.

In
addition
 we have also engaged Park Street Imports
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol
and beverage distributors
 which services include state compliance
 logistics planning
 order processing
 distributor chargeback
and bill-support management and certain accounting and reporting services.

Advertising
Marketing and Promotion

To
build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: distributors
 retail trade and end consumers.
Advertising
 marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build
substantial brand value.

In
late 2016
 to aid us in this strategy
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 a Portland-based firm specializing in spirits branding
and tasked them with reviewing our current product portfolio
 as well as our new ideas
 and advising us on marketing
 creation
of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. We are using Sandstrom&rsquo;s full range of brand development
services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and
development. During 2017
 Sandstrom Partners helped us successfully re-brand our key Burnside product as well as developed the
branding for our new &ldquo;Redneck Riviera&rdquo; brand. Throughout 2018 Sandstrom Partners was focused on a number of new and
existing (re-branded) product efforts. Some of those have now been launched (including Hue Hue
 Granny Rich
 and the more recent
Portland Mule RTD products)
 with several more planned to be launched in 2019.


    
    


We
use a range of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well
as a variety of other traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.

Besides
traditional advertising
 we also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships
and tastings. Our significant U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases
brand awareness. Event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute
product to trend-setting events where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and
on-premise promotions each year.

We
support our brand marketing efforts with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
supported by attractive point-of-sale materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.

Intellectual
Property

Trademarks
are an important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license
including the Redneck Rivera trademark
 which is owned by Rich Marks and described above under &ldquo;Item 1 - Business - Our
Brands&rdquo;. Our brands are protected by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration
in the U.S. where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries.
In the U.S.
 trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets
as we expand our distribution territories.



Our
industry is subject to seasonality with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter
 primarily due to
seasonal holiday buying. Historically
 this holiday demand has resulted in higher sales for us in our fourth quarter.



Industry
is highly competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength.
Our premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant
presence and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
many of which have greater resources than us.

Over
the past ten years
 the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand
ownership. The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today
 we believe eight major companies dominate
the market: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
and Remy Cointreau S.A.

We
believe that we are in a better position to partner with small-to-mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative
capital position and resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements
and acquiring brands by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and
providing brand owners the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our
major competitors
 most of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller
brands and tailor transaction structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and
resources may limit our marketing capabilities
 our ability to expand into new markets and our negotiating ability with our distributors.

By
focusing on the premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
experienced sales force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of
our size. Also
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size
wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.


    
    


Government
Regulation

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs laws
 and the Alcoholic Beverage
Control laws of all fifty states
 among many other regulations.

The
U.S. Treasury Department&rsquo;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales
and advertising and transportation of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
sale and distribution of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with
holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell spirits.

We
are subject to U.S. regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete
prohibition of the marketing of alcohol in some states to restrictions on advertising style
 media and messages.

Labeling
of spirits is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength
and other consumer information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks
of drinking beverage alcohol products.

In
the U.S. control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased
and offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which
are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products
not selected for listings only through special orders
 if at all.

The
distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally.
Most foreign countries impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple
application on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several
countries impose additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs.
Once we begin distributing our products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.



regulations pertaining to our new CBD product
 &ldquo;Outlandish.&rdquo; On December 20
 2018
 the Agricultural Improvement Act
of 2018
 which is also known as the &ldquo;2018 Farm Bill
&rdquo; was enacted and legalized hemp and hemp products under U.S.
federal law. However
 we must still comply with all applicable state hemp laws. Oregon has legalized CBD for personal consumption.
In addition
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) has publicly stated that certain products derived from
hemp
 including CBD
 which is a cannabinoid that can be extracted from hemp
 will be regulated by the FDA. Thus
 participants
in the hemp industry will need to comply with all applicable federal and state laws
 rules and regulations in the cultivation
transportation
 and sale of hemp and hemp derived products. We believe we comply with all federal and state laws
rules and regulations
 including
 in particular
 because we do not believe the FDA has jurisdiction over sales of CBD that
do not affect interstate commerce. However
 these laws continue to evolve and be interpreted. See Item 1A &ldquo;Risk
The federal and state regulatory landscape regarding products containing CBD is uncertain and evolving
and new or changing laws or regulations relating to hemp and hemp-derived products could have a material adverse effect on our
business
 financial condition and results of operations.



As
of December 31
 2018
 we had 49 full-time employees
 21 of whom were in sales and marketing and five of whom were in management
and 28 of whom were in production and administration. We also had 21 part-time employees.

Geographic
Information

Eastside
currently sells its products in 39 states
 as well as in Ontario
 Canada.


    
    


Item
1A. RISK FACTORS

The
statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction
with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo; to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS

If
our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 our sales
 growth
 and profitability may be limited.

Although
certain of our brands continue to achieve acceptance in the Pacific Northwest
 most of our brands are relatively new and have
not achieved national brand recognition. Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future may not establish widespread
brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands at scale
 our sales will be limited and we will not be able
to penetrate our markets.

In
addition
 our profitability depends in part on achieving scale. We will need to achieve wider market acceptance of our brands
and materially increase sales and gain profitability

We
have incurred significant operating losses every quarter since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant
operating losses in the future.

We
believe that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future as we expect to make continued significant investment
in product development and sales and marketing and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands.
We also anticipate that our cash needs will exceed our income from sales for the foreseeable future. Some of our products may
never achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment in them. Also
 we
may find that our expansion plans are more costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases
in our sales
 which would further increase our losses. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow
some of which could be significant. Results of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
including market acceptance of our products
 new product introductions and competition. We also incur substantial operating expenses
at the corporate level
 including costs directly related to being a reporting company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). For the year ended December 31
 2018
 we reported a net loss of $9 million. As of December 31
 2018
we had an accumulated deficit since inception of $27.1 million.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing
suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace.

We
depend on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of the raw materials for all of our products
 including our
distillate products and other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the United States. We do not have
long-term
 written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our relationships or an adverse change in the terms
of these arrangements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not be able
to secure alternative suppliers
 and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the
increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments
of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet
orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause
us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our
business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively impacted.


    
    


We
depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors
to distribute our products adequately within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of
operations to distribute our products.

We
are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies
performing this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains
in the United States. We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
failure to maintain those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently
distribute our products in 39 states.

Over
the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many
states now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution
for several states. If we fail to maintain good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out
of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability
and desire to distribute our products to our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement
and retail store penetration. In addition
 all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot
assure you that our U.S. distributors will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote
and market our brands and product lines or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a decline in our results of operations.

We
rely on a few key distributors
 and the loss of any one key distributor would substantially reduce our revenues.

We
currently derive a significant amount of our revenues from a few major distributors. A significant decrease in business from or
loss of any of our major distributors could harm our financial condition by causing a significant decline in revenues attributable
to such distributors. Sales to one distributor
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 30% and 32%
of our consolidated sales for 2018 and 2017
 respectively. While we believe our relationships with our major distributors are
good
 we do not have long-term contracts with any of them and purchases generally occur on an order-by-order basis. If we experience
a significant decrease in sales to any of our major distributors and are unable to replace such sales volume with orders from
other customers
 our sales may decrease which would have a material adverse financial effect on our results of operations and
financial condition.

The
sales of our products could decrease significantly if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.

In
the control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and
offered for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing in control states must generally reach certain volumes
and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products in control states are selected for purchase and sale through listing
procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not
selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those
states for any additional products we may develop or acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly which would have
a material adverse financial effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We
must maintain a relatively large inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is
lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.

We
must maintain relatively large inventories of our products to meet customer delivery requirements. We are always at risk of loss
of that inventory due to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail
to meet our orders and harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
cease to produce old products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses
and negatively impact our results of operations.


    
    


The
federal and state regulatory landscape regarding products containing CBD is uncertain and evolving
 and new or changing laws or
regulations relating to hemp and hemp-derived products could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
and results of operations.

On
December 20
 2018
 the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018
 which is also known as the &ldquo;2018 Farm Bill
&rdquo; was enacted
and legalized hemp and hemp products under U.S. federal law. However
 we must still comply with all applicable state hemp laws.
In addition
 the Food and Drug Administration (the &ldquo;FDA&rdquo;) has publicly stated that certain products derived from hemp
including CBD
 which is a cannabinoid that can be extracted from hemp
 will be regulated by the FDA. Thus
 participants in the
hemp industry will need to comply with all applicable federal and state laws
 rules and regulations in the cultivation
 transportation
and sale of hemp and hemp derived products.



distribution of Outlandish
 a non-alcoholic beverage that contains hemp-derived CBD. While we believe our current operations
and the sale of Outlandish in Oregon
 a state that has legalized CBD for personal consumption
 comply with existing federal and
state laws relating to hemp and hemp-derived products
 we will have to quickly adapt our sales and operations to comply
with forthcoming and rapidly-shifting federal and state regulations. Local
 state
 federal
 and international laws and regulations
pertaining to CBD are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations
 which could require us to incur substantial costs
associated with compliance requirements. In addition
 violations or allegations of such violations of these laws
 including
an assertion by the FDA that it has jurisdiction over our intrastate CBD sales
 could disrupt our business
 result in fines
or discontinuance of our CBD products and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition
 it is possible that
regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our CBD business. It is also possible that the federal
government will change existing laws
 which may limit the legal uses of the hemp plant and its derivatives and extracts
 such
as cannabinoids. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws
 regulations
 interpretations
 or applications
 nor can we determine
what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures
 when and if promulgated
 could have
on our activities in the legal hemp industry.

If
we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth
will be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
 we may not realize anticipated benefits
 due to integration difficulties
or other operating issues.

A
component of our growth strategy may be the acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
through acquisitions of such brands or their corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive
distribution arrangements and/or other strategic relationships. For example
 in May 2017
 we acquired 90% (and the remaining 10%
in December 2018) of the ownership of BBD for its award-winning range of super-premium gins and whiskeys
 and we acquired MotherLode
in March 2017
 which provides contract canning
 bottling and packaging services for existing and emerging spirits producers
 some
of whom contract with us to blend or distill spirits. In early 2019
 we completed the acquisition of Craft Canning
 which significantly
adds to our contract canning
 bottling and packaging services. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully
execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth will be limited.

Also
even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands or related service businesses
 we may not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability levels that justify our investment in or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned benefits with
respect to those additional brands or services. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect
to integration and other operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the
value of our equity. These risks include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
difficulties
    in assimilating acquired operations or products
 including failure to anticipate synergies;

    
    
    

    
    
failure
    to realize or anticipate benefits or execute on our planned strategy for the acquired brand or business;

    
    
    

    
    
unanticipated
    costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations;



    
    




    
    
negative
    effects on reported results of operations from acquisition-related charges and amortization of acquired intangibles;

    
    
    

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses.


Our
ability to grow through the acquisition of additional brands will also be dependent upon acceptable acquisition targets and opportunities
and the availability of capital to complete the necessary acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions
through a combination of our available cash resources
 third-party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance
of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position and could
cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions could result in the recording
of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements
 the amortization or impairment of which would reduce
reported earnings in subsequent years.

Our
failure to protect our trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand
portfolio.

Our
business and prospects depend in part on our ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although
we apply for registration of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on
trade secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate.
Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our
use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this
proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain
non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop
or otherwise obtain access to our trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand
portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our sales and growth potential.

In
October 2017
 we were granted an exclusive license for the use of the Redneck Riviera brand for spirits-based products. The Redneck
Riviera trademark is owned by Rich Marks
 which is controlled by John Rich
 a &ldquo;multiple platinum&rdquo; country music singer
and songwriter who performs with the &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich&rdquo; band. Beginning in 2020
 we will be required to meet certain
levels of case sales
 and if such sale levels are not met
 Rich Marks will have the right to terminate the license.

A
failure of one or more of our key or service product information technology systems or: cyber-security breach or cyber-related
fraud could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We
rely on information technology (IT) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities
and tools
 hardware (including laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are
managed
 hosted
 provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business.

Increased
IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and
services
 as well as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers
we rely upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to
any number of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans
do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and
reputational
 competitive and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition.
In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial
and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
customers
 suppliers or consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other
resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.


    
    


Our
failure to attract or retain key executive or employee talent
 or changes in our talent
 could adversely affect our business.

Our
success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee
base
 as well as our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. If we or one of our executive officers or significant
employees terminates her or his employment
 we may not be able to replace their expertise
 fully integrate new personnel or replicate
the prior working relationships
 and the loss of their services might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives. Qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience in our industry that we require are in high demand
and we may incur significant costs to attract them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on the life
of any executive or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected loss of
experienced employees could have an adverse impact our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption
and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures. For instance
our Board of Directors could make changes in our executive leadership
 which may disrupt our business while the new leadership
becomes more familiar with our business and strategy and establishes relationships with employees
 customer
 suppliers and other
business partners.

If
we fail to manage growth effectively or prepare for product scalability
 it could have an adverse effect on our employee efficiency
product quality
 working capital levels and results of operations.

Any
significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base
for managerial
 operational
 financial
 and other purposes. During any period of growth
 we may face problems related to our operational
and financial systems and controls
 including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue
to expand
 train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the
members of management to identify
 recruit
 maintain
 integrate
 and motivate new employees. Aside from increased difficulties
in the management of human resources
 we may also encounter working capital issues
 as we will need increased liquidity to finance
the marketing of the products we sell
 and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management
 we will be required
to continue improving our operations
 management
 and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively
may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors
that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and
potential customers.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors
 including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
product innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure
 dining and beverage consumption patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
any or all of which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences
toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages or other products. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities
to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations.

A
limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety
of factors
 including:



    
    
a
    general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
changing
    consumer preferences
 including to other beverage products or alternatives to alcoholic beverages

    
    
    

    
    
concern
    about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol products and about drinking and driving;



    
    




    
    
a
    general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premises establishments
 such as may result from smoking
    bans and stricter laws relating to driving while under the influence of alcohol;

    
    
    

    
    
consumer
    dietary preferences favoring lighter
 lower calorie beverages such as diet soft drinks
 sports drinks and water products;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    federal
 state
 provincial and foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage
    alcohol advertising and marketing;

    
    
    

    
    
increased
    regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products or increasing prices due to the
    imposition of duties or excise tax;

    
    
    

    
    
inflation;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
wars
    pandemics
 weather and natural or man-made disasters.


In
addition
 our continued success depends
 in part
 on our ability to develop new products to meet consumer needs and anticipate
changes in consumer preferences. The launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain
 especially with regard
to their appeal to consumers. The launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs
 and an unsuccessful launch
 among
other things
 can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. Unsuccessful implementation or short-lived
popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs and other costs.

In
addition
 the legalization of marijuana in any of the jurisdictions in which we sell our products may result in a reduction in
sales. Studies have shown that sales of alcohol may decrease in jurisdictions where marijuana has been legalized (e.g. California
Colorado
 Washington and Oregon). As a result
 marijuana sales may adversely affect our sales and profitability.

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer
preferences. The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies.
Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and have substantially greater financial
 sales
marketing and other resources than we do
 as well as larger installed customer bases
 greater name recognition and broader product
offerings. Some of these competitors can devote greater resources to the development
 promotion
 sale and support of their products.
As a result
 it is possible that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or
effectively or resort to price competition to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Class
actions or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Our
industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage
alcohol has caused death or serious health problems or related to the labelling of our products. It is also possible that governments
could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government-funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions
of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
could be named in litigation of this type.

Also
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing
and promotions violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment
of the family funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar
lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend
against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our
business could be harmed significantly.


    
    


Regulatory
decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our
margins.

Our
business is subject to extensive government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various
permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to
our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over
alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences
from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or
other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations
and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our
licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we
could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products
and reduce our sales and profit potential.

Also
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world.
An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through
the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol. Although
we expect a significantly positive impact on our operating results from the enactment of the Craft Modernization and Tax Reform
Act of 2017
 which was part of the 2017 federal tax legislation that went into effect on January 1
 2018
 resulting from the lowering
of the federal excise tax on spirits for the first 100
000 proof gallons per year from $13.50 to $2.70 per gallon
 there can be
no assurance this revised tax rate will remain in effect after the initial two-year period.

We
could face product liability or other related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation. In addition
our insurance coverage might not be adequate.

Although
we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these
measures may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit product liability or other related liabilities. Our product
liability insurance coverage is limited to $2 million per occurrence and $5 million in the aggregate and our general liability
umbrella policy is capped at $2 million
 which may be insufficient. Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage
we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party
and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be
costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation or business.

Contamination
of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer
support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.

The
success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally
or through deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect
the demand for our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products
or defects in the distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury
to
 consumers of our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent
that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers
of our brands could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing
our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.


    
    


Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products.

Anti-alcohol
groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations
designed to discourage alcohol consumption. In addition
 recent developments in the industry may compel us to identify the source
and location of our distillate products and notify the consumer of whether the product was distilled by us. More restrictive regulations
negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety
of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like
 or
at all
 and sales of large blocks of shares may depress the price of our common stock.

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or &ldquo;thinly-traded
&rdquo; meaning that the number of persons interested
in purchasing shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence
there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent
 as
compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to
sell their common stock at or above their purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses. Also
 as a consequence of this
lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the
price of shares of our common stock in either direction. The price of shares of our common stock could
 for example
 decline precipitously
in the event a large number of shares of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to
a seasoned issuer that could better absorb such sales without adverse impact on its share price.

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock.

In
August 2017
 our shares of common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market
 such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement
Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common
stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting
we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing requirements
 but we can provide no assurance
that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again
 stabilize the market price or improve the
liquidity of our common stock
 prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent
future non-compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing requirements.

While
our warrants are outstanding
 it may be more difficult to raise additional equity capital.

We
currently have non-trading
 privately-issued common stock warrants to purchase 1
083
435 shares of common stock. During the term
that our Private Warrants are outstanding
 the holders of such warrants will be given the opportunity to profit from a rise in
the market price of our common stock. We may find it more difficult to raise additional equity capital while the Public Warrants
and/or Private Warrants are outstanding. As of December 2018
 there are no remaining publicly-traded warrants outstanding.

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital and adversely impact our ability to
continue operations.

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction
in our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and
our operations. Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect
on our business plans and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our
common stock price declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from
operations sufficient to meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able
to have the resources to continue our normal operations.


    
    


We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

For
the foreseeable future
 it is anticipated that earnings
 if any
 that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance
our operations and that cash dividends will not be paid to holders of common stock.

Our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer owns a significant number of shares of our outstanding common stock
 and as long as he does
he may be able to control the outcome of stockholder voting.

Grover
T. Wickersham
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 is the beneficial owner of approximately 5.5% of the outstanding shares
of our common stock as of March 28
 2019
 including shares he owns as the indirect beneficial owner (but for which he disclaims
beneficial ownership)
 and excluding shares he (or the entities for which he is deemed to be the beneficial owner) has the right
to acquire upon exercise of warrants and options that may be exercised in the future. Accordingly
 as a result of his direct and
indirect beneficial ownership
 he may be able to exercise substantial control and directly influence our affairs and business
including any determination with respect to a change in control
 future issuances of common stock or other securities
 declaration
of dividends on the common stock and the election of directors. Were all of the options and warrants exercised for which Mr. Wickersham
is deemed to own
 whether directly and indirectly
 his influence over matters that are subject to a stockholder vote would further
increase.

We
have the ability to issue additional shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
which could cause your investment to be diluted.

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 15
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 100
000
000
shares of preferred stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or
options to purchase shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any
additional issuances of our common stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of
diluting your investment
 and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

By
issuing preferred stock
 we may be able to delay
 defer
 or prevent a change of control.

Our
Articles of Incorporation permits us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100
000
000 shares of preferred
stock. Our Board of Directors may determine the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
the shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is
possible that our Board of Directors
 in determining the rights
 preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock
is issued
 may include provisions that have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control
 discouraging
bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price
 or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and
other rights of the holders of our common stock.

We
face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley&rdquo;)
 as well as related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 require compliance with certain corporate governance practices and financial reporting
standards for public companies. These laws
 rules and regulations
 including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 relating to internal control over financial reporting (&ldquo;SOX 404&rdquo;)
 has materially increased our legal
and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Although we currently believe
our internal control over financial reporting is effective
 the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject
to the risk that our controls may become inadequate or may not operate effectively. Any failure to comply with the requirements
of SOX 404
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
 or difficulties
encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result
in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of the periodic
management evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a failure to remediate any material weaknesses that we may
identify
 would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting that are required under SOX 404. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock and we could
be subject to regulatory sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which would require additional
financial and management resources.

Substantial
sales of our stock may impact the market price of our common stock.

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock
or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced
and the price of our common stock may fall.

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS




    
    


Item
2. PROPERTIES

Our
executive offices are located at 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. We lease these premises under a lease
agreement which started on November 1
 2017 and ends on June 30
 2020.

Our
primary production facility is located at 2150 Hanna Harvester Road
 Milwaukie
 Oregon and comprises approximately 30
000 square
feet. We lease these premises under a lease agreement which ends on October 31
 2021
 with an option to renew through 2026. Our
Big Bottom production facility is located at 21420-D NW Nicholas Court Hillsboro
 Oregon 97214 and comprises 6
040 square feet.
We lease this premise under a lease agreement which ends on June 30
 2020.

We
also lease retail space for our tasting rooms in the Portland
 Oregon area. We lease a 683 square foot retail store in Clackamas
Town Center
 under a two-year lease expiring March 31
 Avenue
 Portland
Oregon 97214
 expiring on March 31
 2021. We lease an 885 square foot retail store in Washington Square Mall
 under a two-year
lease expiring March 31
 2020. We lease a 1
633 square foot retail store at the Woodburn Outlet Mall
 under a lease that expires
May 31
 Avenue
 Portland
 Oregon 97210
 expiring on December 31
 2023.
During the holiday season (November and December) we generally will open additional
 temporary locations. We intend to maintain
these retail stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail sales. Some of these stores will contain
in-store tastings
 which we believe will lead to additional product purchases.

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings; however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from
time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation is time consuming and expensive to
resolve
 and it diverts management resources.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (&ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;) under the symbol &ldquo;EAST.&rdquo; Limited trading of
our common stock has occurred during the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available. The
following table sets forth the high and low closing prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as reported

reported during part of 2017
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and
may not be reflective of actual transactions.

We
consider our stock to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo; and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of
) set forth below may reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions.



2017

 2017
    
    

First
    quarter*
    
    

Second
    quarter*
    
    

Third
    quarter*
    
    

Fourth
    quarter
    
    




2018
    (Nasdaq)
    
    

First
    quarter
    
    

Second
    quarter
    
    

Third
    quarter
    
    

Fourth
    quarter
    
    




Our
shares of common stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Transfer
Online
 Inc. 512 SE Salmon Street
 Portland
 OR 97214 (Telephone: (503) 227-2950.

As
of March 28
 2019
 there were 9
102
297 shares of our common stock outstanding
 which were held by approximately 102 record stockholders.
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares
of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.


    
    


Dividend
Policy

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception
 and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable
future.

The
previous Series A convertible preferred stock accrued dividends at a rate of 8% per annum
 cumulative. All remaining preferred
shares were converted in the first quarter of 2017
 and no dividends are due.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
following lists set forth information regarding all securities sold or granted by us within the past year that were not
registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 and the consideration
 if any
 received
by us for such securities:



    
    
In
    January 2018
 the Company issued 11
525 shares to two third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares
    were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 at $3.99 per share.

    
    
    

    
    
In
                                         July 2018
 the Company issued 167
273 shares of common stock upon conversion of outstanding
                                         promissory notes and accrued interest with an aggregate principal amount converted of
                                         $1
003
638. We did not receive any cash proceeds from these issuances
        

    
    
    

    
    
In
                                         August 2018
 the Company issued 20
000 shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants
                                         at an exercise price of $3.50 per share. We received cash proceeds of $70
000
                                         from the exercise.


    
    
    

    
    
In
                                         August 2018
 the Company issued 42
000 shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants
                                         at an exercise price of $3.50 per share in exchange for $147
000 in outstanding accounts
                                         payable owed. We did not receive any cash proceeds from the exercise.


    
    
    

    
    
In
                                         October 2018
 the Company issued 10
000 shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants
                                         at an exercise price of $3.50 per share. We received cash proceeds of $35
000
                                         from the exercise.


    
    
    

    
    
In
    December 2018
 the Company issued 5
000 shares of common stock upon exercise of warrants at an exercise price of $3.85 per
    share in exchange for $19
250 in outstanding accounts payable owed. The Registrant did not receive any cash proceeds from
    the exercise.

    
    
    

    
    
In
                                         December 2018
 the Company issued 3
122 shares of common stock in exchange for the purchase
                                         of the remaining 10% interest in Big Bottom Distilling (BBD). Upon closing
 the Company
                                         acquired 100% of BBD.
        

    
    
In
    December 2018
 the Company issued warrants to purchase 10
000 common shares at an exercise price of $6.30 per share to a consultant.
    

    
    
    

    
    
From
                                         March through July of 2018
 the Company completed a private offering of promissory
                                         notes and accompanying warrants in which it raised $5
000
000 in gross proceeds. The
                                         promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the
                                         month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and
                                         payable on May 1
 2021.



None
of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions
 general solicitation or any public
offering
 and the Registrant believes each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
 as
stated above. The Registrant believes that the Section 4(a)(2) exemption applies to the transactions described above because such
transactions were predicated on the fact that the issuances were made only to investors who (i) confirmed to the Registrant in
writing that they are accredited investors
 or if not accredited
 have such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment; and (ii) either received adequate business
and financial information about the Registrant or had access
 through their relationships with the Registrant
 to such information.
Furthermore
 the Registrant affixed appropriate legends to the share certificates and instruments issued in each foregoing transaction
setting forth that the securities had not been registered and the applicable restrictions on transfer.

Repurchase
of Securities

On
September 25
 2018
 the Company exercised its option to redeem its warrants to purchase common stock
 which were originally sold
in our public offering in 2017. Pursuant to the terms of the warrants
 holders had the option to either exercise the warrants
prior to September 25
 2018 or have them redeemed at a price of $0.15. Approximately 98% of the warrants were exercised by the
holders as described above. Upon the expiration date
 we redeemed the remaining 34
022 warrants that went unexercised.

Item
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

In
this Form 10-K and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that
are prefaced with the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 are intended
to identify forward-looking statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&rsquo;s
future plans of operations
 business strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. Examples include those statements
set forth above under &ldquo;Item 1. Business - Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo; These statements
are based on the Company&rsquo;s current expectations and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the
Company can give no assurance. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking
statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors set forth above and the other information set
forth in this Form 10-K.



We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike many distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners
subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States in early 2018
 primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;). During 2018
 its
first year on the market
 RRW generated strong commercial progress and results
 and we have focused our sales efforts outside
of Oregon on RRW. We believe RRW will be a key growth engine in 2019 and will also provide a &ldquo;coattail&rdquo; effect for
our other brands
 helping them to achieve improved national recognition and success.

Operating
as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek to utilize our small
size to our advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
 our team can leverage
its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate more of our attention
and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the light-whiskey segment
is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went
from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative
in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low
sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique
taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey
 and most recently our Portland Mule drink
(our first ready-to-drink (RTD) cocktail in a single serving can).


    
    


As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium
gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In December of 2018
 we acquired the remaining
10% of BBD. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired
in March 2017
 and Craft Canning LLC (&ldquo;Craft Canning&rdquo;)
 acquired on January 11
 2019
 we also provide contract bottling
canning
 and packaging services for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers. We intend to use our canning equipment
at MotherLode and Craft Canning
 to profit from the rapid growth in canned beverages (Beer
 Wine
 Spirit-based RTD&rsquo;s and
Cannabidiol (&ldquo;CBD&rdquo;). We believe our significant capacity expansion (and regional reputation) due to the more recent
acquisition of Craft Canning
 is a competitive advantage.

Recent
Developments

Introduction
of new Redneck Riviera Whiskey &ldquo;Granny Rich Reserve&rdquo;. 
 2019
 we announced the introduction
of its newest product under the Redneck Riviera trademark - Redneck Riviera Whiskey &ldquo;Granny Rich Reserve&rdquo;. Representing
the first line extension with the Redneck Riviera Brand
 Granny Rich Reserve is a premium priced blend of traditional corn whiskey
aged three years or more
 blended with American single malt aged at least four years.

RNDC
Expands Distribution of Redneck Riviera Whiskey. 
 2019
 we announced Republic National Distributing Company
(&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;) would distribute Eastside&rsquo;s Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;) in Ohio



Introduction
of new Portland Mule Ready-to-Drink (RTD) Cocktail. 
 2019
 we announced its landmark entry into the fast
growing Ready-to-Drink (RTD) market with the introduction of the Portland Mule Ready-to-Drink Cocktail. Portland Mule will come
in a 250ml
 or 8.4 oz can
 designed by the award-winning design team at Sandstrom Partners
 and will have a 10.5% alcohol by volume.

Acquisition
of Craft Canning &amp; Bottling &ndash; creates significant increase in canning operations.
 2019
 we announced
the acquisition of Portland-based Craft Canning + Bottling (&ldquo;Craft&rdquo; or &ldquo;CC+B&rdquo;) a leading provider of mobile
canning and bottling services in Oregon
 Washington and Colorado. Craft Canning + Bottling will combine operations with Eastside&rsquo;s
Mother Lode co-packing subsidiary
 positioning the combined business unit to be a preeminent local provider to the fast-growing
wine and Ready-to-Drink (RTD) cocktail segments.

Available
Information

Our
executive offices are located at 1001 SE Water Ave
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is
not part of this annual report.


    
    


Results
of Operations



The
Company made progress in fiscal year 2018 toward its overall long-term goals and objectives. New product launches accelerated
revenue growth over 2017
 increased production capacity
 and strong improvements in our balance sheet strength were the most notable
accomplishments during 2018. Other important achievements during 2018 included:



    
    
Significant
    Distributor and Geographic Expansion
    enthusiasm by key distributors and customers throughout the year. That in turn allowed us to establish relationships with
    nine top-tier distributors around the country
 introduce the product into 39 states and win a number of major corporate chain
    retailers (such as Albertsons
 Walmart
 and others). These achievements exceeded our original 2018 launch plan and have provided
    us with an improved distribution network and infrastructure. 

    
    
    

    
    
Production
    Facilities Expansion. 
 which included adding square
    footage as well as additional equipment. This expansion positions us to execute on our 2019 growth objectives.

    
    
    

    
    
Canning
    Line
    as provide canning services to other producers. In January 2019
 we launched our first branded canned product
 the &ldquo;Portland
    Mule&rdquo; and we have begun to experience an increase in canning requests from outside producers. We further enhanced our
    co-packing (private label) activities with the recent acquisition of Craft Canning
 which substantially increases our canning
    capabilities
 and we expect will contribute to a notable increase in this business activity for 2019.

    
    
    

    
    
Product
    Development Platform
    and distilling team
 marketing and branding with Sandstrom Partners
 and additions to our production capabilities to enable
    us to accelerate our new product development activities.


We
believe we have built a strong foundation and are well positioned to continue our expansion efforts and drive further successes
for shareholders. While we have become the third largest spirits company in Oregon
 there remains substantial opportunities and
we expect Oregon
 our largest market
 to continue to grow at a strong pace. In addition
 as we continue to work closely with major
distributors and focus on our new Redneck Riviera product
 we expect both our national and international sales efforts to increase
at a rapid pace and become a larger percentage of our overall business. We also expect our new canning abilities to further add
to our growth in 2019.

Year
Ended December 31
 2018 Compared to the Year Ended December 31
 2017

Our
sales for the year ended December 31
 2018 increased to $7
204
302
 or approximately 90%
 from $3
791
382 for the year ended December
31
 2017.



    
    
    
    
    

    
4
354
351
    
1
947
431
    

Private
    Label (Co-packing)
1
636
183
    
324
525
    

Retail
    / Special Events
1
213
768
    
1
519
426
    

    
7
204
302
    
3
791
382
    



sales and co-packing primarily contributed to our overall 2018 sales increase. Wholesale sales benefited from the rapid launch
of the new Redneck Riviera Whiskey product as well as continued strong sales traction within the Pacific Northwest. Our private
label business experienced increased activity from our new canning capabilities
 and also benefited from our periodic bulk spirit
sales during the year. Lastly
 our retail operations experienced a decline due to a reduction in event activities and relocation
of a store.


    
    


Excise
taxes
 customer programs and incentives for the year ended December 31
 2018 decreased to $1
080
792
 or approximately 8%
 from
$1
180
386 for the comparable 2017 period. The decrease is attributable to the lower federal excise tax rate implemented during
the year
 which was offset by higher customer programs and incentives due to our increased distribution.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 cost of sales increased to $3
813
309
 or approximately 133%
 from $1
634
069 for the year ended
December 31
 2017. Cost of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor
and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and inbound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost
of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs. Gross margin is gross profits stated as a percentage of net sales. The increase
is primarily attributable to the costs associated with our increased liquor sales in the year. The cost of sales we reported in
both 2018 and 2017
 are based on small production lots. Our objective is to achieve economies of scale as we continue to scale
our operations and therefore drive improvement in our per unit cost of sales.

Gross
profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of products sold from net sales.

The
following table compares our gross profit (in thousands of dollars) and gross margin in the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017:



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

Gross
    profit
2
310
    

Gross
    margin
    
    


Our
gross margin of 38% of net sales in the year ended December 31
 2018 increased from our gross margin of 37% for the year ended
December 31
 2017 primarily due to the lower federal excise tax rate
 which was offset by certain low margin private-label
transactions
 an increase in our production facilities (resulting in lower relative utilization rates) and higher raw material
costs experienced during the year (especially in the fourth quarter of 2018).

Advertising
promotional and selling expenses for the year ended December 31
 2018 increased to $4
345
210 or approximately 96% from $2
219
168
for the year ended December 31
 2017. This increase is primarily due to our efforts to expand our product sales nationally.

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2018 increased to $6
225
998
 or approximately 76%
 from $3
546
659
for the year ended December 31
 2017. This increase is primarily due to added headcount and other expenses to support our planned
expansion along with higher non-cash expenses (such as stock-based comp and depreciation and amortization costs).

Other
expense
 net was $786
662 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to $448
042 for the year ended December 31
 2017
an increase of 76%. This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest expense. During the year ended December 31
 2017
the Company expensed an impairment of $25
000 of the intangible assets and $193
374 of the goodwill initially recorded in the
second quarter 2017 acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC.

Net
loss available to common shareholders during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $9
047
669 as compared to a loss of $5
277
316
for the year ended December 31
 2017. Our net loss was primarily attributable to our increased advertising
 promotional and selling
expenses relating to increased national sales distribution expenses
 increased legal and accounting
 and an increase in stock-related
compensation as well as higher depreciation and amortization costs.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Year
Ended December 31
 2018

Our
primary capital requirements are for the financing of inventories
 and cash used in operating activities
 particularly our increased
selling
 marketing and promotional activities to grow our key brands. Funds for such purposes have historically not been generated
from operations but rather from short-term credit in the form of extended payment terms from suppliers
 long-term debt and equity
financings.

For
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 we incurred net losses of approximately $9 million and $5.3 million respectively
and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $27.1 million as of December 31
 2018. We have been dependent on raising capital
from debt and equity financings to meet our needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
2018
 we raised approximately $23.3 million from cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flows used in operating activities.


We have a $3
000
000 credit facility under a Credit and Security Agreement secured by all of our bulk whiskey
bourbon and rye inventory held in third-party storage facilities (&ldquo;Specified Inventory&rdquo;)
 This secured credit facility
allows us to borrow 80% of the value of the Specified Inventory we are able to purchase with this line. We must maintain a current
market value of Specified Inventory of at least 120% of the loan balance. At December 31
 2018
 we had less than $100
000 available
under the secured credit facility.

At
December 31
 2018
 we had approximately $10.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $21.1 million. While
the Company has successfully raised equity and debt funding in the recent past
 management is also heavily focused on meeting
the ongoing operating cash needs by generating improved operating cash flow
 primarily through rapidly increased sales
 improved
profit margins and controlling expenses. We believe the recent addition of Craft Canning (in January 2019) will further help
achieve this key objective.

The
Company&rsquo;s cash flow related information for the years 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
    
    

Net
    cash flows provided by (used in):
    
    

Operating
    activities
(13
918
429

(7
011
741

Investing
    activities
(1
296
410
(652
936

Financing
    activities
23
271
401
9
162
926


Operating
Activities

In
2018
 the net loss plus non-cash adjustments resulted in cash used of approximately $6.4 million compared to using $3.6 million
in 2017. Total operating cash used was $13.9 million compared to $7.0 million in 2017. The increase in cash usage can be primarily
attributed to a $7.0 million inventory build
 a $0.7 million accounts receivable build and a $0.2 million increase in accrued
liabilities partially offset by a $0.7 million increase in accounts payable.

In
2017
 the inventory build was $3.0 million
 prepaid expenses increased $0.6 million and accrued liabilities decreased $0.6
million which was partially offset by a $0.8 million increase in accounts payable.

Investing
Activities

Cash
used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of property and equipment. We incurred capital expenditures of $1.3
million and $657
477 in 2018 and 2017 respectively. The increase in cash usage can largely be attributed to further buildout and
equipment additions to our primary production facility in Milwaukie
 Oregon.

Financing
Activities

During
2018
 operating losses and working capital needs were primarily funded by $8.7 million in proceeds from the sale of common stock
$3.6 million in proceeds from the issuance of notes
 $2.9 million net proceeds from the secured credit facility and warrant exercises
of $8 million
 partially offset by principal payments on notes of $0.5 million.


    
    


Common
Stock Financings

In
November 2018
 we completed an underwritten public offering of 1
235
000 shares of our common stock at a public offering
price of $6.50 per share. The gross proceeds to us from this offering were $8.03 million
 before deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On December 19
 2018
 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase
an additional 185
250 shares to cover over-allotments
 which resulted in additional gross proceeds to us of $1
184
625 before
deducting offering expenses.

Public
and Private Warrant Exercises

During
2018
 we issued 1
345
978 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for cash proceeds
of $7
268
281
 and 500
000 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants in exchange for
a reduction in outstanding note principal of $2
700
000. These warrants were part of our publicly-traded warrants. In addition
we issued 120
000 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of underwriter warrants. The warrants
were a part of a unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock warrant exercisable at $5.40 per share for
additional gross proceeds of $648
000. As of year-end
 there were no remaining publicly-traded warrants outstanding.

During
2018
 we issued 110
334 shares of common stock at an average price of $5.32 per share in connection with the exercise of certain
private warrants outstanding for cash proceeds of $587
004.

Promissory
Notes

During
2018
 we completed a private offering of promissory notes and accompanying warrants in which we raised $5
000
000 in gross
proceeds. The promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount
of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. For every $100
000 in principal
 we issued
to the investor 10
000 common stock purchase warrants
 for a total of 500
000 warrants. The warrants
 which are identical to the
warrants that were issued our public offering that was consummated in August 2017
 are exercisable through August 10
 2022
unless earlier redeemed
 at an exercise price of $5.40
 subject to adjustment for stock splits
 reverse splits and other similar
recapitalization events. As discussed above
 during the third quarter of 2018
 all of these warrants were exercised in
exchange for a reduction of $2
700
000 in the principal note amount.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
discussion and analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial
statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with United States. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and
analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future.
The more judgmental estimates are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be
substantially accurate.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying

Contracts with Customers
(3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5)
recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&ldquo;OLCC&rdquo;)
 the
Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers
are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title
passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation
privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales
tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail
location are recognized at the time of sale.

Sales
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50

Recognition- Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302
and $182
975 in 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.


    
    


Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses for the sales team
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional
activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense
was $ 4
345
210 and $2
219
168 in 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from Eastside&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost
of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017.




that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
2018
 two distributors represented 37% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two distributors represented
79% of trade receivables. Sales to two distributors accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the year
ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by the OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. Eastside regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand
and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product
demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&ldquo;TTB&rdquo;) regulations which
includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. Eastside is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual
states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon
units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $654
490 and $997
410 in 2018
and 2017
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees in accordance with the fair value recognition
provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718
. The compensation cost is
measured based on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based
awards
 which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes
valuation model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including
expected stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in 2018 and 2017
respectively.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources.

Item
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2018
and 2017
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.

Houston
TX

March
28
 2019



    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
December
31
 2018 and 2017



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    

    
10
642
877
2
586
315

Trade
    receivables
1
064
078
315
321

    
11
017
459
4
051
282

Prepaid
    expenses and current assets
765
146
649
749

Total
    current assets
23
489
560
7
602
667

Property
    and equipment
 net
1
758
130
728
506

Intangible
    assets
 net
285
676
325
668

    
28
182
28
182

Other
    assets
796
260
343
942

Total
    Assets
26
357
808
9
028
965

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    payable
1
984
690
1
267
189

Accrued
    liabilities
386
166
156
163

Deferred
    revenue
1
728
1
579

Current
    portion of notes payable
    
293
726

Total
    current liabilities
2
372
584
1
718
657

Secured
    trade credit facility
 net of debt issuance costs
2
934
106
    

Notes
    payable - less current portion and debt discount
2
300
000
2
161
760

Total
    liabilities
7
606
690
3
880
417

    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies (Note 12)
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    

Series
    A convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December
    31
 2018 and 2017
    
    

Common
    stock
 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 8
764
085 and 4
889
745 shares issued and outstanding at December
    31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
    
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
45
888
872
23
223
435

Accumulated
    deficit
(27
138
630
(18
090
961

Total
    Eastside Distilling
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
18
751
118
5
132
963

Noncontrolling
    interests
    
15
585

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
18
751
118
5
148
548

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
26
357
808
9
028
965


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
Years
ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
    
    

    
7
204
302
3
791
382

Less
    excise taxes
 customer programs and incentives
1
080
792
1
180
386

Net
    sales
6
123
510
2
610
996

Cost
    of sales
3
813
309
1
634
069

Gross
    profit
2
310
201
976
927

Operating
    expenses:
    
    

Advertising
    promotional and selling expenses
4
345
210
2
219
168

General
    and administrative expenses
6
225
998
3
546
659

Loss
    on disposal of property and equipment
    
40
975

Total
    operating expenses
10
571
208
5
806
802

Loss
    from operations
(8
261
007
(4
829
875

Other
    income (expense)
 net
    
    

Interest
    expense
(789
362
(235
053

Other
    income (expense)
2
700
(212
989

Total
    other expense
 net
(786
662
(448
042

Loss
    before income taxes
(9
047
669
(5
277
917

Provision
    for income taxes
    
    

Net
    loss
(9
047
669
(5
277
917

    
    
    

Income
    (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. common shareholders
(9
047
669
(5
277
316

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
6
074
489
3
717
956


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholder&rsquo;s (Deficit) Equity
Years
ended December 31
 2018 and 2017




    
Convertible
    Series A Preferred Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
Non-controlling
    interest in consolidated
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2016
    
245
838
2
542
504
    
13
699
785
(12
813
044
1
132
833
    
1
132
833

Issuance of common
    stock
    
    
15
001
    
58
498
    
58
500
    
58
500

Issuance of common
    stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
    
    
1
780
019
    
6
669
401
    
6
669
578
    
6
669
578

Issuance of common
    stock from warrant exercise for cash
    
    
40
834
    
159
246
    
159
250
    
159
250

Issuance of common
    stock for services by third parties
    
    
107
340
    
479
903
    
479
914
    
479
914

Issuance of common
    stock for services by employees
    
    
59
538
    
253
649
    
253
655
    
253
655

    
    
    
9
260
    
50
000
    
50
001
    
50
001

    
    
    
    
    
563
356
    
563
356
    
563
356

Issuance of common
    stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
    
    
86
667
    
371
411
    
371
420
    
371
420

Issuance of common
    stock for 90% acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 net of issuance costs of $14
400
    
    
28
096
    
120
455
    
120
458
14
984
135
442

Shares issued for
    payoff of long-term notes
    
    
120
154
    
561
866
    
561
878
    
561
878

Cumulative dividend
    on Series A preferred
    
5
037
    
    
    
    
5
037
    
5
037

Common shares issued
    for preferred conversion
    
(250
875
100
001
    
235
865
    
(15
000
    
(15
000

Adjustment of shares
    for reverse stock-split
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net profit attributable
    to noncontrolling interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
(5
277
917
(5
277
917
    
(5
277
917

Balance
 December
    31
 2017
    
    
4
889
745
    
23
223
435
(18
090
961
5
132
963
15
585
5
148
548

Issuance of common
    stock
 net of expenses.
    
    
1
480
250
    
8
678
975
    
8
679
123
    
8
679
123

Issuance of common
    stock from warrant exercise for cash
 net of expenses
    
    
1
521
312
    
8
004
029
    
8
004
181
    
8
004
181

Issuance of common
    stock for services by third parties
    
    
81
708
    
412
823
    
412
831
    
412
831

Issuance of common
    stock for services by employees
    
    
79
734
    
712
461
    
712
469
    
712
469

Issuance of common
    stock in exchange of debt
    
    
672
273
    
3
722
821
    
3
722
888
    
3
722
888

Issuance of common
    stock for purchase of remaining 10% of Big Bottom LLC
    
    
3
122
    
19
294
    
19
294
    
19
294


 Inc
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(15
585
(15
585

Issuance of detachable
    warrants on notes payable
    
    
    
    
351
548
    
351
548
    
351
548

    
    
    
35
941
    
105
940
    
105
944
    
105
944

    
    
    
    
    
863
262
    
863
262
    
863
262

Net issuance to settle
    RSUs
    
    
    
    
(205
716
    
(205
716
    
(205
716

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    
    
    
(9
047
669
(9
047
669
    
(9
047
669

Balance
    December 31
 2018
    
    
8
764
085
    
45
888
872
(27
138
630
18
751
118
    
18
751
118



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
Years
ended December 31
 2018 and 2017




    
    
    

Cash
    Flows From Operating Activities:
    
    

Net
    loss
(9
047
669
(5
277
917

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash&nbsp;used in operating activities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
364
813
92
016

Loss
    on disposal of property and equipment
    
40
975

Amortization
    of debt issuance costs
392
230
92
156

Impairment
    of goodwill and intangible assets
    
218
374


    exchange for services for related parties
712
469
    

Issuance
    of common stock in exchange for services for 3
412
831
642
309

Stock-based
    compensation
657
546
563
356

    
    
    

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

Trade
    receivables
(748
757
35
858

    
(6
966
177
(3
037
835

Prepaid
    expenses and other assets
(625
750
(612
977

Accounts
    payable
721
209
804
976

Accrued
    liabilities
208
677
(572
485

Deferred
    revenue
    
    

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(13
918
429
(7
011
741

Cash
    Flows From Investing Activities:
    
    

Cash
    acquired in acquisition
    
4
541

Purchases
    of property and equipment
(1
296
410
(657
477

Net
    cash used in investing activities
(1
296
410
(652
936

Cash
    Flows From Financing Activities:
    
    

Stock
    issuance cost related to acquisitions
    
(19
980

Stock
    issuance cost related to common shares issued for preferred conversion
    
(9
361

Proceeds
    from common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively
 with detachable warrants
    
6
728
079

Proceeds
    from common stock
 net of issuance costs
8
679
123
    

Proceeds
    from option exercise
105
944
    

Proceeds
    from warrant exercise
8
004
181
159
250

Payments
    on conversion of note payable
    
(90
000

Payments
    of principal on notes payable
(514
867
(106
902

Proceeds
    from  notes payable
 net of issuance costs
3
630
000
2
501
840

Proceeds
    from notes payable
 warrants issued
447
020
    

Proceeds
    from secured credit facility
 net of issuance costs of $80
000
2
920
000
    

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
23
271
401
9
162
926

Net
    increase in cash
8
056
562
1
498
249

Cash
    - beginning of year
2
586
315
1
088
066

Cash
    - end of year
10
642
877
2
586
315

    
    
    

Supplemental
    Disclosure of Cash Flow Information
    
    

Cash
    paid during the year for interest
293
342
103
293

    
    
    

Supplemental
    Disclosure of Non-Cash Financing Activity
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock for the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC
    
377
000


    of remaining non-controlling interest in Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
15
585
134
858

Common
    stock issued in exchange of notes payable
3
722
888
558
137

Issuance
    of debt discount
351
548
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
Description
    of Business


We
are an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike many distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners
subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&ldquo;RRW&rdquo;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
of the duo &ldquo;Big &amp; Rich.&rdquo; Supported by John Rich&rsquo;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern
and Gulf States in early 2018 primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&ldquo;RNDC&rdquo;). During 2018
 its
first year on the market
 RRW generated strong commercial progress and results
 and we have focused our sales efforts outside
of Oregon on RRW. We believe RRW will be a key growth engine in 2019 and will also provide a &ldquo;coattail&rdquo; effect for
our other brands
 helping them to achieve improved national recognition and success.

Operating as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
we seek to utilize our small size to our advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
our team can leverage its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate
more of our attention and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the
light-whiskey segment is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
a product that went from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months.
We are innovative in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold brew
coffee and low sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better
value than comparable spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits
that offer a unique taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey
 and most recently our
Portland Mule drink (our first ready-to-drink (RTD) cocktail in a single serving can).

As
a Nasdaq-traded company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions.
In May 2017
 we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium
gins and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&rsquo;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &ldquo;high end&rdquo; of the market. In December of 2018
 we acquired the remaining
10% of BBD. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired
in March 2017
 and now Craft Canning
 acquired in January 2019
 we also provide contract bottling
 canning
 and packaging services
for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers. We intend to use our canning equipment
 at MotherLode and Craft Canning
to profit from the rapid growth in canned beverages (Beer
 Wine
 Spirit-based RTD&rsquo;s and CBD). We believe our significant
capacity expansion (and regional reputation) due to the more recent acquisition of Craft Canning
 is a competitive advantage.

We
currently sell our products in 39 states as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting
room tours
 private parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the regulation and
oversight of the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB)
 as well as other
state agencies regulating the sale and distribution of alcohol products.



    
Liquidity
    


Historically
the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity financings. For
the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $9 million and $5.3 million
respectively year and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $27 million as of December 31
 2018. The Company has been dependent
on raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year
ended December 31
 2018
 the Company raised approximately $23.3 million in cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flow
used in operating activities.

At
December 31
 2018
 the Company has approximately $10.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $21.1 million.
The Company&rsquo;s ability to meet their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management believes that cash on hand will
be sufficient to meet their operating activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve months.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
Summary
    of Significant Accounting Policies


Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and wholly-owned
subsidiary BBD (majority owned beginning May 1
 2017 through December 2018 and wholly-owned as of December 2018). All intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&rsquo;s chief
operating decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&rsquo;s operating results
on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
revenue includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying

Contracts with Customers
(3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5)
recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a
consignment sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&ldquo;OLCC&rdquo;)
 the
Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers
are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title
passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation
privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales
tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail
location are recognized at the time of sale.

Revenue
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs and Incentives

Customer
programs and incentives
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common
practice in the alcohol beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales
of products and to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded
as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue
Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302
and $182
975 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Advertising
Promotional and Selling Expenses

The
following expenses are included in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations: media advertising costs
 special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit
expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.
Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $ 4
345
210
and $2
219
168 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing
rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging
and production costs.

Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight
costs incurred related to shipment of merchandise from the Company&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in
cost of sales.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase.
The Company had no cash equivalents at December 31
 2018 and 2017.





the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2018
 two customers
represented 34% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. Sales to
one and two distributors accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the years ended December 31
2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities at fair
value under the &ldquo;fair value option&rdquo; provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP&rsquo;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using cash or unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
    assets or liabilities.

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable
    asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities
    in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management&rsquo;s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2018 and 2017. However
 GAAP requires
the disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments
consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The
estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to
the short period of time to their maturities. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s note payable
 convertible notes
payable and secured credit facility balances outstanding are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.

Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

Certain
assets and liabilities acquired in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory
is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory
quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated
forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related
inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements
is computed using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed
from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are
expensed as incurred.

Intangible
Assets / Goodwill

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.
At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC.
At December 31
 2018
 no additional impairment loss was recognized.

Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
If there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than
the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &ldquo;asset
and liability method&rdquo; for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable
to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or
rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company established
valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income
tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion
of the benefits associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected
as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with
unrecognized income tax benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income
tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the United States. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer
subject to examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company&rsquo;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years
prior to 2012.

Comprehensive
Income

The
Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
respectively.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $654
490 and $997
410 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in fiscal years
2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

During
2017
 we terminated our previous receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer
account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining
25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the
factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored
amounts as a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did
not factor any new invoices during 2018 and 2017. At December 31
 2018
 we had no factored invoices outstanding and incurred no
fees associated with factoring. During fiscal 2017 we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $63
238.

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In
August 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15
 Statement of Cash
Flows &ndash; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments and in November 2016 issued ASU 2016-18
 Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. The new standards are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and amends the existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows.
The amendments provide guidance on the following nine cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement
of zero-coupon or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest
rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance
claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees;
beneficial interests in securitization transactions; separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle;
and restricted cash. The adoption on January 1
 2018 of ASU 2016-15 and ASU 2016-18 did not have a material effect on the consolidated
financial statements.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which superseded virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects
the expected consideration received in exchange for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment
and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting
period presented in the financial statements
 or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements
with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU
2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14

Effective Date 
 making it
effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
 with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. We adopted ASU 2014-09
as of January 1
 2018. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU 2014-09 had any material impact on its condensed consolidated
financial statements.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &ndash; Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment. ASU 2017-04 will simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment
test. Current guidance requires that companies compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures
to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be
required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will
require companies to perform annual or interim goodwill impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with
its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&rsquo;s
fair value. However
 the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU
2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
and will be applied prospectively. Early adoption of this standard is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating
the impact of ASU 2017-04 on its consolidated financial statements.

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to
recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A
    lease liability
 which is a lessee&rsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted
    basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A
    right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified
    asset for the lease term.


Under
the new guidance
 lessor accounting will be largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and AASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease
guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and
lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should
apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities
upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases)
must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition
accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full
retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&rsquo;s condensed
consolidated financial statements.

In
July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
This guidance provides an additional (and optional) transition
method whereby the new lease standard is applied at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. In
addition
 this ASU provides a practical expedient
 by class of underlying asset
 to not separate nonlease components from the
associated lease and instead account for the lease as a single component if both the timing and pattern of transfer of the nonlease
component(s) are the same
 and if the lease would be classified as an operating lease. These amendments have the same effective
date as ASU 2016-02.

In
June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &ndash; Improvements to Nonemployee
Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees.
Under ASU 2018-07
 the existing employee guidance will apply to nonemployee share-based transactions (as long as the transaction
is not effectively a form of financing)
 with the exception of specific guidance related to the attribution of compensation cost.
The cost of nonemployee awards will continue to be recorded as if the grantor had paid cash for the goods or services. In addition
the contractual term will be able to be used in lieu of an expected term in the option-pricing model for nonemployee awards. The
new standard is effective on January 1
 2019
 and early adoption is permitted
 including in interim periods
 and should be applied
to all new awards granted after the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have
on our consolidated results of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017




    
Business
    Acquisitions


During
the fiscal year 2017
 the Company completed the following acquisitions:

MotherLode
Craft Distillery
 LLC

On
March 8
 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&ldquo;MotherLode&rdquo;)
 a small Portland
Oregon-based provider of bottling services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2018 include MotherLode&rsquo;s results of operations. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2017 include MotherLode&rsquo;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017
through December 31
 2017. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting
adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

The
following allocation of the purchase price is as follows:



Consideration
    given:
    

86
667
    shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
377
000

Assets
    and liabilities acquired:
    

    
7
062

    
103
488

Property
    and equipment
46
250

Intangible
    assets - customer list and license
376
431

    
28
182

Accounts
    payable
(5
180

Customer
    deposits
(179
233

    
377
000


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned
to the customer list intangible asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty
and the multi-period excess earning methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset
value included management&rsquo;s estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on
the weighted average cost of capital for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates
 as
well as applicable royalty rates for comparable assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the
remaining useful economic lives of the tangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows.
The customer relationships estimated useful life is seven years. The fair values assigned to the license intangible asset were
determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.

Big
Bottom Distillery
 LLC

On
May 1
 2017
 the Company acquired 90% of the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&ldquo;BBD&rdquo;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based
distiller of super-premium spirits. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2018 include
BBD&rsquo;s results. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include BBD&rsquo;s
results of operations from the acquisition date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&rsquo;s condensed consolidated
financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo;
whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values
on the acquisition date.

The
following allocation of the 90% purchase price on May 1
 2017 is as follows:



Consideration
    given:
    

28
096
    shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
134
858

Non-controlling
    interests
14
984

Total
    value of acquisition
149
842

    
    

Assets
    and liabilities acquired:
    

Cash
    (overdraft)
(2
521

Accounts
    receivable
6
224

    
129
922

Property
    and equipment
22
717

Intangible
    assets - license
25
000

    
193
374

Accrued
    liabilities
(52
841

Notes
    payable
(172
033

    
149
842


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned
to the license intangible asset was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will
not be amortized. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218
374 for the intangible asset
&ndash; license and the goodwill originally recorded as part of the purchase price allocation for BBD.

At
December 31
 2018
 the Company acquired the remaining 10% of BBD. The consideration given was 3
122 shares of common stock valued
at the December 31
 2018 closing price of $6.18 per share
 for a purchase price of $19
294.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

Raw
    materials
10
347
616
3
755
477

Finished
    goods
669
843
295
805

Total
    inventories
11
017
459
4
051
282




    
Property
    and Equipment


Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
1
148
540
326
088

Leasehold
    improvements
477
184
56
410

    
49
483
49
483

Construction
    in progress
425
851
372
667

Total
    cost
2
101
058
804
648

Less
    accumulated depreciation and amortization
(342
928
(76
142

Total
    property and equipment
 net
1
758
130
728
506


Depreciation
and amortization expense totaled $266
786 and $41
253 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



    
Intangible
    Assets and Goodwill


At
December 31
 2018
 intangible assets and goodwill consist of the following:



    
    
    
    

Permits
    and licenses
25
000
25
000
    

Customer
    lists
351
430
351
432
7
                                         years

    
28
182
28
182
    

Total
    intangible assets and goodwill
404
614
404
614
    

Less
    accumulated amortization
(90
754
(50
764
    

Intangible
    assets and goodwill - net
313
858
353
850
    


Amortization
expense totaled $39
990 and $50
764 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
Other
    Assets


Other
assets consist of the following at December 31:




    
    
    

    
525
000
285
000

    
300
000
    

    
29
297
53
942

    
854
297
343
942

    
(58
037
    

    
796
260
343
942


As
of December 31
 2018
 the Company had $525
000 of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its existing
product lines and branding for new product lines. This amount will be amortized over a seven-year life. In December 2018
 the
Company invested in an online (direct-to-consumer) business and intends to begin selling select products through this platform.
The deposits of $29
297 represent office and retail space lease deposits.

As
of December 31
 2017
 $285
000 represented rebranding the Burnside product line
 $40
000 represented deposits on future product
rebranding and $13
942 represented office and retail spaces lease deposits.

Amortization
expense totaled $58
037 and $0 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



    
Notes
    Payable


Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017:



    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&rsquo; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest
    is paid monthly.
2
300
000
    

Notes
    payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay
    interest-only on a monthly basis.
    
407
500

Note
    payable bearing interest at 2.74%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $100 through December
    2019.
    
2
306

Note
    payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March
    2019.
    
56
341

Convertible
    notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between
    April 3
 2020 &ndash; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series
    of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration
    of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the
    notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors
    in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price
    be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any
    time at the conversion price of $6.00.
    
927
192

Promissory
    notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&rsquo; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
    
1
101
840

Total
    notes payable
2
300
000
2
495
179

Less
    current portion
    
(293
726

Less
    debt discount for detachable warrant
    
(39
693

Long-term
    portion of notes payable
2
300
000
2
161
760



867 in cash and
$3
722
888 in stock to retire the outstanding notes from 2017. The ending 2018 note balance reflects the new notes entered into
during 2018. We paid $189
552 and $103
293 in interest on notes during 2018 and 2017 respectively.

Maturities
on notes payable as of December 31
 2018
 are as follows:

Year
ending December 31:



    
    

    
    

    
2
300
000

    
    

    
    

    
2
300
000



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



    
Secured
    Credit Facility


&nbsp;On
May 10
 2018
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) entered into a credit and security agreement (the &ldquo;Credit
and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and between the Company and The KFK Children&rsquo;s Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &ndash; Trustee
(the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement
 the Lender will make loans to the Company in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $3
000
000 (the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;). The Loans are secured by all of the Company&rsquo;s bulk
whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventory held in third-party storage facilities (&ldquo;Specified Inventory&rdquo;)
 The Company may
borrow 80% of the value of the Specified Inventory it is able to purchase under the Credit and Security Agreement.

The
proceeds of the Loans are to be used by the Company to purchase the Specified Inventory for use in distilling and
producing its spirits products
 and for no other purpose.


7.00%. The Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans
 for the period commencing on the date each such Loan is
made and continuing until each such Loan is paid in full. During 2018
 The Company paid $103
790 in interest on the Loans.
The Company must pay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in a one-time payment on the termination date of
the Credit and Security Agreement (June 10
 2021)
 or earlier pursuant to other provisions thereof. The Company
may prepay the Loans or any portion thereof at any time
 and from time to time
 without premium or penalty. As of December
31
 2018
 the Company has borrowed the full $3 million available under the agreement.

The
current market value of the Company&rsquo;s bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventories must be at least 120% of the outstanding
Loan balance. In addition
 the Credit and Security Agreement contains other customary covenants including
 among other things
certain restrictions on incurring indebtedness.




    
Income
    Taxes



effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The provision (benefit) for income taxes
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 were as follows
 assuming a 35% and 21% federal effective tax rate
 respectively.
The Company also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31
 2017 and 2018.



    
    
    

Expected
    federal income tax benefit
(1
774
610
(1
794
492

State
    income taxes after credits
(597
146
(348
343

Change
    in valuation allowance
2
371
756
2
142
835

    
    
    

Total
    provision for income taxes
    
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforwards
7
780
105
5
489
143

Stock-based
    compensation
623
386
563
356

Total
    deferred tax assets
8
403
491
6
052
499

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
(208
864
(92
016

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
(208
864
(92
016

Valuation
    allowance
(8
194
627
(5
960
483

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    



    
    



Eastside
                                         Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

At
December 31
 2018
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $8.6 million
 to offset
against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
respectively. The federal NOLs begin to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net
operating loss carryforwards may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended
 the Internal Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences
a greater than 50 percentage aggregate change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &ldquo;Section
382 ownership change&rdquo;)
 utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code (and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value
of the Company&rsquo;s stock at the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term
tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be
substantial.

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation
of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of
the realizability of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.



    
Commitments
    and Contingencies


Operating
Leases

The
Company leases its corporate office
 warehouse
 kiosks and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at
various dates through December 2023. Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $25
175 over the terms of the leases. For operating
leases which contain fixed escalations in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. The difference between the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents
deferred rent which is included within accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under
lease are subject to monthly percentage rent adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

At
December 31
 2018
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:

For
year ending December 31st:



    
547
411

    
435
958

    
117
683

    
37
153

    
38
267

    
1
176
472


Total
rent expense was approximately $459
147 and $362
000 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Legal
Matters

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings
 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from
time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming
and expensive to resolve
 and divert management resources.



    
Net
    Loss per Common Share


Basic
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
period
 without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum
of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options
and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. There
were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2018 and 2017. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted
net loss per common share in 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
December
    31


    
    
    

Net
    loss available to common shareholders (numerator)
(9
047
669
(5
277
316

Weighted
    average shares (denominator)
6
074
489
3
717
956

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    



    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

14.
Stockholder&rsquo;s Equity




Reverse
Stock Splits

All
shares related and per share information in these financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 3-for-1 reverse
stock split of the Company&rsquo;s common stock effected on June 15
 2017.

Issuance
of Common Stock

On
December 31
 2018
 the Company issued 3
122 shares in connection with the purchase of the remaining 10% interest in BBD.

On
November 20
 2018
 the Company issued 1
235
000 shares of common stock at $6.50 per share in connection with an underwritten public
offering for net proceeds of approximately $7.2 million. On December 19
 2018 an additional 185
250 shares were issued
as part of the overallotment for additional proceeds of approximately $1.1 million.

During
2018
 the Company issued 1
345
978 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for cash
proceeds of $7
268
281
 and 500
000 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants in exchange
for a reduction in outstanding note principal of $2
700
000.

On
September 25
 2018
 the Company issued 120
000 shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of underwriter
warrants. The warrants were part of units
 and each unit consisted of one share of common stock and one common stock warrant exercisable
at $5.40 per share.

In
July 2018
 the Company issued 167
273 shares of common stock at $6.00 per share in exchange for outstanding note principal and
interest. 

During
2018
 the Company issued 115
334 shares of common stock at an average of $5.35 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants
for proceeds of $617
004. In addition
 the Company issued 59
308 shares of common stock at an average of approximately $4.05 per
share in exchange for services rendered.

During
2018
 the Company issued 79
734 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $712
469.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.99 - $8.50
per share.

During
2018
 the Company issued 35
941 shares of common stock in connection with existing option exercises
 at an average exercise price
of $4.56.

During
2018
 the Company issued 27
400 shares of common stock to consultants in exchange for services. The shares were valued using the
closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with a range of $3.99 - $7.72 per share
 for a total value of $162
378.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 18
371 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range
of $3.78 - $4.33 per share.

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 32
000 shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to
a claw-back provision tied to specific performance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock on the date of grant
 $4.54 per share.

In
December 2017
 the Company issued 14
384 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $52
500. No gain or loss was recorded on the transactions.

In
September 2017
 the Company issued 14
760 shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range
of $3.78 - $4.38 per share.

In
August 2017
 the Company issued 83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an
aggregate principal amount converted of $500
000. No gain or loss was recorded on the transactions.

In
August 2017
 the Company issued 5
209 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The
shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.40
- $3.50 per share.

In
August 2017
 the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common
stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &ldquo;Unit&rdquo;) at a public
offering price of $4.50 per Unit. The warrants have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will
expire five years from the date of issuance. The gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their
option to purchase an additional 180
000 Units to cover over-allotments
 which resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company
of $810
000
 before deducting offering expenses.

In
June 2017
 the Company issued 2
716 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which
were fully vested upon issuance. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
with which ranged from $4.38 to $6.00 per share.

In
May 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of a majority stake in BBD. The Company issued 28
096 shares of common stock to
the owners of BBD as consideration for 90% of the BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80
on May 1
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $134
858. Issuance costs incurred were $14
400.

In
April 2017
 the independent directors
 Messrs. Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 each exercised 4
630 stock options to purchase
common stock at $5.40 per share.

In
April 2017
 the Company issued 50
335 shares of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $4.35 - $4.50
per share.


    
    



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


In
April 2017
 the Company approved a restricted stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive
Officer
 Grover Wickersham. The grant vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10
218 shares were withheld in order to satisfy Mr. Wickersham&rsquo;s
personal tax withholding responsibility. The shares were valued using the $4.80 closing share price of our common stock on the
date of grant.

In
April 2017
 the Company issued 16
667 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 50 shares of preferred stock.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 83
334 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 250 shares of preferred stock.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 22
436 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate
principal amount converted of $87
500. No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.

On
March 8
 2017
 the Company completed the acquisition of MotherLode. The Company issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners
of MotherLode as consideration for the acquisition. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000. Issuance costs incurred were $5
580.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 575 shares of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2
517. The shares were
valued using the $4.38 closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant.

In
March 2017
 the Company issued 19
796 shares of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.90 - $4.35
per share.

From
March 31
 2017 to June 2
 2017
 the Company issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
including 400
019 warrants for common stock.

From
January 15
 2017 through February 16
 2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares
for aggregate cash proceeds of $159
250.

From
January 4
 2017 to January 22
 2017
 the Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90
per share for aggregate cash proceeds of $58
500.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

Stock-Based
Compensation

On
September 8
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares
available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan was initially set at 166
667 shares
subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017 and pursuant to the plan provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under
the 2016 Plan increased to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital
stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the Board of Directors
(the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of the common stock that may
be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Aggregate Limit&rdquo;) by an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total
of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant
to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the &ldquo;Individual
Option Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted
to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &ldquo;Individual Award Limit&rdquo;) under the 2016 Plan in any one year period
from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be paid to any one participant
under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance compensation awards under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Individual
Performance Award Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 which amendments were adopted and approved at the December
2017 meeting of stockholders. On January 1
 2018
 pursuant to the plan provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under
the 2016 Plan further increased to 1
131
880 shares. The exercise price per share of each stock option shall not be less than
100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant. At December 31
 2018
 there were
904
249 options and 225
780 restricted stock units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) issued under the 2016 Plan with vesting schedules varying
between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.

On
January 29
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2015 Plan&rdquo;). The total number
of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment.
At December 31
 2018
 there were 49
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate
and one (1) year from the grant date
 which options vest at the rate of at least 25% in the first year
 starting 6-months after
the grant date
 and 75% in year two.

A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 is presented below:



    
#
    of Options
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2016
173
750
    

Options
    granted
243
667
    

Options
    exercised
(9
260
    

Options
    canceled
(39
151
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
369
006
    

Options
    granted
654
000
    

Options
    exercised
48
715
    

Options
    canceled
(78
433
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2018
895
858
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
    at December 31
 2018
406
464
    


The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31
 2018 was $558
278
 compared to $28
962 at December 31
 2017.

At
December 31
 2018
 there were 489
393 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $1
322
193. The unvested options
will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five
(5) years from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options at December 31
 2018 was $344
232. During the
year ended December 31
 2018
 255
182 options vested.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value
of stock options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards
issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the
underlying stock-based awards vest.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

To
determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the
effect of the following:



    
    
Exercise
    price of the option

    
    
Fair
    value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant

    
    
Expected
    term of the option

    
    
Expected
    volatility over the expected term of the option

    
    
Risk-free
    interest rate for the expected term of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management&rsquo;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated
using the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual
term and the vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common
shares of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest
rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.

The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended
December 31
 2018:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    

Dividend
    yield
    

Expected
    volatility
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $2.64. The
aggregate grant date fair value of the 641
000 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $1
689
398.

For
the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 net compensation expense related to stock options was $657
546. At December
31
 2018
 the total compensation expense related to stock options not yet recognized is approximately $1
088
420
 which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.18 years.



During
the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 500
000 common stock warrants in connection with
the issuance of $5
000
000 in notes payable
 and 10
000 common stock warrants to a consultant. The Company has determined the
warrants should be classified as equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2018. The estimated fair
value of the warrants at issuance was $2
110
997
 based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance
for the public offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    

Fair
    value of common stock
    


A
total of 1
961
312 warrants were exercised during the fiscal year 2018 for cash proceeds of $7
885
285 and a $2
700
000 reduction
of outstanding note principal. In addition
 54
308 warrants were exercised during the twelve month period at an average
of approximately $4.07 per share in exchange for services rendered.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

A
summary of activity in warrants is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2017
2
623
077
3.62
                                         years
    
54
880

    
    
    
    
    

Twelve
    months ended December 31
 2018:
    
    
    
    

    
510
000
4.47
                                         years
    
387
600

    
(2
015
620
    
    
    

Forfeited
    and cancelled
(34
022
4.25
                                         years
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December 31
 2018
1
083
435
1.04
                                         years
    
    




    
Related
    Party Transactions


The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2017 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000
or one percent (1%) of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years which was $176
934
and in which any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation
 termination
and other arrangements.

On
June 2
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased 15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock
and one three-year common stock purchase warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of
$59
237 in cash.

On
August 10
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one
share of common stock and one Public Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash. On August 9
 2018
 Mr. Wickersham
and his affiliates exercised the 55
555 warrants associated with the 2017 unit offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share
for total proceeds of approximately $300
000.

On
August 23
 2017
 our Board appointed Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.
Mr. Peterson is also the President of Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating
sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom Partners and tasked them with reviewing the Company&rsquo;s current product portfolio
 as
well as its new ideas
 and advising it with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally
and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom Partner&rsquo;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000
in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise
price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a Black-Scholes value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services
rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company. We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000
(at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018. On August 11
 2018
 we issued 42
000 shares of common stock to Sandstrom in connection
with the exercise of their 42
000 warrants in exchange for services rendered.



    
    




Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;) purchased from us a promissory
note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest
is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering
of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future
Financing&rdquo;)
 all amounts due under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business days of the
final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with
a Future Financing
 at the option of PSP
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered
in the Future Financing. PSP used a balance of $379
750 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s new private offering of notes with warrants.
The remaining principal balance of $85
000 was paid in April 2018. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable
monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on
May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new offering
 PSP was issued 37
975 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August
9
 2018
 PSP exercised the 37
975 warrants at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due. $174
685
remained outstanding on the note.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &ldquo;Wickersham Trust&rdquo;) purchased
from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration
of $179
300. Interest is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private
or public offering of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million
(a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
 all amounts due under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business
days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under the Promissory
Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Wickersham Trust
 the principal amount due and payable may be used
to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing. During the first quarter of 2018
 Wickersham Trust used the balance
to purchase the Company&rsquo;s new private offering of notes with warrants. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per
annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due
and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new offering
 the Wickersham Trust was issued 17
930 warrants
 exercisable
at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 the Wickersham Trust exercised the 17
930 warrants at $5.40 per share in exchange for a
reduction in outstanding note principal due. $82
478 remained outstanding on the note.

We
believe that the foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into
only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct
an appropriate review of all related party transactions and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee
has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person
and any other potential conflict of interest situation on an ongoing basis
 in accordance with Company policies and procedures
in effect from time to time.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017



16.
    
Subsequent
    Events


On
January 11
 2019
 the Company acquired Craft Canning LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company by way of a subsidiary merger and
changed its name to Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC (&ldquo;Craft&rdquo;).


Eastside
acquired Craft for total consideration of $4
844
882
 subject to certain post-closing adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement
(the &ldquo;Merger Consideration&rdquo;). The Merger Consideration consisted of $2
003
200 in cash
 a three-year note of $761
678
and 338
212 shares of common stock of Eastside (the &ldquo;Consideration Shares&rdquo;) allocated only to &ldquo;accredited investors&rdquo;
as such term is defined under Section 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Holders
of the Consideration Shares have agreed to a one-year lock-up restricting the sale of the Consideration Shares. The Company has
granted the holders of Consideration Shares &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; registration rights effective after the one-year lock-up.

Owen
Lingley became non-executive Chairman of Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC
 and is party to a consulting agreement with the Company.
The Company also issued to Mr. Lingley a warrant to purchase 146
262 shares of common stock of the Company at $7.80 per share
and an exercise period of three years. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant will be subject to the
same &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; registration rights as the Consideration Shares described above.

The
Merger Agreement additionally provides that in the event that Craft&rsquo;s EBITDA (as defined in the Merger Agreement) for fiscal
year 2019 is less than $1
000
000 (such shortfall
 the &ldquo;EBITDA Adjustment&rdquo;)
 the principal amounts on notes payable
to former holders of Craft Interests will be reduced on a pro rata basis in an aggregate amount equal to the EBITDA Adjustment.

The
Merger Agreement contains representations
 warranties
 and covenants by the parties that are customary for a transaction of this
nature.



    
    


Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The
Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of the end of the period covered by
this report. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal
executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2018.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31
 2018 using the criteria established in 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation
 our management
has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm
to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No
changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31
 2018 that
have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The
following is a brief description of the principal occupation and recent business experience of each of our executive officers
and directors and their ages as of March 28
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Chairman of the Board
 Director

Patrick
    Crowley(3)
    
    
    
    

Trent
    D. Davis (2)(3)
    
    
    
    

Michael
    M. Fleming (1)(2)(3)
    
    
    
    

David
    Holmes
    
    
    
    

Jack
    Peterson
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Szot (1)(2)
    
    
    
    

Robert
    Manfredonia
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
Executive
    Vice President Operations and Master Distiller

    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Member of the audit committee.
(2)
Member of the compensation committee.
(3)
Member of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

Our
board of directors currently consists of seven members. All directors hold office until their successors have been elected
and qualified or until their earlier death
 resignation
 disqualification
 or removal. Board vacancies and newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the directors then in office
even if less than a quorum
 or by a sole remaining director. Our board may establish the authorized number of directors from time
to time by resolution.

Our
executive officers are each appointed by the board and serve at the board&rsquo;s discretion.

There
are no family relationships among our officers or directors.

Executive
Officers

Grover
Wickersham 
 and as our chief executive officer in
November 2016. Mr. Wickersham currently serves on the boards of directors of Verseon Corporation
 a London AIM-listed pharmaceutical
development company; and Arbor Vita Corporation
 a private company that has developed a test for cervical cancer. Mr. Wickersham
has been a director and portfolio advisor of Glenbrook Capital Management
 the general partner of a partnership that invests primarily
in the securities of public companies
 from 1996 to the present. For more than five years
 Mr. Wickersham has served as the Chairman
of the board of trustees of Purisima Fund
 a mutual fund advised by Fisher Investments of Woodside
 California
 which fund has
assets under management of approximately $375 million. Between 1976 and 1981
 Mr. Wickersham served as a staff attorney
 and then
as a branch chief
 of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). He holds a B.A. from the University
of California at Berkeley
 an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a J.D. from University of California
 Hastings College of
Law. We believe that Mr. Wickersham is qualified to serve as a member of our Board of Directors because of his experience and
knowledge of corporate finance and legal matters
 his experience and knowledge of operational matters gained as a past and present
director of other public and private companies
 and his knowledge of our company.


    
    


Robert
has served as our President since
December 6

drive new business growth
 distributor focus and forging strong relationships with external business partners. In April 2018
Mr. Manfredonia joined us from Russian Standard
 where he was Vice President in charge of National Accounts. As our Vice President
of National Accounts
 Mr. Manfredonia was in charge of selling the Company&rsquo;s Redneck Riviera Whiskey product to &lsquo;big
box&rsquo; retailers including Costco
 Kroger
 Albertsons
 Walmart
 CVS
 Winn Dixie
 Spec&rsquo;s (Texas)
 Jewel Osco
 ABC Liquors
(Florida) and other significant accounts. He started his career as a sales manager with Southern Wine &amp; Spirits. From 2012
through 2015
 he was co-founder of Diamond Brands Inc.
 where he led the concept development
 research and development
 and bringing
to market of a French sparkling wine. From 2007 through 2012
 he was Western Division Director for Duvel Moortgat USA
 where he
had oversight of six breweries
 five European
 and U.S. management of 106 distributors. Prior to 2007
 Mr. Manfredonia worked
for Miller Brewing Company as a Division Director of International Brands. His oversight included nine urban centers and 52 distributors
with a fiscal 2006 revenue increase of 42%. He served as a logistics specialist in the United States Air Force from 1984 through
1989
 serving in Asia and Europe.

Steven
Shum
 Mr. Shum served as an officer and
director of XZERES Corp from October 2008 until April 2015
 a publicly-traded global renewable energy company
 in various officer
roles
 including chief operating officer from September 2014 until April 2015
 chief financial officer
 principal accounting officer
and secretary from April 2010 until September 2014 (under former name
 Cascade Wind Corp) and chief executive officer and president
from October 2008 to August 2010. Mr. Shum also serves as the managing principal of Core Fund Management
 LP and the Fund Manager
of Core Fund
 LP. He was a founder of Revere Data LLC (now part of Factset Research Systems
 Inc.) and served as its executive
vice president for four years
 heading up the product development efforts and contributing to operations
 business development
and sales. He spent six years as an investment research analyst and portfolio manager of D.N.B. Capital Management
 Inc. His previous
employers include Red Chip Review and Laughlin Group of Companies. He earned a B.S. in Finance and a B.S. in General Management
from Portland State University in 1992.

Melissa
Heim
2016
 she was appointed our Executive Vice President Operations. We believe Ms. Heim was one of the first female master distillers
and blenders west of the Mississippi River. Prior to joining us
 she apprenticed at and then served as head distiller at Rogue
Distillery and Public House in Portland&rsquo;s Pearl District
 holding the latter position from 2008 to 2010. Also
 Ms. Heim
co-founded and served as president of the Clear Boots Society
 an organization that supports women&rsquo;s leadership in the spirits
industry. Ms. Heim studied Liberal Arts with emphasis on English at the University of Oregon. Ms. Heim is a current board member
and Treasurer for the Women Distillers Guild
 a member of the Craft Spirit Steering Committee for the international association
Women of the Vine and Spirits
 a member in good standing with the American Distilling Institute since 2014
 a member in good standing
with the American Craft Spirits Association since 2014
 was named as one of the beverage industry&rsquo;s top 40 under 40 tastemakers
in 2017 and holds certification of advanced blending
 maturation and warehousing techniques for spirits.


    
    


Non-Employee
Directors

Trent
Davis 
of Whitestone Investment Network
 Inc.
 which specializes in providing executive advisory services to small entrepreneurial companies
as well as restructuring
 recapitalizing
 and making strategic investments in small to midsize companies. Mr. Davis is also currently
Lead Director
 Chairman of the Nominating and Governance and Special Investments Committees and is a Member of the Audit and Compensation
Committees of Dataram Corporation (Nasdaq: DRAM)
 which develops
 manufactures
 and markets memory products primarily used in
enterprise servers and workstations worldwide. Previously
 from December 2014 to July 2015
 Mr. Davis was Chairman of the Board
for Majesco Entertainment Company (Nasdaq: COOL)
 which is an innovative developer
 marketer
 publisher
 and distributor of interactive
entertainment for consumers around the world. From November 2013 until July 2014
 Mr. Davis served as the President and a Director
of Paulson Capital Corp. (Nasdaq: PLCC) until he successfully completed the reverse merger of Paulson with VBI Vaccines
 (Nasdaq:
VBIV). He went on to serve as a Member of VBI Vaccines&rsquo; Board of Directors and Audit Committee until May 2016. Mr. Davis
was also the Chief Executive Officer of Paulson Investment Company. Inc.
 a subsidiary of Paulson Capital Corp
 from July 2005
until October 2014
 where he supervised all operations and over 200 investment representatives overseeing $1.5 billion in client
assets. Prior to that
 commencing in 1996
 Mr. Davis served as Senior Vice President of Syndicate and National Sales of Paulson
Investment Company
 Inc. He has extensive experience in capital markets and brokerage operations and is credited with overseeing
the syndication of approximately $600 million for over 50 client companies in both public and private transactions. In 2003
 Mr.
Davis served as a Chairman of the Board of the National Investment Banking Association. Mr. Davis holds a B.S. in Business and
Economics from Linfield College and an M.B.A. from the University of Portland and held the following FINRA Licenses: Series 7
24
 63
 66
 and 79. Mr. Davis is qualified to serve on the Board because of his deep knowledge of finance and public company issues
capital market
 advisory and entrepreneurial experiences
 and extensive expertise in operational and executive management.

Michael
(Mick) Fleming
Ryan
 Swanson &amp; Cleveland
 PLLC specializing in real estate
 dispute resolution
 securities and environmental matters. Mr.
Fleming previously was an attorney with the law firm of Lane Powell PC from 2000 to 2013. Mr. Fleming is the Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Jones Soda Co.
 a publicly traded premium beverage company. Mr. Fleming has served on the Board of Directors of
Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound since 2002 and was Chairman of the Board of Directors from 2008 to 2009. He has also
been the President and owner of Kidcentre
 Inc.
 a company in the business of providing child-care services in downtown Seattle
Washington
 since 1988. Since 1985
 he has also been the President and owner of Fleming Investment Co.
 an investment company.
Mr. Fleming holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of Washington and a law degree from the University of California
Hastings College of the Law. We believe Mr. Fleming is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience
serving on public company boards
 as president and owner of two businesses as well as his legal expertise in matters of business
and securities law.


    
    


Jack
Peterson
 Mr. Peterson has been the President of Sandstrom
Partners
 a brand development company that focuses on the creation and revitalization of thought leading brands such as Bulleit
Bourbon
 St-Germain
 Stillhouse Whiskey
 Miller Brewing
 Pernod Ricard and Aviation Gin. In addition to Eastside
 clients of the
firm include Bacardi
 Pernod Ricard
 Brown Foreman and Diageo. From March 1996 to April 2007
 Mr. Peterson was President of Borders
Perrin
 Norrander
 a full-service advertising agency in Portland
 OR. Previously
 Mr. Peterson served as account director and
account executive at several advertising agencies including Hal Riney &amp; Partners in San Francisco. Mr. Peterson holds a B.A.
from the University of Minnesota. Because of his professional experience in brand development and establishing brand equity
 and
his contacts within the spirits industry
 we believe Mr. Peterson will be a valuable member of our board of directors.

Matthew
Szot
Officer of S&amp;W Seed Company (Nasdaq: SANW) where he has served since March 2010. Mr. Szot brings a wealth of knowledge in
mergers and acquisitions
 debt and equity financings
 developing and implementing financial and operational process improvements
technical accounting
 SEC reporting and compliance. During this tenure
 Mr. Szot has been instrumental in negotiating
 structuring
and integrating six strategic acquisitions. Mr. Szot is also currently a Director and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee
of SenesTech (Nasdaq: SNES)
 a life science company focused on animal fertility control. From February 2007 until October 2011
Mr. Szot served as the Chief Financial Officer for Cardiff Partners
 LLC
 a strategic consulting company that provided executive
financial services to various publicly traded and privately held companies. From 2003 to December 2006
 Mr. Szot served as Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary of Rip Curl
 Inc.
 a market leader in wetsuit and action sports apparel products. From 1996 to
2003
 Mr. Szot was a Certified Public Accountant with KPMG in the San Diego and Chicago offices and served as an Audit Manager
for various publicly traded companies. Mr. Szot graduated with High Honors from the University of Illinois
 Champaign-Urbana with
a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural Economics/Accountancy. Mr. Szot is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of
California. We believe Mr. Szot is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his experience serving on public company
boards and in executive positions
 as well as his extensive experience in and qualifications pertaining to finance
 accounting
and operations.

Patrick
T. Crowley
 2018. Mr. Crowley is a veteran motion picture producer with
worldwide experience. He has produced many box office hits including Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom
 Jurassic World
 Eight Below
The Bourne Identity
 The Bourne Supremacy
 The Bourne Ultimatum
 The Bourne Identity
 Eagle Eye and The Other Guys. He was the
executive producer on Sleepless in Seattle
 Legends of the Fall and Charlie&rsquo;s Angels: Full Throttle. As the Company contemplates
broadening its collaboration with celebrities as a result of its positive results working with country music star
 John Rich in
the Redneck Riviera Whiskey venture

experience and contacts in the entertainment world will be a unique and valuable voice in the boardroom.

David
Holmes
 2018. Mr. Holmes currently serves as the founder of Third Floor
LLC
 a development-stage company assembling a platform of brands primarily focused on &lsquo;evolved beverage&rsquo; and cannabis
beverage. Prior thereto
 he was a co-founder of Boathouse Beverage
 the developer of the SpikedSeltzer brand
 which was sold to
ABInbev in 2016. While at Boathouse
 Mr. Holmes built the SpikedSeltzer brand from concept to product to sale and
 in the process
created a segment in the alcohol beverage market. He developed and directed all branding/marketing and related execution
 along
with sole responsibility for all investment
 finance
 logistics and field sales management. Following the SpikedSeltzer brand
acquisition
 Mr. Holmes became Vice President at ABInbev where his primary focus was on managing the operational transition to
ABI
 leading and guiding the brand identity transition into ABI and wholesaler outreach and relationship building. Prior to co-founding
Boathouse Beverage
 Mr. Holmes was a director and portfolio manager at Citi Capital Advisors from 2007 through 2012
 where he
ran its distressed debt opportunity fund. Mr. Holmes was also an analyst at Marathon Asset Management
 an alternative asset management
firm with $10 billion in assets under management investing in global credit and fixed income markets. Mr. Holmes has an MBA in

of his extensive experience within the spirits industry
 the Company believes Mr. Holmes will be a valuable member of the Board.


    
    


Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

None
of our directors or executive officers has
 during the past ten years:



    
    
has
    had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer
 either
    at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;




    
    
been
    convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other
    minor offences);




    
    
been
    subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
    permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
    futures
 commodities or banking activities;




    
    
been
    found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
    Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
    suspended
 or vacated;




    
    
been
    subject or a party to or any other event requiring disclosure under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.


Family
Relationships



Board
Committees

In
September 2016
 our Board of Directors established the following standing committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee
and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The Board of Directors determined that establishing standing audit
 compensation
and nominating and corporate governance committees is an important element of sound corporate governance.

Audit
Committee

Our
audit committee oversees the engagement of our independent public accountants
 reviews our audited financial statements
 meets
with our independent public accountants to review internal controls and reviews our financial plans. Our audit committee currently
consists of Matthew Szot
 who is the chair of the committee and Michael M. Fleming. Former director Shelly A. Saunders
served on the audit committee prior to her resignation from the Board of Directors effective March 19
 2019. The vacancy on the
audit committee caused by Ms. Saunders&rsquo; resignation has not yet been filled by the Board of Directors as of March 28
 2019.
Each of Messrs. Szot and Fleming has been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ
and SEC standards. Our Board of Directors has also designated each of Mr
 Szot and Mr. Fleming as an &ldquo;audit committee
financial expert&rdquo; as the term is defined under SEC regulations and has determined that each of Mr. Fleming and Mr. Szot
possesses the requisite &ldquo;financial sophistication&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ rules. The audit committee operates
under a written charter which is available on our website at https://www.eastsidedistilling.com/investors Both our independent
registered accounting firm and internal financial personnel will regularly meet with our audit committee and have unrestricted
access to the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements
including our consolidated balance sheets
 consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows. Further
no member of the audit committee has participated in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements
 or those of any
of our current subsidiaries
 at any time during the past three years.

Compensation
Committee

Our
compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices and procedures relating to compensation for our directors
 officers
and other employees and advising and consulting with our officers regarding managerial personnel and development. Our compensation
committee currently consists of Trent D. Davis
 who is the chair of the committee
 Matthew Szot and Michael M. Fleming
 each of
whom has been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ standards. Each member of our compensation
committee is also a non-employee director
 as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 and an outside
director
 as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. The compensation committee operates



Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee (&ldquo;nominating committee&rdquo;) evaluates the composition
 size and governance
of our Board of Directors and its committees
 evaluating and recommending candidates for election to our Board of Directors
 establishing
a policy for considering stockholder nominees and reviewing our corporate governance principles and providing recommendations
to the Board of Directors. Our nominating committee currently consists of Michael M. Fleming
 who is the chair of the committee
Patrick Crowley and Trent D. Davis
 each of whom has been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent in accordance
with NASDAQ standards. The Nominating Committee operates under a written charter which is available on the Company&rsquo;s website
at 


    
    


Director
Nomination Process

The
nominating committee identifies director nominees by first considering those current members of the Board of Directors who are
willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board of Directors with skills and experience that are relevant to our
business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination
 balancing the value of continuity of service
by existing members of the Board of Directors with that of obtaining a new perspective. If any member of the Board of Directors
does not wish to continue in service
 if the nominating committee or the Board of Directors decides not to re-nominate a member
for reelection
 if the nominating committee or the Board of Directors decided to fill a director position that is currently vacant
or if the nominating committee or the Board of Directors decides to recommend that the size of the Board of Directors be increased
the nominating committee identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria described above.
Current members of the Board of Directors and management are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the Board of Directors&rsquo;
criteria. Research may also be performed to identify qualified individuals and
 if appropriate
 the nominating committee may engage
a search firm. Nominees for director are selected by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors
 with any current directors
who may be nominees themselves abstaining from any vote relating to their own nomination. All of our directors participated in
the consideration of the director nominees for election at the Annual Meeting. Although the nominating committee and the Board
of Directors do not have a formal diversity policy
 the Board of Directors instructed the nominating committee to consider such
factors as it deems appropriate to develop a Board and committees that are diverse in nature and comprised of experienced and
seasoned advisors. Factors considered by the nominating committee include judgment
 knowledge
 skill
 diversity (including factors
such as race
 gender and experience)
 integrity
 experience with businesses and other organizations of comparable size
 including
experience in the spirits industry
 business
 finance
 administration or public service
 the relevance of a candidate&rsquo;s
experience to our needs and experience of other board members
 familiarity with national and international business matters
 experience
with accounting rules and practices
 the desire to balance the considerable benefit of continuity with the periodic injection
of the fresh perspective provided by new members
 and the extent to which a candidate would be a desirable addition to the Board
of Directors and any committees of the Board of Directors.

In
addition
 directors are expected to be able to exercise their best business judgment when acting on behalf of us and our stockholders
act ethically at all times and adhere to the applicable provisions of our code of business conduct and ethics. Other than consideration
of the foregoing and applicable SEC and NASDAQ requirements
 unless determined otherwise by the Nominating Committee
 there are
no stated minimum criteria
 qualities or skills for director nominees. However
 the Nominating Committee may also consider such
other factors as it may deem are in the best interests of us and our stockholders. In addition
 at least one member of the Board
of Directors serving on the audit committee should meet the criteria for an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; having
the requisite &ldquo;financial sophistication&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ and SEC rules
 and a majority of the members of the
Board of Directors should meet the definition of &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; under applicable NASDAQ rules.

The
Nominating Committee and the Board of Directors may consider suggestions for persons to be nominated for director that are submitted
by stockholders. The Nominating Committee will evaluate stockholder suggestions for director nominees in the same manner as it
evaluates suggestions for director nominees made by management
 then-current directors or other appropriate sources. Stockholders
suggesting persons as director nominees should send information about a proposed nominee to our Secretary at our principal executive
offices as referenced above at least 90 days before the anniversary of the prior year&rsquo;s annual stockholder meeting. This
information should be in writing and should include a signed statement by the proposed nominee that he or she is willing to serve
as a director of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 a description of the proposed nominee&rsquo;s relationship to the stockholder and
any information that the stockholder feels will fully inform the Board of Directors about the proposed nominee and his or her
qualifications. The Board of Directors may request further information from the proposed nominee and the stockholder making the
recommendation. In addition
 a stockholder may nominate one or more persons for election as a director at our annual meeting of
stockholders.

General
Stockholder Communications 

Stockholders
can send communications to the Board of Directors by sending a certified or registered letter to the Chairman of the Board
 care
of the Secretary
 at our main business address set forth above. Communications that are threatening
 illegal
 or similarly inappropriate
and advertisements
 solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions
 and other similar communications will generally not be
forwarded to the Chairman.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership on Form 4 and Form 5. Officers
directors and greater-than-ten-percent stockholders are required by Commission regulations to furnish to us copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us
 or written representations from
certain reporting persons
 we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers
 directors
 and greater-than-10%
beneficial owners were met during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees
 officers and directors. We will provide
to any person without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our code of business conduct and ethics. Requests may be directed to our
principal executive offices at 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Also
 a copy of our code of business conduct
and ethics is available on our website. We will disclose
 on our website
 any amendment to
 or a waiver from
 a provision of our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting
officer or controller
 or persons performing similar functions and that relates to any element of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics enumerated in applicable rules of the SEC.


    
    


Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The
following table sets forth the compensation awarded to
 earned by or paid to our Named Executive Officers for services rendered
during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2018
 and 2017.




    
2018
    Summary Compensation Table

Name
    and Position 
Year
    
Salary
    
Bonus
    
Stock
    Awards
Option
    Awards
&nbsp;All
    Other Compensation
Total
    ($)

Grover
    T. Wickersham &nbsp;
    
120
000
123
750
$
                                         164
314
$
                                         318
545
    
726
609

Chief
    Executive Officer
 Director 
    
20
769
50
000
$
                                         188
350
$
                                         156
740
    
415
859

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Robert
    Manfredonia &nbsp;
    
109
615
    
$
                                         50
000
$
                                         204
625
    
364
240

President
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Steve
    Shum &nbsp;
    
135
000
132
250
$
                                         164
314
$
                                         318
545
    
750
109

Chief

 (Since October 1
 2015)
    
135
000
63
461
$
                                         59
390
$
                                         5
095
    
262
946

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim &nbsp;
    
87
289
10
000
$
                                         19
950
$
                                         68
575
    
185
814

Executive
    V.P. Operations&nbsp;and Master Distiller &nbsp;
    
85
000
34
297
$
                                         57
906
$
                                         30
915
    
208
118





    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 115
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock options granted on
    three separate dates of grant (with exercise prices of $3.92
 $3.99 and $7.87 per share
 respectively) without regards to
    forfeitures
 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718
 Compensation&mdash;Stock Compensation (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;).
    This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest monthly
    over a 2 or 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options are set forth in Note 14 in the
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 52.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 53
333 shares of common stock underlying the stock options granted on two
    separate dates of grant (with exercise prices of $4.80 and $3.78 per share
 respectively) without regards to forfeitures
    computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive
    officer. The options issued vest monthly over a 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options
    are set forth in Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 46 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 filed with the SEC on April 2
 2018.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 24
098 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant ($3.99
 $7.19
 and $7.69 per share
 respectively) without regards
    to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 50
834 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant ($4.80
 $3.78
 and $4.33 per share
 respectively) without regards
    to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 75
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock options granted on two
    separate dates of grant (with exercise prices of $7.05 and $7.87 per share
 respectively) without regards to forfeitures
    computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive
    officer. The options issued vest monthly over a 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options
    are set forth in Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 52.



    
    




    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 6
696 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant ($7.05
 and $7.94 per share
 respectively) without regards to
    forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 115
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock options granted on
    three separate dates of grant (with exercise prices pf $3.92
 $3.99 and $7.87 per share
 respectively) without regards to
    forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named
    executive officer. The options issued vest monthly over a 2 or 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value
    of the stock options are set forth in Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 52.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 1
667 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of
    grant (with an exercise price of $4.50 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This
    amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest quarterly
    over a 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options are set forth in Note 13 in the Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 46 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
    December 31
 2017
 filed with the SEC on April 2
 2018. 

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 24
098 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant ($3.99
 $7.19
 and $7.69 per share
 respectively) without regards
    to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 13
000 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respectively dates of grant ($6.00
 $3.90
 and $4.33 per share
 respectively) without
    regards to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 25
000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of
    grant (with an exercise price of $3.99 per share) without regards to forfeitures
 computed in accordance with ASC 718. This
    amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive officer. The options issued vest quarterly
    over a 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options are set forth in Note 14 in the Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 52.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the 11
667 shares of common stock underlying the stock options granted on two
    separate dates of grant (with an exercise price of $4.50 and $3.78 per share
 respectively) without regards to forfeitures
    computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the named executive
    officer. The options issued vest monthly over a 3-year period. The assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options
    are set forth in Note 13 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 46 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017
 filed with the SEC on April 2
 2018.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 5
000 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the dates of grant ($3.99 per share) without regards to forfeitures.

    
    
Amounts
    reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of 5
548 restricted stock units calculated based on the closing sales price reported
    on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant ($3.78 and $4.33 per share
 respectively) without regards to
    forfeitures.


All
Other Compensation




    
    


2018
Grants of Plan-Based Awards

The
following table sets forth information concerning the number of shares of common stock underlying restricted stock unit awards
and stock options granted to the Named Executive Officers in the year ended December 31
 2018.



    
    
All
    Other Stock Awards:
All
    Other Option Awards:
    
    

    
&nbsp;Grant
    Date
Number
    of Shares of 
    
    
Number
    of Securities Underlying Options (#)
Exercise
    or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Share)
Grant
    Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards 

Grover
    T. Wickersham
    
    
50
000
    
130
650

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
68
575

    
    
5
000
                                         
    
    
19
950

    
    
5
000
    
    
35
950

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
14
098
                                         
    
    
103
620

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
000
    
119
320

    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
25
000
    
68
575

    
    
5
000
                                         
    
    
19
950

Steve
    Shum
    
    
50
000
    
130
650

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
68
575

    
    
5
000
                                         
    
    
19
950

    
    
5
000
                                         
    
    
35
950

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
14
098
                                         
    
    
103
620

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
000
    
119
320

    
    
    
    
    
    

Robert
    Manfredonia
    
    
50
000
    
130
050

    
    
3
547
                                         
    
    
25
000

    
    
3
149
                                         
    
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
74
575




    
    
Represents
    the grant date fair value of each equity award calculated in accordance with ASC 718.

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over a 2-year period.

    
    
RSUs
    vested immediately.

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over a 3-year period.



    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year-End

The
following table sets forth all outstanding equity awards made to each of the Named Executive Officers that are outstanding as
of December 31
 2018.



    
    
Option
                                         Awards (1)

    
Grant
    Date
Number
                                         of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable
Number
                                         of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable
Option
                                         Exercise Price ($)
Option
    Expiration Date

Grover
    T. 
    
35
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
29
167
4
167
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
000
10
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
25
000
25
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
8
333
16
667
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
3
333
36
667
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Melissa
    Heim
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
7
500
2
500
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
223
1
111
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
5
000
5
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
8
333
16
667
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Steven
    Shum
    
14
167
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
000
5
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
25
000
25
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
8
333
16
667
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
3
333
36
667
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Robert
    Manfredonia
    
16
667
33
333
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
083
22
917
    
    




    
    
Options
    vest monthly over a 6-month period.

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over 2-year period

    
    
Options
    vest quarterly over 3-year period

    
(4)
    
Options
    vest over a 2-year period with 25% vesting in the first year following date of grant
 with no options vesting during the first
    6-months and 1/24th per month and 75% vesting in the second year following date of grant (3/48th/month).


Employment
Agreements

We
have agreements with certain of our named executive officers
 which include provisions regarding post-termination compensation.
We do not have a formal severance policy or plan applicable to our executive officers as a group. The following summaries of the
employment agreements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the employment agreements
 as amended
 which
have been filed as.

Employment
Agreement with Steve Shum

In
2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Shum
 which was amended in 2016. The agreement annually renews for one-year
terms.

The
agreement contains the following provisions among other terms: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with his employment; (ii) vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits; (iv)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (v) a severance payment equal to six months of base salary upon termination without
cause (as defined in the agreement). Mr. Shum is not entitled to increased severance in connection with a change of control.


    
    


Employment
Agreement with Melissa Heim

On
February 27
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Melissa Heim. The agreement is for an initial term ending on February
27
 2020 and one-year periods thereafter.

The
agreement contains the following provisions among other customary terms: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with her employment; (ii) paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance
benefits and (iv) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; (v) Ms. Heim is not entitled to increased severance in connection
with a change of control.

Employment
Agreement with Robert Manfredonia

Effective
December 6
 2018
 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Mr. Manfredonia. The agreement is
for an initial term ending on December 5
 2021 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $150
000.
Mr. Manfredonia is eligible to receive a bonus of $100
000 per annum
 which would be subject to Company results and individual
performance. In addition
 the Company will recommend to the compensation committee that it grant Mr. Manfredonia $37
500 worth
of restricted stock units within the first 5 days of the completion of each quarter. Each award will be immediately vested and
will be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Further
 Mr. Manfredonia may be eligible to receive
stock option grants pursuant to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 subject to the discretion of compensation committee. The agreement
also contains the following provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment
 along with a $500 per month car allowance; (ii) benefits and perquisites available to other
senior executives of the Company; and (iii) a severance payment upon termination without cause.


    
    


Potential
Payments upon Termination

Under
the terms of the employment agreements for Mr. Shum
 Ms. Heim and Mr. Manfredonia
 they are each entitled to a severance payment
of six (6) month&rsquo;s salary at the then-applicable base salary rate in the event that we terminate their employment without
cause.

The
following table sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to Mr. Shum
 Ms. Heim and Mr.
Manfredonia upon termination without cause. The potential payments are based on the terms of Mr. Shum&rsquo;s
 Ms. Heim&rsquo;s
and Mr. Manfredonia&rsquo;s employment agreements discussed above. For a more detailed description of the employment agreements
for Mr. Shum
 Ms. Heim and Mr. Manfredonia
 see the &ldquo;Employment Agreements&rdquo; section above.



    
Potential
upon
    

Steven
    Shum
75
000

Robert
    Manfredonia
75
000

Melissa
    Heim
42
500




    
Employee
    entitled to six months&rsquo; severance at the then applicable base salary rate.

    
Based
    on Mr. Shum&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $150
000.

    
Based
    on Mr. Manfredonia&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $150
000.

    
Based
    on Ms. Heim&rsquo;s current annual base salary.


Compensation
of Directors

2018
Director Compensation

During
2018
 the Board of Directors established an annual compensation program for the directors that includes; 1) an annual retainer
of $16
000 paid in cash in quarterly installments
 2) $5
000 in stock awards per quarter
 3) $2
500 cash payment for each board
chair
 which will be paid annually at the beginning of the year
 4) 1
000 for in-person board meetings and $500 for telephonic
board meetings and 5) 5
000 stock options per year. The following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by
or paid to our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31
 2018.




    
Fees
                                         Earned or Paid in Cash
                                                                                
Stock
                                         Awards
                                                                                
Option
                                         Awards
                                                                                
Total
    

Trent
    D. Davis
35
250
5
000
28
243
68
493

Michael
    M. Fleming
25
250
5
000
28
243
58
493

Jack
    Peterson
20
700
5
000
28
243
53
943

Shelly
    A. Saunders(1)
23
000
5
000
28
243
56
243

Matthew
    Szot
13
625
5
000
11
405
30
030

Patrick
    Crowley
5
000
5
000
11
190
21
190

David
    Holmes
5
500
5
000
11
190
21
690




    
    

    19
 2019.

    
    

    of 810 RSUs
 valued using the closing stock price as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the respective dates of grant.
    As of December 31
 2018
 the RSU&rsquo;s granted were fully vested. As of December 31
 2018
 there were no unvested RSUs held
    by each non-employee directors.

    
(3)
    
the
of
    non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan. This includes two separate grants during the year
 for the purchase up to
    7
500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.99 per share and for the purchase of up to 5
000 shares of common
    stock at an exercise price of $7.87 per share as of January 11
 2018 and October 15
 2018 respectively without regards to
    forfeitures
The
    assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options are set forth in Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
    Statements on page 52. As of December 31
 2018
 the total number of shares of outstanding stock options held by each non-employee
    director were as follows: Mr. Davis
 19
537; Mr. Fleming
 19
537; Mr. Peterson
 20
000; Ms. Saunders
 20
000; Mr. Szot
 5
000;
    Mr. Crowley
 5
000; and Mr. Holmes 5
000.

    
    
Represents
    a grant of non-qualified stock options under the 2016 Plan to purchase up to 5
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price
    of $7.87 per share to each of our non-employee directors as of October 13
 2016 without regards to forfeitures
 computed in
The
    assumptions used to calculate the value of the stock options are set forth in Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
    Statements on page 52.


Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information as of March 28
 2019 as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5% of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive
officers and directors and of all of our officers and directors as a group. As of March 28
 2019
 we had 9
102
297 shares of common
stock outstanding.

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Except in
cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe that each stockholder identified
in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder.


    
    


Shares
of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of March
28
 2019 are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person.



    
Number
    of
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Name
    And
    
    

Address
    (1)
    
    

    
    
    

5%
    Stockholders:
    
    

Glenbrook
    Capital (2)
811
729
    

Orca
    Investment Management (3)
649
018
    

    
    
    

Officers
    and Directors:
    
    

Grover
    T. Wickersham (4)
757
246
    

Michael
    Fleming
44
644
    

Trent
    Davis
36
977
    

Jack
    Peterson
72
444
    

Matthew
    Szot
5
810
    

David
    Holmes
3
310
    

Patrick
    Crowley
3
310
    

Melissa
    Heim
42
663
    

Robert
    Manfredonia
28
270
    

Steven
    Shum
108
175
    

    
    
    

All
    directors and officers as a group (10 persons)
1
102
849
    




    
    
Unless
    otherwise noted
 the address is c/o Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 1002 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.

    
    
The
    address is 430 Cambridge Avenue
 Suite #100
 Palo Alto
 California 94306. Glenbrook Capital
 L.P. (&ldquo;Glenbrook&rdquo;)
    is a Nevada limited partnership
 the general partner of which is Glenbrook Capital Management
 a Nevada corporation (&ldquo;GCM&rdquo;).
    Glenbrook is overseen by its executive officers and a board of directors consisting of four directors. Grover T. Wickersham
    our &nbsp;Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 is the owner of GCM. However
 he does not direct the voting or disposition
    of the shares owned by Glenbrook. GCM disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities owned by Glenbrook Limited Partnership
    except to the extent of its pecuniary interest in the limited partnership.

    
    
The
    address is 2250 Aviation Drive
 Suite 3
 Roseburg
 Oregon 97470

    
    
The
    shares of common stock include (i) 157
037 shares held directly; (ii) 238
728 shares owned by an employee profit sharing plan
    of Mr. Wickersham&rsquo;s former law firm
 for which he formerly served as trustee; (iii) 60
370 shares owned by a charitable
    remainder trust
 for which he serves as co-trustee and a beneficiary; and (iv) 45
856 shares owned by his minor daughter&rsquo;s
    irrevocable trust
 for which he serves as trustee.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 150
253 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 105
002 shares of common
    stock issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 9
334 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 19
537 shares issuable
    upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 5
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently-exercisable warrants and (ii) 19
537 shares issuable
    upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    (i) 9
400 shares of common stock held directly or indirectly by Mr. Peterson and (ii) 46
169 shares of common stock owned
    by Sandstrom Partners
 of which Mr. Peterson is the current CEO (iii) 16
875 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
    of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    5
000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    2
500 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    2
500 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    28
613 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    25
000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.

    
    
Includes
    80
279 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options exercisable on or before May 27
 2019.




    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.
under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31
 2018:

Equity
Compensation Plan Information



    
    
    
    

Plan
    Category
Number
securities
issued
exercise
options
warrants
                                         and
average
price
options
and
                                         rights
Number
available
issuance
plans
securities
in
                                         column (a))

Equity
    compensation plans approved by security holders (1) (2)
895
858
    
2
267

Equity
    compensation plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
895
858
    
2
267



    
    
2015
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2015
    Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2015
    Plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. At December 31
 2018
 there were 49
584 options issued under the Plan outstanding
    with vesting schedules varying between immediate and
 one (1) year from the grant date
 which options vest at the rate of
    at least 25 percent in the first year
 starting six months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.

    
    
    

    
    
2016
    Stock Incentive Plan
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;).
    The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan was initially
    set at 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017 and pursuant to the plan provisions
 the number of shares
    available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of the number of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s
    capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the
    Board of Directors approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of the common stock that may
    be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Aggregate Limit&rdquo;) by an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total
    of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant
    pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the
    &ldquo;Individual Option Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii) increase the number of shares of common
    stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &ldquo;Individual Award Limit&rdquo;) under the
    2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number of shares of common stock
    that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance compensation
    awards under the 2016 Plan (the &ldquo;Individual Performance Award Limit&rdquo;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 which
    amendments were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. On January 1
 2018
 pursuant to the plan
    provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan further reset to 1
131
880 shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
    exercise price per share of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&rsquo;s
    common stock on the date of grant.&nbsp;&nbsp;At December 31
 2018
 there were 904
249 options and 225
780 restricted stock
    units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) issued under the 2016 Plan
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate and five (5) years
    from the grant date.



    
    


Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2017 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000
or one percent (1%) of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related
person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity and other compensation
 termination and other
arrangements which are described above under the headings &ldquo;Compensation of Directors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Executive Compensation.&rdquo;
As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 there are no proposed transactions as described in the foregoing sentence.

On
June 2
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased 15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock
and one three-year common stock purchase warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of
$59
237 in cash.

On
August 10
 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one
share of common stock and one Public Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash. On August 9
 2018
 Mr. Wickersham
and his affiliates exercised the 55
555 warrants associated with the 2017 unit offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share
for total proceeds of approximately $300
000.

On
August 23
 2017
 our Board appointed Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.
Mr. Peterson is also the President of Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating
sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom Partners and tasked them with reviewing the Company&rsquo;s current product portfolio
 as
well as its new ideas
 and advising it with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally
and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom Partner&rsquo;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
brand identity
 package design
 environments
 advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000
in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise
price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a Black-Scholes value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services
rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company. We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000
(at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2018. On August 11
 2018
 we issued 42
000 shares of common stock to Sandstrom
in connection with the exercise of their 42
000 warrants in exchange for services rendered.

On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. Wickersham Employees&rsquo; Profit Sharing Plan (&ldquo;PSP&rdquo;) purchased from us a promissory
note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest
is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering
of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &ldquo;Future
Financing&rdquo;)
 all amount due under this Promissory Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business days of the
final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Promissory Note in connection
with a Future Financing
 at the option of PSP
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered
in the Future Financing. PSP used a balance of $379
750 to purchase the Company&rsquo;s new private offering of notes with warrants.
The remaining principal balance of $85
000 was paid in April 2018. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable
monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on
May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new offering
 PSP was issued 37
975 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August
9
 2018
 PSP exercised the 37
975 warrants at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due. $174
685
remained outstanding on the note.


    
    


On
December 29
 2017
 the Grover T. and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &ldquo;Wickersham Trust&rdquo;) purchased
from us a promissory note bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &ldquo;Promissory Note&rdquo;) for aggregate consideration
of $179
300. Interest is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private
or public offering of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million
(a &ldquo;Future Financing&rdquo;)
 all amount due under the Promissory Note shall become due and payable within five (5) business
days of the final closing of such Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under the Promissory
Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of Wickersham Trust
 the principal amount due and payable may be used
to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing. During the first quarter of 2018
 the Wickersham Trust used
the balance to purchase the Company&rsquo;s new private offering of notes with warrants. The new promissory notes bear interest
at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest
is due and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new offering
 the Wickersham Trust was issued 17
930 warrants
exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 the Wickersham Trust exercised the 17
930 warrants at $5.40 per share
in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due. $82
478 remained outstanding on the note.

We
believe that the foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into
only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate
review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis
 and
 where appropriate
 we will utilize our audit committee for
the review of potential conflicts of interest.

Director
Independence

Generally
under the listing requirements and rules of NASDAQ
 independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company&rsquo;s
board of directors. Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review of its composition
 the composition of its committees and the
independence of each director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Trent Davis
 Michael Fleming
 Matthew Szot
 Patrick
Crowley and David Holmes are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ listing standards. Accordingly
 a majority of our
directors is independent
 as required under applicable NASDAQ rules. In making this determination
 our Board of Directors considered
the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence
 including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock
by each non-employee director. In making this determination
 the Board of Directors considered all transactions set forth under
&ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo; above.

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

Audit
Fees

M&amp;K
CPAS
 PLLC (&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) billed us $15
000 in progress fees for our 2018 annual audit
 $20
000 in fees for the
completion of our 2017 audit
 and $7
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in 2018. M&amp;K billed
us $9
000 in progress fees for our 2017 annual audit and $6
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in
2017. BPM LLP billed us $24
000 in fees for our 2017 quarterly financial statements.


    
    


Audit
Related Fees

We
paid fees to M&amp;K and BPM LLP for assurance and related services of $30
500 and $26
400 related to other SEC filings in 2018
and 2017
 respectively.

Tax
Fees

For
the years ended each of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by BPM LLP and M&amp;K were
$0.


Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures

We
have implemented pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures
our audit committee pre-approves all services to be provided by M&amp;K LLP and the estimated fees related to these services.

All
audit
 audit related
 and tax services were pre-approved by the audit committee
 which concluded that the provision of such services
by M&amp;K LLP was compatible with the maintenance of that firm&rsquo;s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions.
Our pre-approval policies and procedures provide for the audit committee&rsquo;s pre-approval of specifically described audit
audit-related
 and tax services on an annual basis
 but individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds
must be separately approved. The policies and procedures also require specific approval by the audit committee if total fees for
audit-related and tax services would exceed total fees for audit services in any fiscal year. The policies and procedures authorize
the audit committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services.

Item
15. EXHIBITS.



    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX



    
        
    
Description
    of Document

3.1
    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
    
 filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November 25
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.


3.3
    
    
Certificate of Designation &ndash; Series A Preferred Stock
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 9
 2016 and filed on March 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amendment to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 1
 2016 and filed on June 9
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6
 2016 and filed on October 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14
 2017 and filed on June 15
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 13
 2016 and filed on October 19
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.



    
    




    
    
Form of the Registrant&rsquo;s common stock certificate
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-215848) (the &ldquo;2017 S-1 Registration Statement&rdquo;) filed on July 7
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Form of Warrant to purchase common stock (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2)
 filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 

    
    
Common Stock Purchase Warrant
 filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Form of Underwriter Warrant
 filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21
 2018 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Eastside Distilling
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated October 5
 2015 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1
 2015 and filed on October 6
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 4
2016 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4
 2016 and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 27
 2015 between Melissa Heim and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&rsquo;s 2017 Registration Statement
 filed on February 1
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease
    Agreement dated February 1
 2017 between NW Flex Space LLC and the Registrant *

    
    
Lease
    Amendment dated October 30
 2018 between NW Flex Space LLC and the Registrant *

    
    
Lease
    Agreement dated September 21
 2017 between Eastbank Commerce Center
 LLC and the Registrant *

    
    
Purchase and Assignment of Membership Interests
 Assumption of Obligations
 Agreement to be Bound by Limited Liability Company Agreement and Admission of Substituted Member among the Registrant
 Allen Barteld and MotherLode
 LLC
 dated as of March 8
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K and filed on March 14
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jarrett Catalani dated as of July 1
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s 2017 Registration Statement
 filed on July 21
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Underwriting Agreement between the Registrant and Roth Capital Partners
 as representative of the several underwriters
 dated August 10
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on August 10
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended and Restated Redneck Riviera License Agreement dated May 31
 2018
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on August 13
 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. **

    
    
Form
    of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. 5% Promissory Note dated March 2018*

    
    
Credit and Security Agreement dated May 10
 2018 between the Registrant and the KFK Children&rsquo;s Trust - Jeffrey Anderson - Trustee
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on May 14
 2018 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Underwriting Agreement
 dated November 20
 2018 between the Registrant and Roth Capital Partners
 LLC as representative of the underwriters set forth on Schedule I thereto
 filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on November 21
 2018 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Merger Agreement
 dated January 11
 2019 between the Registrant
 Craft Acquisition Co LLC
 Craft Canning LLC
 Owen Lingley
 and the other parties thereto
 filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 14
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.&nbsp;&nbsp;

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Employment Agreement with Robert Manfredonia *

    
    
Code of Ethics
 filed as Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033)
 filed on February 11
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant *

    
    
Consent
    of M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 independent registered public accounting firm.*

31.1
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).*

    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*




    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document




    
        
Filed
                                         herewith.
onfidential
        status has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request filed April
        2
 2017. Such provisions have been separately filed with the Commission.

    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan.



    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Grover Wickersham

    
    
Grover
    Wickersham

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Steve Shum

    
    
Steve
    Shum

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Grover Wickersham
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
March
    28
 2019

Grover
    Wickersham
    
and
    Director
    
    

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Steve Shum
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
March
    28
 2019

Steve
    Shum
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Mick Fleming
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

Mick
    Fleming
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Trent Davis
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

Trent
    Davis
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew Szot
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

Matthew
    Szot
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Patrick Crowley
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

Patrick
    Crowley
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    David Holmes
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

David
    Holmes
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Jack Peterson
    
    
    
March
    28
 2019

Jack
    Peterson
    
    
    
    



    
    













     





NW
Flex Space Lease Agreement

This
Warehouse Space Lease Agreement (this &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;) is entered into by and between NW Flex Space LLC
 an Oregon limited
liability company (&ldquo;Lessor&rdquo;)
 and Motherlode LLC
 an Oregon Limited Liability Corporation (&ldquo;Lessee&rdquo;).
Lessor is the tenant under that certain Lease Agreement with Financial Growth Technologies LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
(&ldquo;Master Lessor&rdquo;) dated November 1st
 2016 (the &ldquo;Master Lease&rdquo;) for that certain property located at 2000
SE Hanna Harvester Dr.
 Milwaukie
 OR 97222 (the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). Lessee desires to sublease certain space at the Property
from Lessor. Lessor is willing to sublease that space to Lessee on the terms and conditions set fort in this NW Flex Space Lease
Agreement (this &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;).

1.
Premises.
 and Lessee leases from Lessor
 approximately 9
222 square feet of industrial space (the
&ldquo;Premises&rdquo;) in the building (the &ldquo;Building&rdquo;) located on the Property. A depiction of the Premises is shown
on Exhibit A attached hereto.

2.
Term.
 2017 (the &ldquo;Commencement Date&rdquo;) and will expire on
December 31st
 2018 (the &ldquo;Term&rsquo;1
 except as otherwise provided in Section 22 below.

3.
Rent. 
400 (&ldquo;Rent&rdquo;)
 payable in advance to Lessor on or before the Commencement Date and
on the first (1st) day of each month thereafter. Rent shall be payable without prior notice or demand
 without offset or deduction
at the address of Lessor set forth below. In the event that any Rent or other amount payable under this Lease is not received
by Lessor within five (5) days of the date it is due
 Lessee shall pay to Lessor (i) a late fee equal to the greater of $100 or
ten percent (10%) of the delinquent Rent (the &ldquo;Late Fee&rdquo;) and (ii) interest on such delinquent Rent at a rate equal
to the lesser of the prime rate of interest as published in the Wall Street Journal on the date that interest begins to accumulate
plus four percent (4%) or the highest rate allowed by law from the date that such delinquent Rent was due through the date that
such delinquent Rent is actually received by Lessor. Rent shall be prorated for any part of the Term that is a partial month.
Lessee acknowledges that late payment by Lessee to Lessor of any Rent due hereunder will cause Lessor to incur costs not contemplated
by this Lease
 the exact amount of which will be extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs may include
 without limitation
processing and accounting charges and late charges which may be imposed on Lessor under the terms of any Master Lease or any mortgage.
The parties hereby agree that the Late Fee represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs incurred by Lessor by reason
of the late payment by Lessee. Acceptance of any Late Fee by Lessor shall in no event constitute a waiver of Lessee&rsquo;s default
with respect to the overdue amount in question
 nor prevent Lessor from exercising any of the other rights and remedies granted
hereunder.

4.
Utilities; Taxes. 
 including natural gas
 electricity
high- peed wi-fi
 alarm monitoring
 garbage service
 bottled water service
 bathroom cleaning and stocking
 and water/sewer. Lessee
shall pay when due all personal property taxes assessed on Lessee&rsquo;s personal property. Lessor is responsible for payment
of real property taxes on the Property. All subtenants of the Property are expected to keep utility expenses as low as possible.
Lessee will only be responsible for any excessive use of utilities
 as determined by Lessor in its reasonable discretion. Any
charges by Lessor for Lessee&rsquo;s excessive use of utilities will be due within ten (10) days after notice from Lessor is received
trash in Lessor&rsquo;s designated trash receptacles for the Building. Lessee shall
pay to Lessor on demand for the costs of removal from the Premises and the Building of any refuse and rubbish of Lessee in excess
of that ordinarily accumulated in a typical Building occupancy. Lessee shall comply with any and all recycling programs required
by Law (defined below) or generally imposed on all tenants by Lessor.


    
    



5.
Lessee&rsquo;s Insurance. 
 at its sole cost and expense
 shall secure and maintain throughout the Term (a) commercial
general liability insurance
 insuring both Lessor and Lessee against death and personal injuries to one or more persons and damage
to property occurring on the Premises or the Property or in connection with Lessee&rsquo;s use and occupancy of the Premises in
an amount equal to not less than One Million and 00/100 DOLLARS ($1
000
000) combined single limit per occurrence
 (b) fire
 casualty
and extended coverage insurance covering all equipment and personal property of Lessee on or about the Premises
 insuring Lessee
for full insurable value thereof on a replacement cost basis
 and (c) worker&rsquo;s compensation insurance if required by Jaw.
Prior to the Commencement Date
 Lessee shall furnish to Lessor a certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage with Lessor
and Master Lessor Property Owner named as additional insureds
 which certificate shall contain a provision to the effect that
such coverage may not be canceled
 materially changed or not renewed without at least ten (10) days&rsquo; prior written notice
to Lessor. Lessee acknowledges Lessor is not responsible for carrying insurance covering Lessee&rsquo;s property.

6.
Waiver of Subrogation. 
 or endorsements upon
 each insurance policy obtained by
Lessee which cover or are applicable to the Premises or the personal property
 fixtures and equipment located therein
 pursuant
to which the insurance companies waive subrogation or permit the insureds
 prior to any loss
 to agree with a third party to waive
any claim they might have against said third party without invalidating the coverage under the insurance policies. Lessee&rsquo;s
waiver of subrogation or permission for waiver of any claim shall extend to Lessor and the Lessor Related Parties (defined below).
Lessee releases Lessor and the Lessor Related Parties in respect of any claim which they might otherwise have against them for
loss
 damage or other casualty occurring during the Term and covered under a fire insurance policy with extended coverage endorsement
in the form normally used in respect of similar property in the Portland
 Oregon
 metropolitan area.

7.
Subordination.

7.1
 This Lease
 and all rights of Lessee hereunder
 are and shall be subject and subordinate to any ground leases
or master leases covering the Property and/or the Building now or hereafter existing
 including
 without limitation
 the Master
Lease
 and to all mortgages
 trust deeds and other financing and security instruments (&ldquo;Mortgages&rdquo;)
 which may now
or hereafter affect the Property and/or the Building
 and to all renewals
 modifications
 replacements and extensions of such
master leases and Mortgages. This Section shall be self-operative
 and no further instrument of subordination shall be required.
In confirmation of such subordination
 Lessee shall execute
 acknowledge
 and deliver to Lessor any instrument that Lessor may
reason bly request to evidence such subordination within ten (10) days after a request therefor. If the interest of Lessor under
this Lease is transferred
 whether through possession
 foreclosure or delivery of a new lease or deed
 then Lessee shall recognize
the party succeeding to Lessor&rsquo;s rights and obligations (the &ldquo;Successor Lessor&rdquo;) as the Lessor under this Lease
and shall promptly execute and deliver any instrument that such Successor Lessor may reasonably request to evidence such attornment
Upon such attornment
 Lessee&rsquo;s rights hereunder shall continue in full force and effect as a direct Lease between the Successor
Lessor and Lessee upon all of the terms
 conditions and covenants as set forth in this Lease so long as Lessee is not in default.


    
    


7.2
This Lease is subject and subordinate to the Master Lease and to the rights of present and future lenders
of Master Lessor. Lessee agrees for the benefit of Master Lessor and any of its lenders not to make any claim against Master Lessor
regarding this Lease
 the Premises
 or the property other than those claims arising by reason of the negligence or intentional
misconduct of Master Lessor. Lessee agrees to indemnify and defend Master Lessor and its lenders from any claim arising at the
Premises through the fault of Lessee. Without limiting the foregoing
 Lessee agrees to attorn to Master Lessor in the event of
termination of the Master Lease.

8.
Permitted Use; Right To Sublease; Alterations. 
but not limited to
 blending
 bottling and warehousing and for no other purpose without Lessor&rsquo;s prior written consent
which may be withheld in Lessor&rsquo;s sole discretion. Lessee has the right to sublease
 with written consent from Lessor
Lessee shall not commit waste on the
Premises _ or the Property. No alterations
 additions or improvements shall be made to the Premises
 and no equipment or
fixtures shall be installed in the Premises
 without Lessor&rsquo;s prior written consent
 which may be withheld in
Lessor&rsquo;s sole discretion. Use of the Premises and the Property shall be subject to rules and regulations adopted by
Lessor from time to time. Lessee shall not
 without the prior written consent of Lessor
 use any apparatus
 machinery or
device in or about the Premises which will cause any noise
 vibration
 fumes or electronic interference or which will
overload the floors or structure of the Premises. Lessee shall not at any time use or occupy
 or suffer or permit anyone to
use or occupy the Premises
the Premises
 in any manner which: (a) violates the
certificate of occupancy for the Premises or for the Building; or (b) causes or is liable to cause injury to the Premises or
the Building or any equipment
 facilities or systems therein; or (c) constitutes a violation of all laws
 codes
 ordinances
rules
 statutes
 regulations
or the
requirements of insurance bodies; or (d) impairs or tends to impair the character
 reputation or appearance of the Building;
or (e) impairs or tends to impair the proper and economic maintenance
 operation and repair of the Building and/or its
equipment
 facilities or systems; or (f) annoys or inconveniences or tends to annoy or inconvenience other tenants or
occupants of the Property; or (g) generates
 uses
 releases
 stores
 or deposits on or about the Premises any
environmentally hazardous or toxic substances
 chemical materials
 wastes
 pollutants
 chemicals
 gases
 oils
 or
contaminants
 as defined by any Law or the exposure to or release of which is regulated by any Law (collectively
&ldquo;Hazardous Materials&rdquo;). Notwithstanding the foregoing
 lessee may handle
 store
 use or dispose of products
containing quantities of Hazardous Materials necessary for the use of the Premises for business purposes; provided that
lessee shall always handle
 store
 use
 and dispose of any such Hazardous Materials in a safe and lawful manner.

9.
Hazardous Substances.
 the Building and the common areas of the Property free from contamination
by or from any Hazardous Materials.


    
    



10.
Compliance With Laws.
 and with the terms
of any laws applicable to Lessee or to Lessee&rsquo;s use of the Premises
 the Building and the co mon areas of the Property
and Lessee shall indemnify
 defend and save Lessor harmless from any and all penalties
 fines
 costs or other damages
 including
without limitation
 attorney&rsquo;s fees
 resulting from its failure to do so. Lessee shall not carry on any unlawful business
in or about the Premises
 and shall not carry on any business or activity which would endanger the Premises or any portion thereof
from fire or cause a forfeiture of any fire insurance that Lessor has or may have on the Building.

11.
Liability. 
 members or employees shall be liable for any injury to any person while on the
Premises
 the Building or the Property or for damage to property while located on the Premises
 the Building or the Property
whether owned or leased by Lessor
 Lessee or third parties
 whether caused by or resulting from any act
 omission or negligence
of Lessor or any of its respective agents
 servants
 or employees
 or by other tenants of the Building
 or by fire
 or by any
other casualty or condition existing on or resulting to the Premises
 the Building or the Property during the Term (except for
acts caused by the willful misconduct of Lessor or Lessor&rsquo;s agents or employees)
 nor shall Lessor nor its manager
 members
or employees be liable in any claim for damages by reason of inconvenience or interruption to the business of Lessee
 irrespective
of the cause therefor (except for acts caused by willful misconduct of Lessor or Lessor&rsquo;s agents or employees). Lessee shall
maintain all of the insurance policies and coverages referred to in this Lease against any loss or liability on account of any
such claim.

12.
Indemnification. 
 indemnify
 and hold harmless Lessor
and all parties to the Master Lease (the &ldquo;Lessor Related Parties&rdquo;) from and against any and all claims
 losses
 liabilities
damages
 response costs and expenses of any nature
 including
 without limitation
 an attorneys&rsquo; fees and expenses whatsoever
arising out of or in any way related to (a) the conduct or management of the Premises or any business therein
 or any condition
created (other than by Lessor or the Lessor Related Parties) in or about the Premises; (b) any act
 omission or negligence of
Lessee or any of its agents
 affiliates
 members
 employees
 visitors
 invitees or contractors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lessee
Related Parties&rdquo;); (c) any accident
 injury or damage whatever (unless caused by Lessor&rsquo;s or the Lessor Related Parties&rsquo;
negligence or intentional act) occurring in
 at or upon the Premises; or (d) any breach or default by Lessee in the full and prompt
payment and performance of Lessee&rsquo;s obligations under this Lease; together with all costs
 expenses and liabilities incurred
or in connection with each such claim or action or proceeding brought thereon
 including
 without limitation
 all attorneys&rsquo;
fees and expenses the generation
 release
 storage
 or deposit of Hazardous Materials on the Property by Lessee or by any Lessee
Related Party including
 but not limited to: (i) claims of third parties
 including governmental authorities
 for damages
 response
costs
 injunctive or other relief; (ii) the cost
 expense or loss to Lessor of any injunctive relief
 including preliminary or
temporary injunctive relief
 applicable to Lessor or the Premises; (iii) the expense
 including fees of attorneys
 engineers
paralegals and experts for identifying and reporting the existence of Hazardous Materials to any agency of the State of Oregon
or the United States as required by applicable Laws; and (iv) any and all expenses or obligations
 incurred before
 during and
after any trial or appeal therefrom or any administrative proceeding or appeal therefrom whether or not taxable as costs
 including
without limitation
 attorneys&rsquo; and paralegal fees
 witness fees (expert and otherwise)
 deposition costs
 copying and telephone
charges and other expenses
 all of which shall be paid by Lessee promptly after Lessor incurs the obligation to pay such amounts.


    
    



13.
Assignment
 or sublet the Premises
 without Lessor&rsquo;s prior written consent
which may be withheld by Lessor in its sole discretion.

14.
Surrender; Holdover. 
 Lessee shall surrender the Premises broom clean and
free of all debris and in the same condition as at the Commencement Date
 subject only to reasonable wear from ordinary use. Lessee
shall remove all of its personal property
 and shall remove any alterations or improvements made by Lessee if required by Lessor
and Lessee shall repair all damage resulting from such removal. Failure to remove shall be an abandonment of the property
 and
Lessor may remove or dispose of it in any manner without liability
 and recover the cost of removal and other damages from Lessee.
If Lessee fails to vacate the Premises when required
 including failure to remove all its personal property
 Lessor may elect
to either: (i) continue to treat Lessee as a tenant from month to month
 subject to the provisions of this Lease
 except that
Rent shall be twice the Rent being charged when the Lease term expired; or (ii) eject Lessee from the Premises (using self-help
or &lsquo;otherwise) and recover damages caused by wrongful holdover.

15.
AS-IS. 
 with no alterations or other work to be
performed by Lessor. Lessee has inspected the Premises and is satisfied with the size
 location and condition of the Premises.
Lessee acknowledges that Lessor does not warrant that it will install or operate any security alarm system or provide other security
for the Premises.

16.
Right of Entry.
Lease and make any necessary repairs
 and in the event of an emergency.

17.
Lessee&rsquo;s Property.
 machinery and equipment
 communications equipment and
office equipment which are installed in the Premises by or for the account of Lessee without expense to Lessor and which can be
removed without structural damage to the Building and all furniture
 furnishings (excluding window coverings) and other articles
of movable personal property owned by Lessee and located in the Premises (&ldquo;Lessee&rsquo;s Property&rdquo;) shall be and
remain the property of Lessee
 may be removed by Lessee at any time during the Term
 and shall be removed prior to the termination
date of this Lease; provided
 that if any of Lessee&rsquo;s Property is removed
 Lessee shall repair or pay the cost of repairing
any damage to the Premises or to the Property resulting from the installation and/or removal thereof.

18.
Lessee&rsquo;s Obligations.
 at its expense
 throughout the Term
 take good care of the Premises
 the fixtures
and appurtenances therein and Lessee&rsquo;s Property. Lessee
 at its expense
 shall promptly replace all scratched
 damaged or
broken doors in and about the Premises and shall be keep the Premises broom-clean and in good condition. Lessee shall be responsible
for the cost of all repairs
 interior and exterior
 structural and non-structural
 ordinary and extraordinary
 in and to the Premises
and the Building and the facilities and systems thereof
 the need for which arises out of the moving of Lessee&rsquo;s Property
in or out of the Building; or the act
 omission
 misuse or neglect of Lessee or any of its subtenants or its or their employees
agents
 contractors or invitees. Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for all such costs within ten (10) days after receipt of notice
from Lessor of such expenditures
 including a copy of the invoice(s).


    
    



19.
Abandonment. 
at the option of Lessor
 may be deemed to have been abandoned
 and in such case such items may &middot;be retained by Lessor
and Lessor may deal with Lessee&rsquo;s Property in such manner as Lessor shall determine
 at Lessee&rsquo;s expense.

20.
Casualty; Condemnation.

20.1
 If the Building shall be destroyed or damaged by fire or other casualty to the extent that more than ten percent
(10%) of the Building
 as determined by Lessor
 is rendered untenantable
 or if the cost of restoration is greater than the insurance
proceeds paid to Lessor
 Lessor may
 at its election
 terminate this Lease by notice to Lessee. Such notice shall be effective
thirty (30) days after receipt thereof by Lessee. If Lessor does not so terminate the Lease
 the Lease shall remain in full force
and effect and Lessor shall be responsible for restoration of the Building. Any restoration by Lessor shall not include replacement
of furniture
 equipment or other items designated as Lessee&rsquo;s Property. Lessee shall be responsible for restoration of Lessee&rsquo;s
Property.

20.2


20.2.1
 If the whole of the Building or the Premises shall be taken by condemnation or in any other manner
for any public or quasi-public use or purpose
 (including a sale under threat of condemnation) this Lease shall terminate as of
the date of vesting of title on such taking (the &ldquo;Date of Taking&rdquo;)
 and Rent shall be prorated and adjusted as of
Date of Taking.

20.2.2
 If a part of the Building shall be so taken
 this Lease shall be unaffected by such taking
 except
that:

(a)
Lessor may
 at its option
 terminate this Lease by giving Lessee notice to that effect within thirty (30) days after the Date
of Taking; and

(b)
If twenty percent (20%) or more of the Premises shall be so taken and the remaining area of the Premises shall not be reasonably
sufficient for Lessee to continue feasible operation of its business
 Lessee may terminate this Lease by giving Lessor notice
to that effect within thirty (30) days after the Date of Taking.

(c)
If the Lease is terminated pursuant to this Section 20.2
 the Lease shall terminate on the date that notice of termination from
the Lessor or Lessee to the other is given
 and Rent shall be prorated and adjusted as of such termination date. Upon a partial
taking of the Premises where the Lease is not terminated pursuant to this Section 20.2
 this Lease shall continue in force as
to the remaining part of the Premises
 and Rent shall be adjusted according to the rentable area remaining.


    
    



20.2.3
 Lessor shall be entitled to receive the entire award or payment in connection with any taking without deduction
therefrom for any estate vested in Lessee by this Lease and
Lessee shall receive no part of such award. Lessee shall have no claim against Lessor or the condemning authority for the unexpired
portion of the Term. Nothing contained in this Section 20.2.3 shall be deemed to prevent Lessee from making a separate claim proceeding
for the value of any of Lessee&rsquo;s Property which is included in the taking.

21.
Default and Remedies.
of the essence of this Lease): (i) Lessee&rsquo;s failure to pay Rent or any other payment under this Lease within five (5) days
after written notice from Lessor; provided
 however
 that Lessor shall not be required to give such written notice more than twice
in any 12-month period
 (ii) Lessee&rsquo;s failure to comply with any other provision of this Lease within fifteen (15) days
following written notice from Lessor specifying the noncompliance
 (iii) Lessee&rsquo;s insolvency
 assignment for the benefit
of its creditors
 commencement of proceedings under any provision of any bankruptcy or insolvency law
 or the appointment of a
receiver for Lessee&rsquo;s properties
 or (iv) Lessee&rsquo;s vacation or abandonment of the Premises without the written consent
of Lessor. Upon any default
 Lessor shall have the right to the following remedies
 which are intended to be cumulative and in
addition to any other remedies provided under applicable law or under this Lease: (a) Lessor may at its option terminate this
Lease
 without prejudice to its right to damages for Lessee&rsquo;s breach
 (b) with or without termination
 Lessor may enter
and retake possession of the Premises by any means (including self- help) and may use or relet the Premises without accepting
a surrender or waiving the right to damages
 (c) Lessor may recover aJI damages caused by Lessee&rsquo;s default
 including but
not limited to an amount equal to delinquent Rent and future Rent Jost because of the default.

22.
Estoppel Certificates. 
 with not less than ten (10) days&rsquo;
prior notice
 to execute and deliver to the other a statement certifying that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect
(or if there have been modifications
 that the Lease is in full force and effect as modified and stating the modifications)
 certifying
the dates to which the Rent has been paid
 stating whether or not
 to the best knowledge of the signer
 the other party is in
default in performance of any of its obligations under this Lease
 and
 if so
 specifying each such default of which the signer
shall have knowledge
 and stating whether or not
 to the best knowledge of the signer
 any event has occurred which with the giving
of notice or passage of time
 or both
 would constitute such a default
 and
 if so
 specifying each such event; it being intended
that any such statement delivered pursuant hereto shall be deemed a representation and warranty to be relied upon by the party
requesting the certificate and by others with whom such party may be dealing
 regardless of independent investigation. Lessee
shall also include in any such statement such other information concerning this Lease as Lessor may reasonably request.

23.
Applicable Law.

24.
Deposit. 
400 (&ldquo;Security Deposit&rdquo;) in 3 equal
monthly payments in the first 3 months (February
 March and April 2017) with the execution of this Lease. The Security Deposit
may be commingled with other Funds of Lessor and shall not bear interest. In the event of the failure of Lessee to perform any
of its obligations under this Lease
 then Lessor
 at its option
 may apply the Security Deposit or as much as may be necessary
to compensate Lessor for loss or damage sustained by Lessor due to Lessee&rsquo;s breach. Should the Security Deposit or any part
thereof be so applied by Lessor
 then within five (5) days after written demand from
Lessor
 Lessee shall remit funds to Lessor to restore the Security Deposit to the original amount. If Lessee is not in default
of this Lease at termination
 Lessor shall return the unapplied portion of the Security Deposit to Lessee
 except for any amount
necessary to return the Premises to the condition it was originally delivered or to pay any amounts owed to Lessor hereunder.
In the event of an assignment of the Master Lease and this Sublease
 Lessor shall have the right to transfer the Security Deposit
to the assignee to be held under the terms of this Lease
 and Lessor shall thereupon be released from all liability for the return
of the Security Deposit; Lessee agrees to look solely to the Assignee for the return of the Security Deposit.


    
    



25.
Rules and Regulations.
 a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit B. Violations may result in the revocation of amenities and fines as set forth in the Rules
and Regulations. Updates to the Rules and Regulations may be adopted by Lessor at any time in Lessor&rsquo;s reasonable discretion
and Lessee shall comply with all such updates from and after receipt of a copy of the updated Code of Conduct
 except to the extent
that the Rules and Regulations directly conflict with the terms of this Lease (in which case the Lease terms shall control). Lessor
shall not be liable to Lessee for violation of the Rules and Regulations by any other tenant or its employees
 agents
 invitees
or licensees. If there is a conflict between any provision of this Lease and a provision of the Rules and Regulations
 the conflicting
provision in the Lease shall control.

26.
Successors and Assigns.
 the obligations of this Lease bind and benefit
the successors and assigns of the parties.

27.
Force Majeure.
 impaired or excused
 nor shall Lessor have
any liability whatsoever to Lessee
 because: Lessor is unable to fulfill
 or is delayed in fulfilling
 any of its obligations
under this Lease. by reason of strike
 other labor trouble
 governmental preemption of priorities or other controls in connection
with a national or other public emergency or shortages of fuel
 supplies or labor resulting therefrom
 terrorism
 threat of terrorism
or any other cause
 whether similar or dissimilar
 beyond Lessor&rsquo;s reasonable control; or of any failure or defect in the
supply
 quantity or character of electricity
 water or other utilities furnished to the Premises
 by reason of any requirement
act or omission of the public utility or others serving the Building with electric energy
 oil
 gas or water
 or for any other
reason whether similar or dissimilar
 beyond Lessor&rsquo;s reasonable control.

28.
Lessee Representations. 
 Lessee hereby represents
 covenants and warrants that
Lessee is duly formed and validly existing under the Laws of its state of formation; Lessee has full right and authority to enter
into this Lease and to perform all Lessee&rsquo;s obligations hereunder; and each person (and both of the persons if more than
one signs) signing this Lease on behalf of Lessee is duly and validly authorized to do so. &middot;

29.
Non-Waiver.
by Lessor. Lessor&rsquo;s waiver of a breach of any term or condition of this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent
breach. Acceptance of any Rents or other payments shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach.

30.
Square Footage Calculations Approximate.
Premises and in the Property are approximations. No recalculation of square footage shall affect the obligations of Lessee under
this Lease including
 without limitation
 the amount of Rent payable by Lessee.


    
    



31.
Time. 

32.
Financial Information. 
 Lessee shall furnish current and complete
financial statements to Lessor
 certified by Lessee as accurate and current
 showing with reasonably sufficient detail Lessee&rsquo;s
and any guarantor&rsquo;s financial condition. Lessor agrees to use such information solely for purposes of the Lease and in connection
with the ownership
 management
 financing and disposition of Lessor&rsquo;s property.

33.
Attorneys&rsquo; Fees.
 Lessee shall pay all such fees whether
or not litigation is filed. In the event a suit
 action
 arbitration
 or other proceeding of any nature whatsoever
 including
without limitation any proceeding under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code
 is instituted
 or the services of an attorney are retained
to interpret or enforce any provision of this Lease or with respect to any dispute relating to this Lease
 the prevailing or non-defaulting
party shall be entitled to recover from the losing or defaulting party its attorneys&rsquo;
 paralegals&rsquo;
 accountants&rsquo;
and other experts&rsquo; fees and all other fees
 costs
 and expenses actually incurred and reasonably necessary in connection
therewith. In the event of suit
 action
 arbitration
 or other proceeding
 the amount of such costs
 fees
 and expenses shall
be determined by the judge or arbitrator
 shall include fees and expenses incurred on any appeal or review
 and shall be in addition
to all other amounts provided by law.

34.
Severability. 
 invalid or unenforceable under present or future law effective
during the Term
 the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected thereby.

35.
Further Assurances. 
that are reasonably necessary
 in connection with the performance of its respective obligations hereunder
 to carry out the intent
of this Lease.

36.
Security. 
security
 Lessor is not warranting the effectiveness of any security personnel

 
shall not rely on any such personnel
 services
 procedures or equipment. Lessor shall not be liable for failure of any such security
personnel
 services
 procedures or equipment to prevent or control
 or to apprehend anyone suspected of
 personal injury or property
damage in
 on or around the Premises.

37.
Lessor&rsquo;s Work. 
ceiling (lessor will choose which at it&rsquo;s sole discretion)
 as shown in exhibit C
 if access is provided by lessee. Lessor
will complete the work within 60 days of lease execution.

38.
Option to Renew. 
year each on the same terms and conditions contained in the Lease
 except that Base Rent for the First and Second Extended Terms
shall be at current leasing rates for NW Flex Space. Lessee must provide written notice of exercising the option to renew no less
than three (3) months prior to the end of the current lease term.

39.
Complete Agreement.
and representations and there are no implied covenants or other agreements between the parties except as expressly set forth in
this Lease.


    
    






    
    



EXHIBIT
A

DEPICTION
OF PREMISES



    
    







    
    



EXHIBIT
B

RULES
AND REGULATIONS


    
    


Sublease
Consent

In
accordance with the lease between NW Flex Space LLC (lessor) and Motherlode LLC (lessor)
 NW Flex Space LLC consents to Motherlode
subleasing to Lamie Inc for the purposes of establishing an Alternating Premise Distilled Spirits Plant license for Lamie Inc
a Motherlode client. NW Flex Space LLC reserves the right to revoke this sublease consent if the terms of the lease or code of
conduct is violated.

The
use is in accordance with the permitted use granted to Motherlode for the operation of its business and makes no change to the
original lease or premises.

NW
Flex Space LLC

Portland
OR

Jimmy
Bruce
 Managing Member




    
    


Sublease
Consent

In
accordance with the lease between NW Flex Space LLC (lessor) and Motherlode LLC (lessor) NW Flex Space LLC consents to Motherlode
subleasing to Eastside Distillery for the purposes of establishing an Alternating Premise Distilled Spirits Plant license for
Eastside Distillery
 a Motherlode client. NW Flex Space LLC reserves the right to revoke this sublease consent if the terms of
the lease or code of conduct is violated.

The
use is in accordance with the permitted use granted to Motherlode for the operation of its business and makes no change to the
original lease or premises.

NW
Flex Space LLC
3901
SE Naef Rd.

Jimmy
Bruce
 Managing Member


    
    




NW
Flex Space   | Code of Conduct

1.
The halls
 passages
 exits
 entrances
 and loading docks of the Building
shall not be obstructed by any of the tenants or used for any purpose either than for ingress to and egress from their premises.
any common areas
 including conference room
 kitchen
 breakroom
 meeting
areas
 and reception/lounge areas.

2.
 The parking areas shall be used only for parking vehicles no longer than ful-l size passenger automobiles. The
maintenance of vehicles in the parking areas or Common Areas is prohibited. Tenant shall be responsible for seeing that all its
employees
 agents and invitees comply with the applicable parking rules
 regulations
 laws and agreements.

3.
 Tenants shall commit no act of waste or permit the accumulation of waste in or around the Building. Waste
that exceeds the amount available in the garbage or recycling receptacles provided by NW Flex Space
 is the responsibility of
the tenant.

4.
 Each tenant shall see that the doors of the premises are closed and locked
and that all water faucets or apparatus
 cooking facilities
 and warehouse equipment are shut off before the tenant or employees
leave the premises at night
 so as to prevent waste or damage. For any default or carelessness in this regard the tenant shall
be responsible for any damage sustained by other tenants or occupants of the Building or NW Flex Space. Tenants shall keep the
doors to the building corridors closed at all times except for ingress and egress.

5.

 Vendor or Contractor Services.
or contractor services for cleaning or repairing the premises
 unless otherwise approved by NW Flex Space. No tenant shall cause
any unnecessary labor because of carelessness or indifference in the preservation of good order and cleanliness.

6.
 Break room
 kitchen
 conference room
 reception and lounge areas shall be maintained in safe and
clean condition. No tenants will be permitted to disproportionately use the common areas or the data services.

7.
A sign
 placard
 picture
 name
 advertisement
 any tenant&rsquo;s
premises shall not be inscribed
 painted
 affixed
 or otherwise displayed by any tenant on any part of the building without the
NW Flex Space. All signage
 placards and pictures posted by NW Flex Space are to be referenced by the tenant
for informational and safety purposes.


    
    



8.
 Tenants shall be responsible for damage done to seeded areas grass
 shrubs and trees around
the building
 such as digging
 uprooting
 trampling
 etc.

9.
 Smoking is prohibited in the interiors of the Building on the property
 as well as areas immediately adjacent
to any ingress and egress to the Building. Tenants are required to restrict their smoking activities to the designated location.

10.
 To avoid damage to NW Flex Space or tenant property
 tenants must unlock
side latches before rolling up any dock high or grade level door. Tenants must ensure doors are up completely before driving any
vehicles in or out of warehouse and must regard the bumper guards when backing up a trailer.

11.
NW Flex Space will furnish each tenant
 free of charge
 one fob to access the Premises. NW Flex Space will charge
$10 for any additional fobs. No tenant shall have any fobs or keys made without the prior consent of NW Flex Space. No tenant
shall alter any lock or install a new or additional lock or any bolt on any door of the premises without the prior consent of
NW Flex Space. The tenant shall in each case furnish NW Flex Space with a key for any lock. Each tenant
 upon the termination
of the tenancy
 shall return all fobs and keys to the Building that have been furnished to the tenant.

12.

 Pollutants
 Heating/Air Conditioning and Pets.
any kerosene
 gasoline
 or inflammable or combustible fluid or material other than limited quantities reasonably necessary for
the operation or maintenance of equipment
 and may not
 without NW Flex Space&rsquo;s prior approval
 use any method of heating
or air conditioning other than that supplied by NW Flex Space. No tenant shall use or keep any foul
 noxious
 or hazardous gas
or substance in the premises
 or permit or suffer the premises to be occupied or used in a manner offensive or objectionable to
NW Flex Space or other occupants of the Building. Pets are prohibited in the building unless prior consent has been given by NW
Flex Space.

13.
 NW Flex Space reserves the right to exclude from the building between the hours of 6 p.m. and
7 a.m.
 at all hours on Saturdays and Sundays
 and legal holidays any person who does not present a proper access card or other
identification as a tenant or an employee of a tenant
 or who does not otherwise present proper authorization by a tenant for
access to the premises. Each tenant shall be responsible for all persons for whom it authorizes access and shall be liable to
NW Flex Space for all acts of these persons. NW Flex Space shall in no case be liable for damages for any error with regard to
the admission to or exclusion from the building of any person. No tenant and no employee or invitee of any tenant shall go on
the roof of the building.

14.
 Tenants shall not deface or alter in any way the walls
 partitions or other surfaces of
the Premises or the Building without consent from NW Flex Space.


    
    


15.
 The toilets
 urinals
 wash bowls
 and other restroom facilities shall not be used for any purpose
other than that for which they were constructed. No foreign substance of any kind shall be placed in them
 and the expense of
any breakage
 stoppage
 or damage resulting from the violation of this rule shall be borne by the tenant who
 or whose employees
or invitees
 have caused it. Contact NW Flex Space for restroom supply replenishment.

16.
 Except with the prior consent of NW Flex Space
 no tenant shall sell
 or permit
the sale at retail
 of any goods or merchandise to the general public in the premises
 nor shall the premises of any tenant be
used for any business or activity other than that specifically provided for in the tenant&rsquo;s lease.

17.
 Tenants shall not make or permit any noise or odors that annoy or interfere with other tenants or
persons having business within the Building. The use of musical instruments
 radios
 televisions
 and stereos shall not be operated
so as to harass
 annoy or inconvenience any other tenant.

18.
 Tenants are permitted to print or copy up to 300 black and white pages
 free of charge. Color copies
are not permitted. The tenant will be charged an overage fee of $0.15 per page for printing or copying more than the allotted
amount
 or in color. Hyperlinks in blue are considered a color copy.

19.

 Scissor Lift
 and Sweeper Machine. 
lift and sweeper machine are to be used by NW Flex Space personnel only unless authorized. For forklift certifications or repair
please contact NW Flex Space.

20.
 Contact NW Flex Space if purified water
 propane tanks
 bathroom or break room supplies need
to be replenished.

21.
 Tenants have access to cleaning supplies in the designated utility closet for cleaning spills. Refer to
map in the break room for utility closet location.

22.

 Roof leaks
 and Emergency Situations.
severe weather or roof leaks
 as well as any emergency situations on or near the property.

23.
First aid kits are located in each bathroom and below the sink in the kitchen. For information
on fire safety and the Building&rsquo;s evacuation plan
 tenants may refer to placard posted in the break room.

24.
NW Flex Space reserves the right to revise or make other rules and regulations as may be deemed advisable for
the safety
 care and cleanliness of the premises
 and for the preserving of good order therein.


    
    














     




NW
Flex Space
 LLC.
3901
SE Naef Rd.
Portland
Oregon 97267



October
30th
 2018

Grover
Wickersham
Eastside
Distilling (Motherload)
10100
SE Main St
 Milwaukie
 OR 97222



    
Lease
    Amendment # 5
 Additional Space Lease 


Dear
Grover:

Reference
is made to that certain lease effective February 1st
 2017 between NW Flex Space
 LLC as lessor and Eastside Distilling (aka Motherload)

 Milwaukie

recognized and agreed upon by both parties that said lease is being modified for the fifth time.

This
Amendment #5 is as follows:



    
    
Lease
    Term

    
    
    

    
    
Additional
    Space:




    
    
4
000

 Milwaukie
 OR 97222

    
    
    

    
    
See
    attached site plan &ldquo;Exhibit A&rdquo; depicting space




    
    
Base
    Rent
750 effective November 1st
 2018 bringing over all rent to $25
175

    
    
    

    
    
Security
    Deposit


All
other terms and conditions of the lease remain unchanged and in full effect.

Please
acknowledge by signing and dating this Amendment #5
 and returning one executed copy to us.

Sincerely



Jimmy
Bruce
 Managing Member
NW Flex Space
 LLC.


Grover
Wickersham
 Chairman/CEO



    
    













     



OFFICE
LEASE

1001
SE WATER AVENUE



Eastside
Distilling Inc

a
Nevada corporation Tenant



Eastbank
Commerce Center
 LLC

an
Oregon limited liability company




    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
PREMISES;
    DELIVERY
    

    
    
Lease
    of Premises
    

    
    
Delivery
    of Possession and Commencement
    

    
    
Early
    Access
    

    
    
Option
    to Extend Term
    

    
    
Right
    of First Offer
    

    
    
    
    

    
RENT
    PAYMENT
    

    
    
Base
    Rent
    

    
    
Abated
    Rent and Other Inducement Provisions
    

    
    
    
    

    
SECURITY
    DEPOSIT
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Signs
    and Other installations
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
UTILITIES
    SERVICES
 SECURITY
    

    
    
Utilities
    and Services
    

    
    
Data
    and Information Sharing for Environmental Management and Extra Usage
    

    
    
Security
    Measures for the Premises
    

    
    
Fiber
    Optic
    

    
    
    
    

    
MAINTENANCE.
    REPAIR
 ALTERATIONS
    

    
    
Maintenance
    and Repair
    

    
    
A
    Iterations
    

    
    
    
    

    
INDEMNITY
    INSURANCE
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
DAMAGE
    WAIYER OF SUBROGATION
    

    
    
Fire
    or Casualty
    

    
    
Waiver
    of Subrogation
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
ASSIGNMENT
    AND SUBLETTING
    

    
    
    
    

    
DEFAULT
    REMEDIES
    

    
I
    I.I
    
    

    
    
Remedies
    for Default
    

    
    
Landlord&rsquo;s
    Right To Cure Default
    

    
    
    
    

    
SURRENDER
    HOLDOVER
    

    
    
    
    

    
RULES
    AND REGULATIONS
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Furniture
    and Bulky Articles
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
SUBORDINATION
    AND ATTORNMENT
 TRANSFER OF BUILDING
 ESTOPPELS
    

    
    
Subordination
    and Attornment
    

    
    
Transfer
    of Building
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
ATTORNEY
    FEES
    

    
    
    
    

    
QUIET
    ENJOYMENT
    

    
    
    
    

    
LIMITATION
    ON LIABILITY
    

    
    
    
    

    
ADDITIONAL
    RENT
    

    
    
Additional
    Rent: Operating Expense Adjustment.
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
HAZARDOUS
    MATERIALS
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Complete
    Agreement; No Implied Covenants
    

    
    
Governing
    Law
    

    
    
Partial
    Invalidity
    

    
    
Space
    Leased AS IS
    

    
    
Captions;
    Construction
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Force
    Majeure
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Financial
    Reports
    

    
    
Waiver
    of Jury Trial.
    

    
    
Executive
    Order 13224
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Building
    Name and Signage
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Survival
    of Obligations
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Execution;
    Counterpart; Signature Transmitted
    

    
    
Intentionally
    Deleted
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


OFFICE
LEASE

Basic
Lease Terms.



    
EFFECTIVE
    DATE OF LEASE:
September
    21
 20 I 7

    
    
    

    
    
Eastside
    Distilling Inc


    
    
a
    Nevada corporation

    
    
    

    
Addresses
    For Notices:
Eastside
    Distilling Inc.

    
    
Att&rsquo;n
    General Manager

    
    
1001
    SE Water Ave.
 Suite 390

    
    
Portland
    OR 97214

    
    
Facsimile:
    ___________________

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
        
    
        
Eastbank
    Commerce Center
 LLC


    
    
an
    Oregon limited liability company

    
    
    

    
    
Addresses
    For Notices:

    
    
c/o
    Beam Development

    
    
75
    SE Yamhill
 Suite 201

    
    
Portland
    OR 97214

    
    
Attn:
    Jonathan Malsin

    
    
Email:

beamdeveloprnent.co111

    
    
    

    
    
With
    copy to:

    
    
Brix
    Law LLP

    
    
75
    SE Yamhill
 Suite 202

    
    
Portland
    OR 97214

    
    
Attn:
    Brad Miller

    
    
Email:

com

    
    
    

    
    
Address
    for payment of Rent:

    
    
c/o
    Beam Development

    
    
75
    SE Yamhill
 Suite 201

    
    
Portland
    OR 97214

    
    
    

    
    
        
Approximately
    3
050 rentable square feet with an address of 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Suite 390
 Portland
 Oregon 97214
 as shown on the attached
    

    
    
    

    
        
        
    
        
The
    building located at 1001 SE Water Avenue
 Portland
 OR 97214 commonly known as the Eastbank Commerce Center.

    
    
    

    
        
BUILDING
                                         AREA:
        
Approximately
    55
274 rentable square feet

    
    
    

    
        
        
    
TENANT&rsquo;S
        PROPORTIONATE SHARE: 5.52%.
        
The
    percentage is obtained by dividing the rentable square feet of the Premises by the total number of rentable square feet of
    the Building. Landlord may modify Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share if the Building size is increased or decreased
 as the case
    may be.

    
    
    

    
        
        
TENANT&rsquo;S
                                         PERMITTED USE OF PREMISES:&nbsp;
General
    office use
 and for no other purpose.

    
    
    

    
TERM
    OF LEASE:
Anticipated
    Commencement Date: October 15
 2017.

    
    
Expiration
    Date: Last day of the month that is twenty-six (26) months after the Commencement Date (defined below) of the Lease.

    
    
    

    
        
INITIAL
                                         MONTHLY BASE RENT:
        
$5
718.75.





    


    
    

    
    
Period
    (Months)
Monthly
    Base Rent

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3
    -12
$5
718.75

    
    
    
$5
890.31

    
    
    
$6
067.02

    
    
    
    




    
PREPAID
                                    RENT:
        
$5
718.75
 applicable
    to month three (3) after the Commencement Date.

    
    
    

    
SECURITY
                                    DEPOSIT:&nbsp;
$6
067.02.

    
    
    

    
    
During the Term
    of the Lease
 Tenant shall be permitted to use four (4) reserved parking spaces. All parking arrangements with Tenant shall
    be addressed by separate agreement and shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4.4.

    
    
    

    
    
Landlord
                                    was not represented by a real estate broker with respect to this Lease.

    
    
Tim Budelman of
    Norris &amp; Stevens
 Inc. representing Tenant.



    
    


OFFICE
LEASE

For
valuable consideration
 Landlord and Tenant covenant and agree as follows:



    
PREMISES;
    DELIVERY

    
    

    
Lease
    of Premises.

    
    

    
Landlord
    leases to Tenant the Premises described in the Basic Lease Terms and shown as Suite 390 on 
    (the &ldquo;Premises&rdquo;) subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease.

    
    

    
Delivery
    of Possession and Commencement.

    
    

    
Should
    Landlord be unable to deliver possession of the Premises on the Anticipated Commencement Date stated in the Basic Lease Terms
    Landlord shall have no liability to Tenant for delay in delivering possession. The term of the Lease shall commence on the
    date the Premises are delivered to Tenant in the condition required under this Lease
 which shall be deemed to have occurred
    when Landlord&rsquo;s Work (defined below) has been substantially completed (the &ldquo;Commencement Date&rdquo;). The Premises
in &ldquo;&lsquo;as is&rsquo;&rsquo; condition and without any
Exhibit
    &ldquo;B&rdquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;substantially
    complete.&rdquo; and words of similar import (whether or not spelled with initial capitals) as used herein shall mean the
    date of substantial completion of Landlord&rsquo;s Work such that Tenant may commence the installation of any of Tenant&rsquo;s
    equipment and occupy the Premises for the conduct of its business (subject to the completion of any additional construction
    to be performed by Tenant). Landlord&rsquo;s Work shall be deemed substantially complete notwithstanding the fact that minor
    details of construction
 mechanical adjustments or decorations which do not materially interfere with Tenant&rsquo;s use and
    enjoyment of the Premises remain to be performed (items normally referred to as &ldquo;punch list&rdquo; items). The existence
    of any &ldquo;punch list&rdquo; items shall not postpone the Commencement Date. Tenant&rsquo;s occupancy of the Premises shall
    constitute conclusive acceptance of the amount of square footage stated herein
 and of the condition of the Premises. The
    Expiration Date of this Lease shall be the date stated in the Basic Lease Terms. Upon ascertaining the date of the Commencement
    Date
 Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a written confirmation in the form attached hereto as 
    (&ldquo;Lease Confirmation&rdquo;) of the Commencement Date. The Lease Confirmation shall be binding upon Tenant unless Tenant
    objects to the notice in writing delivered to Landlord within five (5) days of Tenant&rsquo;s receipt of said Lease Confirmation.

    
    

    
The
I are approximate.
    Tenant is satisfied with Landlord&rsquo;s measurement of the rentable areas of the Premises and of the Building.

    
    

    
Early
    Access.

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall have the right to occupy the Premises approximately seven (7) days after the mutual execution of this Lease. Such early
    access to the Premises by Tenant shall be solely for the purpose of installing Tenant&rsquo;s cabling
 furniture
 fixtures
    and equipment in the Premises and shall be subject to the following conditions: (i) prior to Tenant&rsquo;s entry into the
    Premises
 Tenant provides Landlord with proof that Tenant has the insurance that Tenant is required to maintain under this
    Lease
 (ii) prior to Tenant&rsquo;s entry into the Premises
 Tenant provides Landlord with such evidence as reasonably required
    that Tenant has received all required governmental approvals to enter the Premises
 (iii) prior to Tenant&rsquo;s entry into
    the Premises
 Tenant provides Landlord with contractor&rsquo;s licenses
 insurance and bonds for all contractors entering
    the Premises in connection with any work to be performed on by Tenant in the Premises
 and (iv) Landlord shall have the right
    to terminate or suspend Tenant&rsquo;s early access at any time that Landlord determines that such early access interferes
    with the performance of the Landlord&rsquo;s Work.



    
    




    
Option
    to Extend Term.

    
    

    
(I)
e (3)
    years (such extended period is hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;Extended Term&rdquo;) on the same terms and conditions
    contained in the Lease
Base Rent for an Extended Term shall be as set
    forth hereinbelow
 (ii) no additional options to extend shall apply following the expiration of applicable Extended Term (other
    than as expressly set forth above)
improvements
option to
    extend (&ldquo;Option to Extend&rdquo;) the Tem1 of this Lease for the Extended Term must be given to Landlord no less than
    six (6) months prior to the date the Term of the Lease would otherwise expire. If Tenant is in default under this Lease
 Tenant
    shall have no Option to Extend the Term of this Lease until such default is cured within the cure period set forth in this
    Lease for such default
 if any; provided
 that the period of time within which said Option to Extend may be exercised shall
    not be extended or enlarged by reason of Tenant&rsquo;s inability to exercise said Option to Extend because of a default.
    In the event Tenant validly exercises its Option to Extend the Term of this Lease as herein provided
 Base Rent shall be adjusted
    as of the commencement date of the Extended Term as follows (but in no event shall it be less than the Base Rent for the month
    immediately prior to the commencement of the Extended Term):


(a)
Not later than six (6) months prior to the commencement of an Extended Term
 Landlord shall provide Tenant with Landlord&rsquo;s
determination of the fair market Base Rent for such Extended Term
 including periodic increases as dictated by the current market
(&ldquo;Landlord&rsquo;s Determination of Base Rent for Extended Term&rdquo;). Tenant shall provide notice to Landlord within
days
after receipt of such notice from Landlord as to whether Tenant accepts Landlord&rsquo;s Determination of Base Rent for Extended
Term. In the event Tenant does not agree to Landlord&rsquo;s Determination of Base Rent for Extended Term
 Landlord and Tenant
shall attempt to agree upon Base Rent for the Premises for the Extended Term
 such rent to be the fair market Base Rent installment
of rent for the Premises for the Extended Term
 as defined in Subsection (c) below. If the parties are unable to agree upon the
Base Rent for the Extended Term by the date three (3) months prior to the commencement of the Extended Term
 then within ten (10)
days thereafter each party
 at its own cost and by giving notice to the other party
 shall appoint a real estate appraiser with
at least five (5) years full-time commercial real estate appraisal experience in the area in which the Premises are located to
appraise and set Base Rent for the Extended Term. If a party does not appoint an appraiser within ten ( I 0) days after the other
party has given notice of the name of its appraiser
 the single appraiser appointed shall be the sole appraiser and shall set
Base Rent for the Extended Term. If each party shall have so appointed an appraiser
 the two (2) appraisers shall meet promptly
and attempt to set the Base Rent for the Extended Term. If the two (2) appraisers are unable to agree within thirty (30) days
after the second appraiser has been appointed
 they shall attempt to select a third appraiser meeting the qualifications herein
stated within ten (10) days after the last day the two (2) appraisers are given to set Base Rent. If the two (2) appraisers are
unable to agree on the third appraiser within such ten ( I 0) day period
 either of the parties to this Lease
 by giving five
(5) days&rsquo; notice to the other party
 may apply to the Arbitration Service of Portland for the selection of a third appraiser
meeting the qualifications stated in this Section. Each of the parties shall bear one-half ( l /2) of the cost of appointing the
third appraiser and of paying the third appraiser&rsquo;s fee. The third appraiser
 however selected
 shall be a person who has
not previously acted in any capacity for either party.

(b)
The fair market Base Rent shall be fixed by the appraisers in accordance with the following procedures. Each party-appointed appraiser
shall state
 in writing
 such appraiser&rsquo;s determination of the fair market Base Rent supported by the reasons therefor and
shall make counterpart copies for the other party appointed appraiser and any neutral appraiser. The party-appointed appraisers
shall arrange for a simultaneous exchange of their proposed fair market Base Rent determinations. The role of any neutral appraiser
shall be to select whichever of the two (2) proposed determinations of fair market Base Rent most closely approximates the neutral
appraiser&rsquo;s own determination of fair market Base Rent. The neutral appraiser shall have no right to propose a middle ground
or any modification of either of the two (2) proposed determinations of fair market Base Rent. The determination of fair market
Base Rent the neutral appraiser chooses as that most closely approximating the neutral appraiser&rsquo;s determination of the
fair market Base Rent shall constitute the decision of the appraisers and shall be final and binding upon the parties. The appraisers
shall have no power to modify the provisions of this Lease.


    
    


(c)

 the term &ldquo;fair market Base Rent&rdquo; shall mean the price that a ready and willing
tenant would pay
 as of the Extended Term commencement date
 as a base rent to a ready and willing landlord of premises comparable
to the Premises
 in terms of size
 quality and comparable term
 in their then improved state
 in the Portland
 Oregon market
if such premises were exposed for lease on the open market for a reasonable period of time; including any rent increases over
the Extended Term. In no event shall there be deducted from such fair market rental the value of any concessions
 including without
limitation
improvements
 commission
and/or &ldquo;down time.&rdquo;

(d)
Any neutral appraiser&rsquo;s decision shall be made not later than thirty (30) days after the submission by the appraisers of
their proposals with respect to the fair market Base Rent. The parties have included these time limits in order to expedite the
proceeding
 but they are not jurisdictional
 and the neutral appraiser may for good cause allow reasonable extensions or delays
which shall not affect the validity of the award. Absent fraud
 collusion or willful misconduct by the neutral appraiser
 the
award shall be final
 and judgment may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof The Option to Extend the Lease hereby
granted is personal to the entity executing this Lease as tenant and is not transferable; in the event of any assignment or subletting
under this Lease
 the Option to Extend the Lease shall automatically terminate and shall thereafter be null and void.



    
Right
    of First Offer.

    
    

    
Ifat

    
 the &ldquo;First Offer Space&rdquo;) is available for lease or is about to become available
    for lease (provided such space shall not be deemed available for lease until it has already been leased to a third party after
    the date of this Lease or if it is subject to any existing options of existing tenants of the Building) and so long as Tenant
    is not in default of this Lease
 Landlord shall notify Tenant of the availability of such space and the terms upon which Landlord
    is willing to lease such space to Tenant (the base rent per sq. ft.
 and the general terms shall be consistent with the then
    prevailing-market for premises comparable to the Premises
 in terms of size
 quality and comparable term
 in their then-improved
    state
 in the Portland
 Oregon market
 provided the base rent shall be no lower than that for the initial Premises for the
    month in which the expansion of the Premises to include the First Offer Space shall occur(the &ldquo;Expansion Space Commencement
    Date&rdquo;). If Tenant timely accepts Landlord&rsquo;s offer
 if
 as of the Expansion Space Commencement Date
 the Term of
    the Lease is set to expire less than twenty-four (24) months later
 the Term of the Lease with respect to the initial Premises
    and the First Offer Space shall be extended such that the Term of the Lease expires twenty-four (24) months following the
    Expansion Space Commencement Date. Tenant shall have five (5) business days to accept Landlord&rsquo;s offer. If Tenant fails
    to accept Landlord&rsquo;s offer within such five (5) business day period
 Landlord shall be free to lease such space any
    time during the term of this Lease free and clear of any rights of Tenant; provided however
 once such space has been leased
    to a third party and thereafter becomes available for lease
 the provisions of this Right of First Offer shall then again
    apply. The right of first offer contained herein shall not apply to any renewal or extension of the term of the Lease and
    shall be personal to the entity executing this Lease as tenant.

    
    

    
RENT
    PAYMENT

    
    

    
Base
    Rent.

    
    

    
    
Tenant
shall pay to Landlord the Base Rent for the Premises and any additional rent provided herein
 without deduction or offset. At
the same time as execution of the Lease
 Tenant shall pay any prepaid rent stated in the Basic Lease Terms. Rent is payable in
advance on the first day of each month commencing on the Commencement Date of this Lease. Tenant shall have a five (5) day grace
period from the first day of the month within which to pay the Base Rent and any additional rent. Rent for any partial month during
the Lease term shall be prorated to reflect the number of days during the month that Tenant occupies the Premises. Additional
rent means amounts determined under Section 20 of this Lease and any other sums payable by Tenant to Landlord under this Lease.
Rent not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum
 until paid. Landlord may at its option
 I of rent or $50 for rent payments
made more than ten (I 0) days late in lieu of interest for the first month of delinquency. Tenant acknowledges that late payment
by Tenant to Landlord of any rent or other sums due under this Lease will cause Landlord to incur costs not contemplated by this
Lease
 the exact amount of such costs being extremely difficult and impracticable to ascertain
 and that such late charge represents
a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs that Landlord will incur by reason of any such late payment and is not a penalty.
Neither imposition nor collection nor failure to impose or collect such late charge shall be considered a waiver of any other
remedies available for default. In addition to such late charge
 an additional charge of$75 shall be recoverable by Landlord for
any returned checks.





    
    




    
Abated
    Rent and Other Inducement Provisions.

    
    

    
As
    reflected above
 Tenant shall have no obligation to pay monthly Base Rent for the first two (2) full months after the Commencement
    Date (the &ldquo;Free Rent Period&rdquo;) resulting in an abatement of monthly Base Rent in the aggregate amount of$ I l
437.50.
    In the event ofa default by Tenant under the terms of this Lease which results in early termination pursuant to the provisions
    hereof during such Free Rent Period
 Tenant shall not be entitled to any such rent abatement after the date of termination
    nor shall Tenant be entitled to assert any right to rent abatement after such termination against any sums due Landlord. The
    rent abatement granted under this Section and any other cash and allowance which is granted to Tenant (collectively
 &ldquo;Inducement
    Provisions&rdquo;) is solely for the benefit of the entity executing this Lease as tenant and is not transferable to any assignee
    or subtenant. In the event of a default by Tenant under the terms of this Lease which results in early termination pursuant
    to the provisions hereof
 then as a part of the recovery to which Landlord shall be entitled shall be included a portion of
    such rent which was abated under the provisions of this Section and the cash and any allowance other all other Inducement
    Provisions
 which portion shall be determined by multiplying the total amount of rent
 cash and allowance which was abated
    or granted under this Lease by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the number of months remaining in the term of this Lease
    at the time of such default and the denominator of which is the number of months during the term of this Lease that Tenant
    is obligated to pay monthly Base Rent. For the avoidance of doubt
 during the Free Rent Period Tenant shall be obligated to
    pay Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share of operating expenses and real property taxes.

    
    

    
SECURITY
    DEPOSIT

    
    

    
Upon
    execution of the Lease
 Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount stated in the Basic Lease Terms as a Security Deposit. Landlord
    may apply the Security Deposit to pay the cost of performing any obligation which Tenant fails to perform within the time
    required by this Lease
 but such application by Landlord shall not waive Landlord&rsquo;s other remedies nor be the exclusive
    remedy for Tenant&rsquo;s default. If the Security Deposit is applied by Landlord
 Tenant shall on demand pay the sum necessary
    to replenish the Security Deposit to its original amount. In no event will Tenant have the right to apply any part of the
    Security Deposit to any rent or other sums due under this Lease. If Tenant is not in default at the expiration or termination
    of this Lease
 Landlord shall return the entire Security Deposit to Tenant
 within thirty (30) days
 except for the portion
    designated in the Basic Lease Terms
 if any
 which Landlord shall retain as a non-refundable cleaning fee. If Tenant is in
    default at the expiration or termination of this Lease
 Landlord may retain such portion of the Security Deposit as needed
    to cure the default and shall promptly return the balance
 if any
 to Tenant. Landlord&rsquo;s obligations with respect to
    the Security Deposit are those of a debtor and not of a trustee
 and Landlord can commingle the Security Deposit with Landlord&rsquo;s
    general funds. Landlord shall not be required to pay Tenant interest on the Security Deposit. Landlord shall be entitled to
    immediately endorse and cash Tenant&rsquo;s Security Deposit; however
 such endorsement and cashing shall not constitute Landlord&rsquo;s
    acceptance of this Lease. In the event Landlord does not accept this Lease


    unapplied portion of the Security Deposit
 thereupon Landlord shall be discharged from any further liability or responsibility
    with respect to the Security Deposit.




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

shall use the Premises for Tenant&rsquo;s Permitted Use stated in the Basic Lease Terms and for no other purpose. In connection with
Tenant&rsquo;s use of the Premises (including
 without limitation
 any alteration of the Premises)
 Tenant shall at its expense promptly
comply with all applicable laws
 ordinances
 rules
 and regulations (&ldquo;Laws&rdquo;) and shall not annoy
 obstruct
 or interfere
with the rights of other tenants. Tenant shall not allow any objectionable fumes
 noise
 light
 vibration
 radiation
 or electromagnetic
waves to be emitted from the Premises. If any such sound or vibration is detectable outside of the Premises
 Tenant shall provide
such insulation as is required to muffle such sound or vibration and render
Tenant shall not conduct any activities that will increase Landlord&rsquo;s insurance rates.
Tenant shall pay before delinquency all taxes
 assessments
 license fees and public charges levied
 assessed or imposed upon its
business operations and all trade fixtures
 leasehold improvements

Premises. Tenant shall not use the Premises for any uses that will cause any increase in 
anything to the contrary in this Lease
portion of the
Premises be used for any marijuana-related business
 cannabusiness
related to controlled substances
as defined in the Federal Controlled Substances Act (including
limited
to
 the cultivation
 manufacture
 processing
 accounting
 financial transactions
 other ancillary services
 storage or sale of
cannabis or cannabis-related products).


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall install in the Premises only such equipment as is customary for Tenant&rsquo;s Permitted Use and shall not overload
    the floors or electrical circuits of the Premises or Building or alter the plumbing or wiring of the Premises or Building.
or electrical
    heat generating
 climate sensitive
All telecommunications
    equipment
 conduit
 cables and wiring
 additional dedicated circuits
 and any additional air conditioning required because
    of heat generating equipment or special lighting installed by Tenant shall be installed and operated at Tenant&rsquo;s expense
    and
 at Landlord&rsquo;s written request shall be removed by Tenant at Tenant&rsquo;s sole cost. Tenant shall have no right
    to install any equipment on or through the roofof the Building
 or use or install or store any equipment or other items outside
    of the interior boundary of the 

    
    

    
Signs and
    Other Installations.

    
    

    
No
    signs
 awnings
any
    glass or woodwork of the Premises or positioned so as to be visible from outside the Premises
any window

&rsquo;.&frac34;

 blinds
 curtains
 drapes
 screens
 or tinting
    materials) without Landlord&rsquo;s written consent. All signs installed by Tenant shall comply with Landlord&rsquo;s standards
    for signs and all applicable codes and all signs and sign hardware shall be removed upon termination of this Lease with the
    sign location restored to its former state. Any material violating this provision may be removed and disposed by Landlord
    without compensation to Tenant
 and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost of the same upon request. Subject to Landlord&rsquo;s
    final approval as to the specific design
 location
 and size of such signage
 Tenant may install
 at Tenant&rsquo;s sole cost
    and expense
 Tenant-branded signage on the door and window of the entry to the Premises. Landlord shall
 at Landlord&rsquo;s
    sole cost and expense
 place Tenant&rsquo;s name on the directory of the Building. Notwithstanding the above
 and subject
    to Landlord&rsquo;s reasonable approval of the design
 location
 and size of such signage
 Landlord consents to Tenant placing
    a neon sign in its third floor window for &ldquo;Portland Potato&rdquo; or &ldquo;Portland Potato Vodka
&rdquo; as permitted
    by the city sign code and all other governmental regulations
 provided such signage shall not be placed within three (3) feet
    of the 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
All
    parking spaces shall be assigned to tenants and other parties pursuant to a separate written agreement with Landlord. This
    Lease does not cover any parking spaces or rights to use any parking spaces except as indicated in Section N of the Basic
    Lease Terms. Except to the extent of the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or Landlord&rsquo;s agents
 employees
    or contractors
 Landlord shall not be responsible for money
 jewelry
 automobiles or personal property lost in or stolen from
loss or theft occurs when the parking areas
the preceding sentence
 Landlord shall not be liable
    for any loss
 injury or damage to persons using the parking areas or automobiles or other property therein
 it being agreed
    that
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 the use of the parking spaces shall be at the sole risk of Tenant and its employees.
    If Tenant and Landlord enter into a parking agreement covering parking spaces in the Building
 then any default by Tenant
    under such agreement beyond any applicable cure period shall
 at Landlord&rsquo;s option
 constitute an event of default under
    this Lease. A copy of the separate parking agreement is attached hereto as 




    
    




    
UTILITIES
    SERVICES
 SECURITY

    
    

    
Utilities
    and Services.

    
    

    
Landlord
    will furnish water and electricity to the Building at all times and will furnish heat and air conditioning
 at building standard
    levels
 during the normal Building hours as established by Landlord. Tenant shall pay for all charges for electricity
 natural
    gas and water furnished to the Premises. If Tenant does not pay any of these charges directly
 Tenant shall pay Landlord for
    such charges and the amount payable by Tenant will be based upon consumption as sub-metered to the Premises by Landlord
 or
    if not sub-metered
 upon an equitable allocation made by Landlord
 which allocation will be binding absent manifest error.
    Tenant shall be responsible for paying
 as additional rent
 the monthly charges allocable to the Premises for the HYAC maintenance
    contracts entered into by Landlord from time to time. Any additional rent provided for in this Lease shall become due with
    the next monthly installment of Base Rent unless otherwise provided. Janitorial service for the Building&rsquo;s common areas
    will be provided in accordance with the regular schedule of the Building
 which schedule may change from time to time. Tenant
    shall provide Tenant&rsquo;s own janitorial service for the Premises unless Landlord and Tenant otherwise agree in writing
    that Landlord will provide such service to Tenant as part of operating expenses for the Building. Tenant shall be responsible
    for
 and promptly pay when due
 any and all charges for utility services used in the Premises and for all other services required
    for Tenants use of the Premises (including without limitation
 all data and telephone services). Tenant shall comply with
    all government laws or regulations regarding the use or reduction of use of utilities on the Premises. Interruption of services
    or utilities shall not be deemed an eviction or disturbance of Tenant&rsquo;s use and possession of the Premises
 render Landlord
    liable to Tenant for damages
 or relieve Tenant from performance of Tenant&rsquo;s obligations under this Lease. Landlord
    shall take all reasonable steps to correct any interruptions in service caused by defects in utility systems within Landlord&rsquo;s
    reasonable control. Tenant shall provide its own surge protection for power furnished to the Premises. Tenant shall cooperate
    with Landlord and the utility service providers at all times as reasonably necessary
 and shall allow Landlord and utility
    service providers
 reasonable access to the pipes
 lines
feeders
 risers
 wiring
 and any
other utility provider without prior
    written approval of Landlord.

    
    

    
Data
    and Information Sharing for Environmental Management and Extra Usage.

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall be required to furnish to Landlord energy and water consumption data for all energy and water types used on the Premises
    for which utility accounts or consumption meters are owned by Tenant. Landlord and Tenant agree to provide all reasonable
    and accurate information that may be required to pursue green building certification of the Premises. If Tenant does not pay
    for utilities directly and Tenant uses excessive amounts of utilities because of operation outside of ordinary business hours
    of Monday through Friday from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm and Saturday 8:00 am to Noon (&ldquo;Ordinary Building Hours&rdquo;)
 high
    demands from office machinery and equipment
 nonstandard lighting
 or any other cause
 Landlord may impose a reasonable charge
    for supplying such extra utilities
 which charge shall be payable monthly by Tenant in conjunction with rent payments. Landlord
    reserves the right to install separate meters for any such utility and to charge Tenant for the cost of such installation.

    
    

    
Security
    Measures for the Premises.

    
    

    
Landlord
    may (but shall have no obligation) adopt security measures regarding the Premises
 and Tenant shall cooperate with all such
    security measures. Landlord may
 in Landlord&rsquo;s sole and absolute discretion
 modify the type or amount of security measures
    provided at any time without notice.

    
    

    
Tenant
    may not install alarm boxes
 foil protection tape
 or other security equipment on the Premises without Landlord&rsquo;s prior
    written consent. Tenant may
 at Tenant&rsquo;s sole cost and expense
 install a supplemental security system within the Premises
such
    consent may be conditioned on
 among other things
 that: (i) the plans and specifications for any such system shall be subject
    to Landlord&rsquo;s reasonable approval
 (ii) any such system must be compatible with any existing systems of the Building
    (iii) Tenant&rsquo;s obligation to indemnify
 defend and hold Landlord harmless shall also apply to Tenant&rsquo;s use and
    operation of any such system
 (iv) the installation of such system shall otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions
    of Section 6 below (and 
 if installed as a part of the Tenant improvements)
 and (v) notwithstanding
contrary in this Lease
 Tenant shall remove such system upon the expiration
Lease and repair all damage caused by such removal. Tenant shall at all times provide
    Landlord with a contact person who can disarm the security/surveillance system and who is familiar with the functions of such
    system in the event of a malfunction
necessary
emergency and Landlord
    shall not have any liability for accidentally setting off Tenant&rsquo;s security system. The determination of the extent
    to which such supplemental security equipment
 systems and procedures are reasonably required shall be made in the sole judgment
    and shall be the responsibility of
 the Tenant.




    
    




    
Fiber
    Optic.

    
    

    
Tenant

    that
    to Landlord&rsquo;s prior written approval
 (ii) Tenant assumes all costs and expenses related to the license agreement
 including
    without limitation
 the costs of installation of fiber and electrical feeds
 including chases and conduits in the risers in
    the Building (collectively
 the &ldquo;Cabling&rdquo;)
 and (iii) the telecom provider&rsquo;s use will not interfere with
    or adversely impact the Building or the use or occupancy of office space leased by any tenant of the Building. Together with
    Tenant&rsquo;s request for a new telecom provider
 Tenant shall submit to Landlord evidence acceptable to Landlord in its
    sole discretion that the installation of the Cabling by the telecom provider is in compliance with all applicable laws and
    will not impede the operation of the Building or its systems in any material respect and if so as to the latter
 that Tenant
    will be responsible to correct and remediate such impediment at it sole cost and expense as a condition precedent to such
    approval by Landlord. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
commence
proposed location
    of and specifications for the Cabling have been approved in writing by Landlord. Landlord shall have no obligation to design
    install
 construct
 use
 operate
 maintain
 repair
 replace or remove the Cabling or to have any other responsibility or liability
    in connection therewith or the operations thereof. The use of the Cabling and all areas outside the Premises shall be subject
if
within the Premises
 including
 without limitation
 insurance and indemnification obligations
Lease. Landlord shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by Tenant or others because of any
    interruption in or failure of utilities
 including electrical power
 to the Cabling. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that it
    shall accept the areas in which Tenant installs its Cabling and piping in their &ldquo;As ls&rdquo; condition. Landlord makes
    no representation respecting the condition of these areas or their suitability for operation and installation of the Cabling.

    
    

    
MAINTENANCE
    REPAIR
 ALTERATIONS 

    
    

6
1
Maintenance
    and Repair.

    
    

    
Landlord&rsquo;s
    obligation with respect to maintenance and repair of the Building shall be limited to: (A) the structural     portions of the
    Building
 (B) the exterior walls of the Building
 including glass and glazing (provided that the cleaning     of the interior
    faces of exterior glazing within the Premises shall be Tenant&rsquo;s responsibility)
 (C) the roof
 (D) the     mechanical
    electrical
 plumbing and life safety systems leading to the Premises
 and (E) the common areas. Landlord shall     have the
    right but not the obligation to undertake work of repair that Tenant is required to perform hereunder and that Tenant
    fails or refuses to perform in a timely and efficient manner. All costs incurred by Landlord in performing any such repair
    for the account of Tenant shall be repaid by Tenant to Landlord upon demand
 together with a reasonable administrative
    fee.




    
    




    
Tenant
    shall maintain and repair the Premises in good condition
 including
 without limitation
 maintaining
    walls
 floors
 and ceilings
 all interior doors. partitions
 and windows
 and all Premises systems
 fixtures
 and equipment
    that are not the maintenance responsibility of Landlord
 as well as damage to the Building caused by Tenant
 its agents
 employees
    contractors
 or invitees.

    
    

    
Landlord
    shall have no liability for failure to perform required maintenance and repair unless written notice is given by Tenant and
    Landlord fails to commence efforts to remedy the problem within a reasonable time and diligently pursue such remedy to completion.
    Landlord shall have the right to erect scaffolding and other apparatus necessary for the purpose of making repairs or alterations
    to the Building
 and Landlord shall have no liability for interference with Tenant&rsquo;s use because of such work. Work
    may be done during normal business hours. Tenant shall have no claim against Landlord for any interruption of services or
    interference with Tenant&rsquo;s occupancy caused by Landlord&rsquo;s maintenance and repair or any claim of constructive
    or other 

    
    

    
Landlord&rsquo;s
    cost of repair and maintenance shall be considered &ldquo;operating expenses&rdquo; for the purposes of Section 20
 except
Tenant
    its contractors
 agents or invitees shall be at Tenant&rsquo;s expense.

    
    

Landlord
    represents and warrants that the plumbing
 mechanical
 electrical
 safety
 HVAC
 and other serving the Premises shall be in
    good working order on the Commencement Date.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall not make any alterations to the Premises that affect the structure of the Building or any Building system (electrical
    plumbing
 mechanical or life safety)
 or install any wall or floor covering without Landlord&rsquo;s prior written consent
    which may be withheld in Landlord&rsquo;s sole discretion. With respect to any other alteration requested by Tenant
 Landlord&rsquo;s
    consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Should Landlord consent in writing to Tenant&rsquo;s alteration of the Premises
    Tenant shall contract with a contractor approved by Landlord for the construction of such alterations (which contractor shall
    comply with the insurance provisions set forth in this Lease)
 shall secure all appropriate governmental approvals and permits
    and shall complete such alterations with due diligence in compliance with the plans and specifications approved by Landlord
    and in a good and workmanlike manner. All such construction shall be performed in a manner which will not interfere with the
    quiet enjoyment of other tenants of the Building. Any such alterations
 wiring
 cables
 or conduit installed by Tenant shall
    at once become part of the Premises and belong to Landlord except for removable machinery and unattached movable trade fixtures.
    Landlord may at its option require that Tenant remove any alterations
 wiring
 cables or conduit installed by or for Tenant
    and restore the Premises to the original condition upon termination of this Lease. If Tenant seeks Landlord&rsquo;s consent
    to perform an alteration
 then at the time Landlord provides its approval of same
 Landlord shall notify Tenant as to whether
    Landlord will require Tenant to remove such alteration upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. If Tenant
    makes an alteration without asking Landlord whether Landlord will require such alteration to be removed at the expiration
    or sooner termination of this Lease
at
    its option
Landlord
    shall have the right to post notices of nonresponsibility in connection with work being performed by Tenant in the Premises.
    Work by Tenant shall comply with all laws then applicable to the Premises. Tenant shall not allow any liens to attach to the
    Building or Tenant&rsquo;s interest in the Premises as a result of its activities or any alterations. Landlord may perform
    alterations to or change the configuration of the Building and common areas. At the conclusion of any alteration
 (A) Tenant
    shall provide Landlord with as-built drawings of such alterations
 and (B) certify that the &ldquo;record-set&rdquo; of as-built
    drawings are true and correct
which certification
    shall survive the expiration or termination of this Lease.

    
    

    
Throughout
    the term of the Lease and notwithstanding the provisions of Section 18 below
 Landlord shall have a continuing right (but
    shall not be obligated) to make alterations and/or improvements to the common areas and any other portions of the Building
    for any purposes that Landlord deems necessary
 in its reasonable business judgment
 including
 without limitation
 alterations
    or improvements that will affect the operation
 design
 use or aesthetic of the Building. Landlord is authorized to prioritize
    sustainability requirements over minimizing upfront costs of property improvements. Landlord shall make reasonable efforts
    to complete all such alterations and improvements so as to minimize
 to the extent feasible
 disturbance to Tenant. Without
    limiting the generality of the foregoing
 Landlord reserves the right to grant such easements
 rights and dedications as Landlord
covenants
    conditions and restrictions affecting the Premises and Building
 as long as such easements
 rights
 dedications
 maps and
    covenants
the
    use of the Premises by Tenant. At Landlord&rsquo;s request
aforementioned
    documents.




    
    




    
INDEMNITY
    INSURANCE

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall indemnify
 defend
any
    claim
 liability
 damage
 or loss occurring in
 on
 or about the Premises
connection
    therewith (including attorney fees)
occurring
    in
 on
 or about the Premises
 (b) use by Tenant or its agents
and/or
    the Building
 and/or (c) Tenant&rsquo;s breach or violation of any term of this Lease. This indemnity obligation shall survive
    the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease. Notwithstanding the forgoing
 Tenant shall have no obligation to indemnify
    defend or hold harmless Landlord for any claim
 damage or loss caused in whole or in part by the intentional or grossly negligent
    acts of Landlord
 its employees or agents or by other tenants in the building.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall carry liability insurance
 on an occurrence basis
 with limits of not less than Two Million Dollars ($2
000
000) combined
    single limit bodily injury and property damage which insurance shall have an endorsement naming Landlord and Landlord&rsquo;s
    managing agent and lender
 if any
 and any other entity reasonably required by Landlord
 as an additional insured
 cover the
    liability insured under Section 7 of this Lease and be in form and with companies reasonably acceptable to Landlord. Such
    insurance shall provide that it is primary insurance and not &ldquo;excess over&rdquo; or contributory with any other valid
    existing and applicable insurance in force for or on behalf of Landlord. The policy shall not eliminate cross-liability and
    shall contain a severability of interest clause. Tenant
 at its cost
 shall maintain on all of its personal property
 tenant
    improvements (whether constructed by Landlord or Tenant)
 in
 on
 or about the Premises
 a policy of&rdquo; Broad Form&rdquo;
    insurance
Tenant
    at its cost
Not more
    frequently than once each year
 if
 in the opinion of Landlord&rsquo;s lender or of the insurance consultant
 the amount of
    public liability and property damage insurance coverage at that time is not adequate
 Tenant shall increase the insurance
consultant.
    Prior to occupancy
that the coverage
    shall not be canceled or materially changed without thirty (30) days&rsquo; advance notice to Landlord and Landlord&rsquo;s
    managing agent
 if any. Tenant shall furnish to Landlord a renewal certificate at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration
    of any policy.

    
    

    
Tenant
the
    Premises are located with employer&rsquo;s liability insurance in an amount not less than $1
000
000 and business income and
    extra expense insurance with limits not less than one hundred percent ( I 00%) of all income and charges payable by Tenant
    under this Lease for a period of twelve (12) months.

    
    

    
Should
    Tenant engage the services of any contractor to perform work in the Premises
 Tenant shall ensure that such contractor carries
    commercial general liability
 business automobile liability
 umbrella/excess liability (following forn1)
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
    and employers&rsquo; liability coverages in substantially the same amounts as are required of Tenant under this Lease. Contractor
    shall include Landlord
 its trustees
 officers
 directors
 members
 agents and employees
 Landlord&rsquo;s mortgagees and
    Landlord&rsquo;s representatives as additional insureds on the liability policies required hereunder. All policies required
    to be carried by any contractor shall be issued by and binding upon an insurance company licensed or authorized to do business
    in the state in which the Building is located with a rating of at least &ldquo;A-: X&rdquo; or better as set forth in the
    most current issue of Best&rsquo;s Insurance Reports
 unless otherwise approved by Landlord. Certificates of insurance
 acceptable
    to Landlord
 evidencing the existence and amount of each insurance policy required hereunder shall be delivered to Landlord
    prior to the commencement of any work in the Premises. Further
 each policy will contain provisions giving Landlord and each

 non-renewal
    or material change in coverage. The above 




    
    




    
DAMAGE
    WAIVER OF SUBROGATION

    
    

    
Fire
    or Casualty.

    
    

    
&ldquo;Major
    Damage&rdquo; means damage by fire or other casualty to the Building or the Premises which causes the Premises or any substantial
    portion of the Building to be unusable
 or which will cost more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the pre-damage value of
    the Building to repair
 or which is not covered by insurance. In case of Major Damage
 Landlord may elect to terminate this
    Lease by notice in writing to Tenant within thirty (30) days after such date. If this Lease is not terminated following Major
    Damage
 or if damage occurs which is not Major Damage
 Landlord shall promptly restore the Premises to the condition existing
    just prior to the damage. Tenant shall promptly restore all damage to tenant improvements or alterations installed or paid
    for by Tenant or pay the cost of such restoration to Landlord if Landlord elects to do the restoration of such improvements.
    Unless the casualty was caused by Tenant
 rent shall be reduced from the date of damage until the date restoration work being
    performed by Landlord is substantially complete
 with the reduction to be in proportion to the area of the Premises not usable
    by Tenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event of Major Damage
 Landlord
 within thirty (30) days of the date of such
    damage
 shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause a general contractor selected by Landlord to provide Landlord with
    a written estimate of the amount of time required
 using standard working methods

    restoration of the Premises and any common areas necessary to provide access to the Premises 
    Landlord shall promptly forward a copy of the Completion Estimate to Tenant. If the Completion Estimate indicates that the
    Premises or any common areas necessary to provide access to the Premises cannot be made tenantable within two hundred seventy
    (270) days from the date the repair is started (when such repairs are made without the payment of overtime or other premiums)
    then either party shall have the right to terminate this Lease upon written notice to the other within ten (10) business days
    after Landlord&rsquo;s delivery of the Completion Estimate; provided
 however
 if the Lease is not terminated under this Section
    and Landlord reasonably believes at any time during the performance of the repairs that the repairs will not be completed
    within thirty (30) days of the estimated completion date set forth the Completion Estimate
 Landlord shall notify Tenant
    and either party may terminate this Lease within ten (10) days of the date of Landlord&rsquo;s notice.

    
    

8
2
Waiver
    of Subrogation.

    
    

    
Tenant
any
    alterations or tenant improvements it has made to the Premises. Neither Landlord
nor Tenant
    shall be liable to the other for any loss or damage caused by any of the risks that are covered by property insurance or could
    be covered by a customary broad form of property insurance policy
 or for any business interruption
 and there shall be no
    subrogated claim by one party&rsquo;s insurance carrier against the other party arising out of any such loss. Subject to the
    other provisions of this Lease
 if damage is caused by a risk that is not covered by property insurance or could be covered
    by a customary broad fonn of property insurance policy and such damages is caused by the other party or its agents
 employees
    contractors or invitees
 nothing contained herein shall be deemed to preclude a party from making a claim against the other
    with respect to such damages.

    
    

    
EMINENT
    DOMAIN

    
    

    
If
    a condemning authority takes title by eminent domain or by agreement in lieu thereof a portion sufficient to render the Premises
    unsuitable for Tenant&rsquo;s use
 then either party may elect to terminate this Lease effective on the date that possession
    is taken by the condemning authority. If this Lease is not terminated
 then rent shall be reduced for the remainder of the
    term in an amount proportionate to the reduction in area of the Premises caused by the taking. All condemnation proceeds (except
    those specifically allocated to Tenant&rsquo;s furniture
 fixtures
 and equipment
 if any) shall belong to Landlord
 and Tenant
    shall have no claim against Landlord for theses condemnation proceeds because of the taking. Nothing herein is intended to
    prevent Tenant from separately seeking and retaining condemnation proceeds from the condemning authority that are available
    for tenants
 including but not limited to relocation costs.




    
    




    
ASSIGNMENT
    AND SUBLETTING

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall not assign or encumber its interest under this Lease or sublet all or any portion of the Premises without first obtaining
    Landlord&rsquo;s consent in writing. This provision shall apply to all transfers by operation of law
 and to all mergers and
    changes in control of Tenant
 all of which shall be deemed assignments for the purposes of this Section. Tenant&rsquo;s request
    for Landlord&rsquo;s consent to an assignment or sublease shall be accompanied by a copy of the proposed agreements between
    Tenant and the proposed assignee or subtenant. Tenant shall provide Landlord with (I) any additional information or documents
    reasonably requested by Landlord
 within ten (I 0) days after receiving Tenant&rsquo;s notice
 and (2) an opportunity to meet
    and interview the proposed assignee or subtenant
 if requested. No assignment shall relieve Tenant of its obligation to pay
    rent or perform other obligations required by this Lease
 and no consent to one assignment or subletting shall be a consent
    to any further assignment or subletting. If Tenant proposes a subletting for which Landlord&rsquo;s consent is required
 Landlord
    shall have the option of terminating this Lease and dealing directly with the proposed subtenant. Notwithstanding the foregoing
    Landlord may at its sole discretion withhold consent to the subletting of the Premises to an existing occupant of the Building
    to any prospective tenant with which the Landlord or Landlord&rsquo;s agents have negotiated within the previous six (6) months
    where the prospective tenant is a government entity or a labor union
 or where any sublease will require any changes to any
    building systems. Tenant shall not advertise at a rate which is less than the Building&rsquo;s listed rate. If Landlord does
    not terminate this Lease
 Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to any assignment or subletting provided the
    proposed Tenant is compatible with Landlord&rsquo;s normal standards for the Building. If an assignment or subletting is permitted
    fifty percent (50%) of any net profit
 or net value of any other consideration received by Tenant as a result of such transaction
    shall be paid to Landlord promptly following its receipt by Tenant. Tenant shall pay any costs incurred by Landlord in connection
    with a request for assignment or subletting
 including reasonable attorney fees. not to exceed $750.

    
    

    
DEFAULT
    REMEDIES

    
    

I
    I.I
    

    
Any
    of the following shall constitute an &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo; by Tenant under this Lease (time of performance being
    of the essence of this Lease):

    
    

    
Tenant&rsquo;s
    failure to pay rent or any other charge under this Lease when due or within any grace period provided in th is Lease.

    
    

    
Tenant&rsquo;s
    failure to comply with any other term or condition within twenty (20) days following written notice from Landlord specifying
    the noncompliance. If such noncompliance cannot be cured within the twenty (20)-day period
 this provision shall be satisfied
    if Tenant commences correction within such period and thereafter proceeds in good faith and with reasonable diligence to complete
    correction as soon as possible but not later than ninety (90) days after the date of Landlord&rsquo;s notice.

    
    

I
    I. 
3
Failure of Tenant to execute the documents
such
failure
    of Tenant to comply with any Laws as required pursuant hereto within twenty-four (24) hours after written demand by Landlord
    if non-compliance possess a substantial risk of damage to the Premises or Building or bodily injury.

    
    

    
Tenant&rsquo;s
    insolvency
 business failure
 or assignment for the benefit of its creditors. Tenant&rsquo;s commencement of proceedings under
petition
    filed against it under such laws within the time required to answer; or the appointment of a receiver for all or any portion
    of Tenant&rsquo;s properties or financial records.




    
    




    
Assignment
    or subletting by Tenant in violation of Section I 0.

    
    

    
Remedies
    for Default

    
    

    
Upon
    occurrence of an Event of Default as described in Section I I.I
 Landlord shall have the right to the following remedies
    which are intended to be cumulative and in addition to any other remedies provided under applicable law or under this Lease:

    
    

    
Landlord
    may at its option terminate this Lease
 without prejudice to its right to damages for Tenant&rsquo;s breach. With or without
    termination
 Landlord may retake possession of the Premises (using self-help or otherwise) and may use or relet the Premises
    without accepting a surrender or waiving the right to damages. Following such retaking of possession
 efforts by Landlord
    to relet the Premises shall be sufficient if Landlord follows its usual procedures for finding tenants for the space at rates
    not less than the current rates for other comparable space in the Building. If Landlord has other comparable vacant space
    in the Building
 prospective tenants may be placed in such other space without prejudice to Landlord&rsquo;s claim to damages
    or loss of rentals from Tenant.

    
    

    
Landlord
    may recover all damages caused by Tenant&rsquo;s default which shall include an amount equal to rentals lost because of the
    default
 amortized Lease commissions paid for this Lease
 and the amortized cost of any tenant improvements installed by or
    paid for by Landlord. Landlord may sue periodically to recover damages as they occur throughout the Lease term
 and no action
    for accrued damages shall bar a later action for damages subsequently accruing. Landlord may elect in any one action to recover
    accrued damages plus damages attributable to the remaining term of the Lease. Such damages shall be measured by the difference
    between the rent under this Lease and the reasonable rental value of the Premises for the remainder of the tem1
 discounted
    to the time of judgment at the prevailing interest rate on judgments.

    
    

    
Landlord&rsquo;s
    Right To Cure Default.

    
    

    
Landlord
    may
 but shall not be obligated to
 make any payment or perform any obligation which Tenant has failed to perform under this
    Lease. All of Landlord&rsquo;s expenditures shall be reimbursed by Tenant upon demand with interest from the date of expenditure
    at the rate of nine percent (9%) per annum. Landlord&rsquo;s right to correct Tenant&rsquo;s failure to perform is for the
    sole protection of Landlord and the existence of this right shall not release Tenant from the obligation to perform all of
    the covenants herein required to be performed by Tenant
 or deprive Landlord of any other right which Landlord may have by
    reason of default of this Lease by Tenant
 whether or not Landlord exercises its right under this Section.

    
    

    
SURRENDER
    HOLDOVER

    
    

    
On
    expiration or early termination of this Lease
 Tenant shall deliver all keys to Landlord and surrender the Premises vacuumed
    swept
 and free of debris and in the same condition as at the commencement of the term subject only to reasonable wear from
    ordinary use. Tenant shall remove all of its furnishings and trade fixtures that remain its property and any alterations
    cables
 or conduits if required by Section 6.2
 and shall repair all damage resulting from such removal. Failure to remove
    shall be an abandonment of the property
 and
 following ten (10) days&rsquo; written notice
 Landlord may remove or dispose
    of it in any manner without liability
 and recover the cost of removal and other damages from Tenant. If Tenant fails to vacate
    the Premises when required
 including failure to remove all its personal property
 Landlord may elect either: (i) to treat
    Tenant as a tenant from month to month
 subject to the provisions of this Lease except that rent shall be one-and-one-quarter
    times the total rent being charged when the Lease term expired
 and any option or other rights regarding extension of the
    term or expansion of the Premises shall no longer apply; and/or (ii) to eject Tenant from the Premises (using self-help or
    otherwise) and recover all damages (including
 without limitation
 consequential damages) caused by wrongful holdover.




    
    




    
RULES
    AND REGULATIONS

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall abide by and adhere to the operating rules and regulations set forth in the attached 
    and any other rules and regulations as Landlord may from time to time reasonably institute. Any default or breach of such
    rules and regulations shall be deemed a default under this Lease and Landlord shall be entitled to exercise all rights and
    remedies available to Landlord as set forth in this Lease. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for the failure of any other
    tenant or any of its assignees
 subtenants or their respective agents
 employees
 representatives
 invitees or licensees to
    conform to such rules and regulations. Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enforce all rules and regulations
    fairly.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Tenant&rsquo;s
    officers and employees or those having business with Tenant may be required to identify themselves or show passes in order

    ALL EVENTS
 LANDLORD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO TENANT
 AND TENANT HEREBY WAIVES ANY CLAIM AGAINST LANDLORD
(I)
UNAUTHORIZED OR CRIMINAL ENTRY OF
    THIRD PARTIES INTO THE PRESMISES OR THE BUILDING
(II)
ANY DAMAGE TO PERSONS
 OR
ANY
    LOSS OF PROPERTY IN OR ABOUT THE PREMISES OR THE BUILDING
 BY OR FROM ANY UNATHORIZED OR CRIMINAL ACTS OF THIRD PARTIES
 REGARDLESS
    OF ANY ACTION
 INACTION
 FAILUIRE
 BREAKDOWN
 MALFUNCTION AND/OR INSUFFICIENCY OF THE ACCESS

    
    

    
CONTROL
    PROVIDED BY LANDLORD
Landlord may regulate access to any Building elevators and may (but shall have no
    obligation) adopt security measures regarding the Building as Landlord
 in its sole and absolute discretion
 deems appropriate.
    In addition
 Landlord may
 in Landlord&rsquo;s sole and absolute discretion
 modify the type or amount of security measures
    provided at any time without notice. Landlord shall have the right to enter upon the Premises at any time by passkey or otherwise
    to determine Tenant&rsquo;s compliance with this Lease
 to perform necessary services
 maintenance and repairs or alterations
    to the Building or the Premises
 to post notices of non-responsibility
 or to show the Premises to any prospective tenant
    or purchasers. Except in case of emergency
 such entry shall be at such times and in such manner as to minimize interference
the reasonable business use of the Premises by Tenant. Tenant acknowledges that
    it has neither received nor relied upon any representation or warranty made by or on behalf of Landlord with respect to the
    safety or security of the Premises or the Building or any part thereof or the extent or effectiveness of any security measures
    or procedures now or hereafter provided by Landlord
 and further acknowledges that Tenant has made its own independent determination
    with respect to all such matters.

    
    

    
Furniture
    and Bulky Articles.

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall move furniture and bulky articles in and out of the Building or make independent use of any elevators only at times
    approved by Landlord following at least 24 hours&rsquo; written notice to Landlord.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
A
    II notices between the parties relating to this Lease must be in writing and sent to the parties at the address set forth
    in the Basic Lease Terms
 Any such notices must be sent either by (a) overnight delivery using a nationally-recognized courier
    (e.g.
 Fed Ex
 Airborne Express or UPS) and delivery charges prepaid
 in which case notice shall be deemed given one (I) business
    day after deposit with such courier
 (b) facsimile
 email
 PDF file or other generally-recognized electronic means
 in which
a copy of such electronic transmission is sent within
    one (I) day after electronic transmission by overnight delivery using a nationally-recognized courier and delivery charges
    prepaid
 (c) personal delivery or mailed by U.S. certified mail and postage or equivalent
    charges prepaid
 in which case notice shall be effective upon receipt provided that if any party refuses delivery
 such notices
    shall be deemed given when mailed or
 if made by personal delivery
 upon delivery. Any notice sent by facsimile
 email
 PDF
    file or other electronic transmission after 5:00 p.m. local time where the Premises are located shall be deemed given the
    next business day. A party&rsquo;s address may be changed by written notice to the other party; provided
 however
 that no
    notice of a change of address shall be effective until actual receipt of such notice. Notice to Tenant may always be delivered
    to the Premises. Rent shall be payable to Landlord at the address set forth in the Basic Lease Terms for rent payments
 but
    shall be considered paid only when received by Landlord.




    
    




    
SUBORDINATION
    AND ATTORNMENT
 TRANSFER OF BUILDING
 ESTOPPELS

    
    

    
Subordination
    and Attornment.

    
    

    
This
    Lease shall be subject to and subordinate to any mortgages
 deeds of trust
 ground lease
 master lease
 and land sale contracts
    (hereafter collectively referred to as &ldquo;encumbrances&rdquo;) and to any covenants
 conditions and restrictions (&ldquo;CC&amp;Rs&rdquo;)
    in each such case applicable to encumbrances and CC&amp;Rs now existing against the Building. At Landlord&rsquo;s option this
    Lease shall be subject and subordinate to any future encumbrance
 ground lease
 master lease or CC&amp;Rs hereafter placed
    against the Building (including the underlying land) or any modifications of existing encumbrances
 and Tenant shall execute
    such documents as may reasonably be requested by Landlord or the holder of the encumbrance to evidence this subordination
    within ten (10) days of request therefor. If any encumbrance is foreclosed
sale
    gives to Tenant a written agreement to recognize Tenant&rsquo;s Lease
and
    this Lease shall continue.

    
    

    
Transfer
    of Building.

    
    

    
If
    the Building is sold or otherwise transferred by Landlord or any successor
 Tenant shall attorn to the purchaser or transferee
    and recognize it as the landlord under this Lease
 and
 provided the purchaser or transferee assumes all obligations under
    this Lease thereafter accruing
 the transferor shall have no further liability hereunder for obligations accruing after the
    date of transfer.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Either
0) days after notice fi-om the other execute
 acknowledge
 and
    deliver to the other party a certificate certifying whether or not this Lease has been modified and is in full force and effect;
    whether there are any modifications or alleged breaches by the other party; the dates to which rent has been paid in advance
    and the amount of any Security Deposit or prepaid rent; and any other facts that may reasonably be requested. If requested
    by the holder of any encumbrance
 or any underlying lessor
 Tenant will agree to give such holder or lessor notice of and
    an opportunity to cure any default by Landlord under this Lease.

    
    

    
ATTORNEY
    FEES

    
    

    
In
    any litigation arising out of this Lease
 including any bankruptcy proceeding
 the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
    attorney fees at trial and on any appeal or petition for review. If Landlord incurs attorney fees because of a default by
    Tenant
 Tenant shall pay all such fees whether or not litigation is filed. If Landlord employs a collection agency to recover
    delinquent charges
 Tenant agrees to pay all collection agency and other fees charged to Landlord in addition to rent
 late
    charges
 interest
 and other sums payable under this Lease.

    
    

    
QUIET
    ENJOYMENT

    
    

    
Landlord
    warrants that as long as Tenant complies with all terms of this Lease
shall be entitled
    to possession of the Premises free from any eviction or disturbance by Landlord or parties claiming through Landlord. This
    covenant of quiet enjoyment shall in no event entitle Tenant to any claims against Landlord arising out of any construction
    noise that may fi-om time to time occur during the term of this Lease
 including
 without limitation
 construction noise for
    the performance of tenant improvements.




    
    




    
LIMITATION
    ON LIABILITY

    
    

    
Notwithstanding
    any provision in this Lease to the contrary
 neither Landlord nor its managing agent or employees shall have any liability
    to Tenant for loss or damages to Tenant&rsquo;s property fi-om any cause (unless the result of Landlord&rsquo;s gross negligence
    or willful misconduct)
 nor arising out of the acts of other tenants of the Building or third parties
 nor any liability for
    consequential damages
 nor liability for any reason which exceeds the value of Landlord&rsquo;s interest in the Building.

    
    

    
ADDITIONAL
    RENT

    
    

    
Additional
    Rent: Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes.

    
    

    
Tenant
    shall pay as additional rent Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share of operating expenses and real property taxes for the Building.
    Effective January I of each year Landlord shall estimate the operating expenses and real property taxes. Monthly rent for
    that year shall be increased by one-twelfth of Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share of operating expenses and real property
    taxes
 provided that Landlord may revise its estimate during any year with reasonable cause and the additional estimate shall
    be payable as equal additions to rent for the remainder of the calendar year. Following the end of each calendar year
 Landlord
    shall compute Tenant&rsquo;s actual Proportionate Share of operating expenses and real property taxes and bill Tenant for
    any deficiency or credit Tenant with any excess collected. Tenant shall pay any such deficiency within thirty (30) days after
    Landlord&rsquo;s billing
 whether or not this Lease shall have expired or terminated at the time of such billing.

    
    

    

as used herein shall mean all taxes and assessments of any public authority against the Building and the land on which it is located
of fee
or charge imposed on Landlord as a direct consequence of owning or leasing the Premises
but
not limited to
 rent taxes
 gross receipt taxes
 leasing taxes
of
or in substitution for ad valorerm real property taxes or assessments
 whether now existing or hereafter enacted. If a separate
assessment or identifiable tax increase arises because of improvements to the Premises
then
Tenant shall pay one hundred percent ( I 00%) of such increase.

    
    

    
As
    used herein
 &ldquo;&ldquo;operating expenses&rdquo; shall mean all costs of operating
 maintaining
 managing
 replacing and
    repairing the Building as determined by standard real estate accounting practice
 including
to:
    all water and sewer charges not separately metered and paid by tenants; the cost of natural gas and electricity provided to
supplies
    and services for the common areas of the Building; administration costs
 management fees not to exceeds five percent of gross
    revenues for the Building; superintendent tees; security services
 if any; insurance premiums; licenses
 permits for the operation
    and maintenance of the Building and all of its component elements and mechanical systems; ordinary and emergency repairs and
    maintenance
annual amortized
    capital improvement cost (amortized over the useful life of the improvement for any capital improvements to the Building.
    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 if Landlord makes an expenditure for a capital improvement to the Building
    (or any portion thereof) by installing energy-
 water-
 or labor-saving devices to reduce operating expenses or to comply
    with any law
 rule
 regulation or other legal requirement or Green Agency Rating pertaining to the Building
 and if
 under
    generally accepted accounting principles
 such expenditure is not a current expense
 then the cost thereof shall be amortized
    over a period equal to the useful life of such improvement
 determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
    and the amortized costs allocated to each calendar year during the term
 together with an imputed interest amount calculated
    on the unamortized portion thereof using an interest rate of eight percent (8%) per annum
 shall be treated as an operating
    expense (a &ldquo;Permitted Capital Expenditure&rdquo;). In the event the average occupancy level of the Building for any
    calendar year was or is not one hundred percent (100%) of full occupancy
 then the estimated and actual operating expenses
    for such year shall be proportionately adjusted by Landlord to reflect those costs which have occurred had the Building been
improvements.
    Operating expenses
 excluding real estate taxes and insurance premiums
by
    more than five percent (5%) annually. In no event shall Tenant be required to pay Controllable Expenses in excess of the Controllable
    Expense Cap. As used herein &ldquo;Controllable Expenses&rdquo; are those Operating Expenses for which Landlord has exclusive
    control over the amount of increase over such Operating




    
    




    
Expenses
    and in no event shall Controllable Expenses include insurance premiums and deductibles
 utility charges
 Real Property Taxes
    or Non-Recurring Costs (as defined below). As used herein
 the Controllable Expense Cap shall be an amount equal to the amount
    of the Controllable Expenses for the Building during the calendar year 2017
 which cap amount shall be annually increased
thereafter. &ldquo;Non-Recurring Costs&rdquo;
    shall mean Operating Expenses that are not customarily incurred and budgeted monthly for by owners of comparable projects
    in the Portland
 Oregon area
 or are materially in excess of such customary and budgeted monthly costs
 such as costs incurred
    due to unusual weather (i.e. snow and ice removal
 wind damage
 excessive ground water)
 labor trouble
 shortages in supplies
    utility shortages or black-outs and costs that may arise in connection with a force majeure event or costs that do not occur
    annually.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
If
    Tenant disputes any computation of operating expenses in Section 20
 it shall give notice to Landlord not later than sixty
    (60) days after the notice from Landlord describing the computation in question. If Tenant fails to give such a notice
 the
    computation by Landlord shall be binding and conclusive between the parties for the period in question. lf Tenant gives a
    timely notice
 the dispute shall be resolved by an independent CPA selected by Landlord and approved by Tenant in Tenant&rsquo;s
    reasonable discretion
 whose decision shall be conclusive between the parties. Each party shall pay one-half of the fee of
    such CPA for making such determination except that if the adjustment in favor of Tenant does not exceed five percent (5%)
    of the escalation amounts for the year in question
 Tenant shall pay (i) the entire cost of any such third-party determination;
    and if the decision of the CPA in favor of the Tenant exceeds seven percent (7%) of the amount for the year in question
 Landlord
    shall pay the entire cost of the CPA. If the adjustment in favor of Tenant is between five percent (5%) and seven percent
    (7%)
 each party shall pay one-half of the fee of the CPA
 The CPA shall not be paid on a contingency-fee basis. Landlord
    shall promptly credit any sums found owing to Tenant
 and if the Lease has expired or been terminated
 Landlord shall promptly
    refund such sums to Tenant. Nothing herein shall reduce Tenant&rsquo;s obligations to make all payments as required by this
    Lease. In no event shall Landlord have any liability to Tenant based on its calculation of additional rent or rent adjustments
    except and only the obligation to cause any correction to be made pursuant to this Section 20.2. Tenant shall maintain as
    strictly confidential the existence and resolution of any dispute regarding rent charges hereunder.

    
    

    
HAZARDOUS
    MATERIALS

    
    

    
Neither
    Tenant nor Tenant&rsquo;s agents or employees shall cause or permit any Hazardous Material
 as hereinafter defined
 to be
    brought upon
 stored
 used
 generated
 released into the environment
 or disposed of on
 in
 under
 or about the Premises
    except reasonable quantities of cleaning supplies and office supplies necessary to or required as part of Tenant&rsquo;s business
    that are generated
 used
 kept
 stored
 or disposed of in a manner that complies with all laws regulating any such Hazardous
    Materials and with good business practices. Tenant covenants to remove from the Premises (or the Building
 if applicable)
    upon the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease and at Tenant&rsquo;s sole cost and expense
 any and all Hazardous
    Materials brought upon
 stored
 used
 generated
 or released into the environment by Tenant
 Tenant&rsquo;s principals
 agents
    employees
 contractors
 or invitees during the tem1 of this Lease. To the fullest extent permitted by law
 Tenant hereby agrees
    to indemnify
 defend
 protect
 and hold harmless Landlord
 Landlord&rsquo;s managing agent and their respective agents and
    employees
 and their respective successors and assigns
 from any and all claims
 judgments
 damages
 penalties
 fines
 costs
    liabilities
 and losses that arise during or after the term directly or indirectly from the use
 storage
 disposal
 release
    or presence of Hazardous Materials on
 in
 or about the Premises which occurs during the term of this Lease and caused by
    Tenant
 Tenant&rsquo;s principals
 agents
 employees
 contractors
 or invitees. Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of any
    release of Hazardous Materials in
 on
 or about the Premises that Tenant or Tenant&rsquo;s agents or employees become aware
    of during the term of this Lease
 whether caused by Tenant
 Tenant&rsquo;s agents or employees
 or any other persons or entities.
    As used herein
 the term &ldquo;Hazardous Materials&rdquo; shall mean any hazardous or toxic substance
 material
 or waste
    which is or becomes regulated by any local or state governmental authority or the United States Government. The term &ldquo;Hazardous
    Materials&rdquo; shall include
 without limitation
 any material or substance that is (i) defined as a &ldquo;hazardous waste
&rdquo;
    &ldquo;extremely hazardous waste
hazardous waste
&rdquo; &ldquo;&lsquo;hazardous
    substance
&rdquo; &ldquo;&lsquo;hazardous material
&rdquo; or &ldquo;waste&rdquo; under any federal
 state
law
    (ii) petroleum
 and (iii) asbestos. The provisions of this Section 21
 including
 without limitation
indemnification
    provisions set forth herein
and warrants to Tenant
    that to the best of Landlord&rsquo;s knowledge that there are no Hazardous Materials in
 on
 under
 or about the Premises
    in violation of applicable Jaws.




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
Complete
    Agreement; No Implied Covenants.

    
    

    
This
and
expressly
    set forth in this Lease. Neither Landlord nor Tenant is relying on any representations other than those expressly set forth
    herein.

    
    

    
Governing
    Law.

    
    

    
This
    Lease shall be construed under the laws of the State of Oregon.

    
    

    
Partial
    Invalidity.

    
    

    
If
held
    invalid
other
    than those as to which it is held invalid shall not be affected thereby
 and each provision of this Lease shall be valid and
    enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

    
    

    
Space
    Leased AS IS.

    
    

    
Except

&rdquo;
representation and its general duties
    of maintenance and repair
now
    existing with no alterations or other work to be performed by Landlord.

    
    

    
Captions;
    Construction

    
    

    
The
    titles to the Sections of this Lease are descriptive only and are not intended to change or influence the meaning of any Section
    or to be part of this Lease. All references to &ldquo;days&rdquo; in this Lease shall be construed to mean calendar days unless
    otherwise expressly provided and all references to &ldquo;business days&rdquo; shall be construed to mean days on which charter
    banks are open for business where the Premises are located.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Failure
    by either party to promptly enforce any regulation
 remedy
 or right of any kind under this Lease shall not constitute a waiver
    of the same and such right or remedy may be asserted at any time after the party becomes entitled to the benefit thereof notwithstanding
    delay in enforcement.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Except
    where otherwise provided in this Lease

    that party&rsquo;s consent is required under this Lease.

    
    

    
Force
    Majeure.

    
    

    
If
    performance by Landlord of any portion of this Lease is made impossible by any prevention
 delay
 or stoppage caused by governmental
    approvals
 war
 acts of terrorism
 strikes
 lockouts
 labor disputes
God
    inability to obtain services
 labor
 or materials or reasonable substitutes for those items
actions
    civil commotions
 fire or other casualty
 or other causes beyond the reasonable control of Landlord
 performance by Landlord
    for a period equal to the period of that prevention
 delay
 or stoppage is excused.




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
Each
    party represents that it has not had dealings with any real estate broker
 finder
 or other person with respect to this Lease
    in any manner
 except for the broker(s) identified in the Basic Lease Terms. Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify
 defend and
    hold Landlord harmless for
 from and against all claims for any brokerage commissions
 finder&rsquo;s fees or similar payments
herein arising from Tenant&rsquo;s
    acts and all costs
claims
 including reasonable attorneys&rsquo;
    fees and costs. Landlord hereby agrees to indemnify
 defend and hold Tenant harmless for
 from and against all claims for
    any brokerage commissions
 finder&rsquo;s fees or similar payments by any person arising from Landlord&rsquo;s acts and all
    costs
 expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with such claims
 including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and costs.
    Landlord shall pay a leasing commission in accordance with a separate agreement between Landlord and Landlord&rsquo;s broker
    and Tenant&rsquo;s broker.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Subject
    to Section I 0
 this Lease shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties
 their respective heirs
 successors
 and permitted
    assigns.

    
    

    
Financial
    Reports.

    
    

    
Within
    ten (10) days after Landlord&rsquo;s request
 Tenant will furnish Tenant&rsquo;s most recent financial statements to Landlord
    prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 certified by Tenant or an independent auditor to be
    true and correct. Tenant will discuss its financial statements with Landlord and will give Landlord access to Tenant&rsquo;s
    books and records in order to enable Landlord to verify the financial statements. Landlord will not disclose any aspect of
    Tenant&rsquo;s financial statements except (I) to Landlord&rsquo;s lenders or prospective purchasers of the Building who have
    executed a sales contract with Landlord
 (2) in litigation between Landlord and Tenant
 or (3) if required by court order.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing
 so long as Tenant&rsquo;s financial statements are publicly available online
 Tenant shall
    not be required to provide financial statements directly to Landlord.

    
    

    
Waiver
    of Jury Trial.

    
    

    
To
    the maximum extent permitted by law
 Landlord and Tenant each waive right to trial by jury in any litigation arising out of
    or with respect to this Lease.

    
    

    
Executive
    Order 13224.

    
    

    
Tenant
    hereby certifies all persons or entities holding any legal or beneficial interest whatsoever in Tenant are not included in
    owned by
 controlled by
 acting for or on behalf of
 providing assistance
 support
 sponsorship
 or services of any kind to
    or otherwise associated with any of the persons or entities referred to or described in Executive Order 13224 - Blocking Property
    and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit
 Threaten to Commit
 or Support Terrorism
 as amended.

    
    

    
Intentionally
    Deleted.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Landlord
    and Tenant shall keep the content and all copies of this Lease
 all related documents and amendments
 and all proposals
 materials
    information (including but not limited to rental terms
abatement
    construction allowance
 and any other concessions or terms of the business deal)
relating
    hereto strictly confidential and shall not disclose
 divulge
 disseminate or distribute any of the same
 or permit the same
    to occur
Landlord&rsquo;s
    or Tenant&rsquo;s employees
 attorneys
 agents
 insurers
 auditors
assigns
    (and Landlord shall obligate any such parties to whom disclosure is permitted to honor the confidentiality provisions hereof)
    and except as may be required by law
 securities regulations
 or court proceedings. This confidentiality provision shall be
successor
    and assigns and shall survive the expiration of this Lease. Tenant and its representatives shall be prohibited from issuing
    any press release(s) or communicating with the media regarding the proposed or agreed to transaction
 in which Tenant has
    not received prior written authorization from Landlord.




    
    




    
Building
    Name and Signage.

    
    

    
Landlord
    shall have the right at any time to install
 affix and maintain any and all signs on the interior and exterior of the Building
    as Landlord may
 in its sole discretion
 desire. Tenant shall not use the name of the Building or use pictures or illustrations
    of the Building in advertising or other publicity or for any purpose other than as the address of the business to be conducted
    by Tenant in the Premises
 without the prior written consent of Landlord. Additionally
 Landlord shall have the exclusive
    right at all times during the Lease term to change
 modify
 add to or otherwise alter the name
 number or designation of the
    Building
 and Landlord shall not be liable for claims or damages of any kind which may be attributed thereto or result therefrom.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Landlord
    represents and warrants that to the best of its knowledge the Premises is free from mold. Tenant shall not allow or permit
    any conduct or omission at the Premises that will promote or allow the production or growth of mold
 spores
 fungus. or any
    other similar organism
 and shall indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from any claim
 demand. cost
 and expense (including
    attorney fees) arising from or caused by Tenant&rsquo;s failure to strictly comply with its obligations under this provision.
    Similarly
 Landlord will maintain and repair the Building as provided in Section 6.1.1 of the Lease and in a manner that strives
    to prevent the production or growth of mold
 spores
 fungus
 or any other similar organism.

    
    

22.
    I 8
Survival
    of Obligations.

    
    

    
The
    provisions of this Lease with respect to any indemnity obligation or any obligation of either party to pay any sum in order
Lease
    shall survive the expiration or other termination of this Lease.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Except
    as herein otherwise provided
 no subsequent alteration
 amendment
 change or addition to this Lease shall be binding upon
    Landlord or Tenant unless reduced to writing and executed by both parties.

    
    

    
Execution;
    Counterpart; Signature Transmitted.

    
    

    
This
    Lease may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts
 each of which will be considered an original
 but all of
    which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures transmitted by facsimile
 PDF file or other form of
evidence of the
the applicable signatory
At the request of a party
 the other party will confirm an electronically
    transmitted signature page by delivering an original signature page to the requesting party.

    
    

    
Intentionally
    Deleted.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Exhibits
    &ldquo;A&rdquo; (Floor Plan Showing Premises)
 &ldquo;B&rdquo; (Landlord&rsquo;s Work)
 &ldquo;C&rdquo; (Rules and Regulations)
    &ldquo;O&rdquo; (First Offer Space)
 and &ldquo;E&rdquo; (Lease Confirmation)
 &ldquo;F&rsquo;&rsquo; (Parking Use Agreement)
    are attached hereto and incorporated as a part of this Lease. Exhibit F
 Parking Agreement is attached hereto.



    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the duly authorized representatives of the parties have executed this Lease as of the effective date.



    
Eastbank
    Commerce Center LLC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Eastside
    Distilling

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


EXHIBIT
A
Floor
Plan Showing Premises


    
    


EXHIBIT
&ldquo;B&rdquo;
Landlord&rsquo;s
Work

Except
as expressly provided below
 Tenant is leasing the Premises in its &ldquo;as is&rdquo; condition and Landlord shall have no obligation
to make any improvements to the Premises or provide Tenant with any improvement allowance. Landlord shall
 at Landlord&rsquo;s
sole cost and expense and using such Building standard materials and finishes as Landlord determines appropriate in its reasonable
discretion
 and as &ldquo;Landlord&rsquo;s Work&rdquo; perform the following:



    
    
Construct
    a demising wall between the columns on the east end of the Premises by the kitchenette
 as shown on Exhibit A; and

    
    
    

    
    
Patch
    and paint the walls of the Premises in Building-standard white.




    
    


EXHIBIT
&ldquo;C&rdquo;
Rules


Tenant
covenants and agrees to comply with the following rules and regulations as they may be modified or amended during the term:

1.
Unless otherwise permitted in the
Lease
 no sign
 advertisement
 display
 notice or other lettering shall be exhibited
 inscribed
 painted or affixed on any part
of the outside of the Premises or inside
 if visible from the outside
 or outside the building of which they form a part
 and
in no event shall Tenant place any signs
 displays or other advertising material on the glass of the leaseline of the Premises.
All signs
 displays
 advertisements
 and notices of Tenant shall be professional and maintained by Tenant in good and attractive
condition at Tenant&rsquo;s expense and risk. Tenant shall not use handbills for advertising at the Project. Any permanent signs
must be approved by Landlord.

2.
The bulletin board or directory
of the Building will be provided exclusively for the display of the name and location of tenants
 and Landlord reserves the right
to exclude any other names therefrom.

3.
The sidewalks
 halls
 passages
exits
 entrances
 elevators and stairways shall not be obstructed by any of the tenants or used by them for any purpose other
than for ingress to and egress from their respective Premises. The halls
 passages
 entrances
 exits
 elevators
 stairways
 balconies
and roof are not for the use of the general public and Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control thereof and prevent
access thereto by all persons whose presence in the judgment of Landlord shall be prejudicial to the safety
 character
 reputation
and interests of the Building or its tenants; provided
 however
 that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent access
by persons with whom the Tenant normally deals in the ordinary course of Tenant&rsquo;s business unless such persons are engaged
in illegal activities. No Tenant and no employees or invitees of any Tenant shall go upon the roof of the Building

4.
Tenant shall not alter any lock or
install any new additional locks or any bolts on any door of the Premises without the written consent of Landlord.

5.
The toilet rooms
 urinals
 wash
bowls and other apparatus shall not be used for any purpose other than that for which they were constructed and no foreign substance
of any kind whatsoever shall be thrown therein. The expense of any breakage
 stoppage or damage resulting from a violation of
this rule shall be borne by the Tenant who
or
whose employees
 sublessees
 assignees
 agents
 licensees
 or invitees
 shall have caused it.

6.
Tenant shall not overload
the floor of the Premises
 shall not mark on or drive nails
 screw or drill into the partitions
 woodwork or plaster (except as
may be incidental to the hanging of wall decorations)
 and shall not in any way deface the Premises or any part thereof.

7.
No furniture
freight or equipment of any kind shall be brought into the Building and/or Common Area Facilities without the consent of Landlord
and all moving of the same into or out of the Building and/or Common Area Facilities shall be done at such time and in such manner
as Landlord shall designate. Landlord shall have the right to prescribe the times and manner of moving all furniture
 freight
and heavy equipment in and out of the Building and/or Common Area Facilities
 including
 but not limited to
 requirements for
the protection of floor coverings
 walls and other surfaces during such moves. Landlord will not be responsible for loss of or
damage to any such safe or property from any cause and all damage done to the Building and/or Common Area Facilities by moving
or maintaining any such safe or other property shall be repaired at the expense of Tenant. There shall not be used in any Premises
or in the public halls of the Building
 either by any tenant or others
 any hand trucks except those equipped with rubber tires
and side guards. Elevators must be padded while moving freight via the elevators. All such heavy equipment shall be subject to
the requirements of Rule 26 below.

8.
Tenant shall not cause
any unnecessary labor by reason of Tenant&rsquo;s carelessness or indifference in the preservation of good order and cleanliness.
Janitorial service for Common Area Facilities shall include ordinary dusting and cleaning by the janitor assigned to such work
and shall not include cleaning of carpets or rugs
 except normal vacuuming
 or moving of furniture and other special services.
The work of cleaning personnel shall not be hindered by Tenant after 5.30 p.m. Tenant is responsible for cleaning his or her own
Premises. Tenant shall be responsible for transporting waste and rubbish from the Premises to the Building trash room.


    
    


9.
Nuisance.
 keep or permit to be used or kept any noxious gas or substance in the Premises
 or permit
or suffer the Premises to be occupied or used in a manner offensive or objectionable to Landlord or other occupants of the Building
by reason of noise
 odors and/or vibrations
 or interfere in any way with other tenants or those having business in the Building.
No animals (other than those aiding the disabled such as &ldquo;seeing eye&rdquo; dogs) or birds shall be brought in or kept in
or about the Premises or the Building and/or Common Area Facilities. No Tenant shall make or permit to be made any disturbing
noises or disturb or interfere with occupants of the Building
 or with those having business with such occupants by the use of
any musical instrument
 radio
 phonograph
 unusual noise
 or in any other way. No Tenant shall throw anything out of doors or
down the passageways.

10.
manufacture or sale
of liquor
 narcotics
 or tobacco in any form
 or as a medical office
 or as a barber shop or manicure 
written consent of Landlord. No Tenant shall advertise for laborers giving an address at the Premises. The Premises shall not
be used for lodging or sleeping or for illegal purposes.

11.
Hazardous Materials.
ordinances
 governmental rules and regulations
 Tenant shall not use or keep in the Premises or the Building and/or Common Area
Facilities any kerosene
 gasoline or inflammable or combustible fluid or material or any Hazardous Materials as defined in Section
1.2.4 of the Lease (including but not limited to asbestos or lead based paints) or use any method of heating or air conditioning
other than that supplied by Landlord.

12.
Telephones.
or cutting for or stringing of wires will be allowed without the consent of Landlord. The location of telephones
 call boxes and
to


13.
Keys. 
to the Premises shall be furnished by Landlord to Tenant at Tenant&rsquo;s cost
 and Tenant shall not make any duplicate keys.
All keys to the Building
 Premises
 rooms and toilet rooms shall be obtained from Landlord&rsquo;s office
 and Tenant shall not
from any other source duplicate or obtain keys or have keys made. The Tenant
 upon termination of the tenancy
 shall deliver to
Landlord the keys to the Building
 Premises
 rooms and toilet rooms which shall have been furnished and shall pay Landlord the
cost of replacing any lost key or of changing the lock or locks opened by such lost key if Landlord deems it necessary to make
such change. If Landlord determines that unusual burdens are created by Tenant&rsquo;s access requirements or practices
 Tenant
shall (a) bear the cost of such unusual burdens
 as determined by Landlord
(b)
if requested by Landlord
 make adjustments so
that such burdens are reduced to normal levels.

14.
Floor Covering.
 tile
 carpet or other similar floor coverings so that the same shall be affixed
to the floor or the Premises in any manner except as approved by Landlord. The expense of repairing any damage resulting from
a violation of this rule or removal of any floor covering shall be borne by the Tenant by whom
 or by whose contractors
 agents
sublessees
 licensees
 employees or invitees
 the floor covering shall have been laid.

15.
Premises Closure.
and that all water faucets
 water apparatus and electricity are entirely shut off before Tenant or Tenant&rsquo;s employees leave
the Building. Tenant shall be responsible for any damage to the Building and/or Common Area Facilities or other tenants caused
by a failure to comply with this rule.

16.
Disorderly Conduct
who
 in the judgment of Landlord
 is intoxicated or under the influence of liquor or drugs
 or who shall in any manner do any
act in violation of any of the rules and regulations of the Building.

17.
Tenant Requests. 
shall not be requested to perform any work or do anything outside of their regular duties unless under special instructions from
Landlord.

18.
Vending Machines.
 maintained or operated upon the Premises without the written consent
of Landlord
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.


    
    


19.
Bicycles.
 except in areas designated by
Landlord.

20.
Building Name and Address.
 exercisable upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Tenant
to change the name and/or the street address of the Building of which the Premises is a part.

21.
Fire Regulations.
and Tenant also shall provide Landlord with the names of a designated responsible employee to represent Tenant in all matters
pertaining to fire regulations.

22.
Tenant Advertising.

Area Facilities in connection with or in promotion or advertising the business of Tenant except as Tenant&rsquo;s address.

23.
Emergency Information.
must fill out a tenant emergency information sheet and return it to Landlord&rsquo;s office within three (3) days of occupancy.

24.
Installation of Burglar and Informational Services. 
 telephonic
 burglar alarm or similar services
it shall first obtain
 and comply with
 Landlord&rsquo;s instructions in their installation.

25.
Deliveries.
 subject to such reasonable
scheduling as Landlord
 in its discretion
 shall deem appropriate. No equipment
 materials
 furniture
 packages
 supplies
 merchandise
or other property will be received in the Building or carried in the elevators except between such hours and in such elevators
as may be designated by Landlord. Tenant&rsquo;s initial move in and subsequent deliveries of bulky items
 such as furniture.
safes and similar items shall
 unless otherwise agreed in writing by Landlord
 be made during the hours of 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m.
or on Saturday or Sunday. Deliveries shall be limited as set forth in the Lease. No deliveries shall be made which impede or interfere
with other tenants or the operation of the Building.

26.
Floor Loads.
floor was designed to carry and which is allowed by law. Landlord shall have the right to prescribe the weight
 size and position
of all equipment materials
 furniture or other property brought into the Building and/or Common Area Facilities. Heavy objects
shall
 if considered necessary by Landlord
 stand on such platforms as determined by Landlord to be necessary to properly distribute
the weight
 which platforms shall be provided at Tenant&rsquo;s expense. Business machines and mechanical equipment belonging
to Tenant
 which cause noise or vibration that may be transmitted to the structure of the Building and/or Common Area Facilities
or to any space therein to such a degree as to be objectionable to Landlord or to any tenants in the Building
 shall be placed
and maintained by Tenant
 at Tenant&rsquo;s expense

or vibration. The persons employed to move such 
acceptable to Landlord. Landlord will not be responsible for loss of
 or damage to
 any such equipment or other property from
any cause
 and all damage done to the Building and/or Common Areas by maintaining or moving such equipment or other property shall
be repaired at the
expense
of Tenant

27.
Energy Conservation
 
 water or air conditioning and agrees to cooperate fully with Landlord
to assure the most effective operation of the Building&rsquo;s heating and air-conditioning and to comply with any governmental
energy-saving rules
 laws or regulations of which Tenant has actual notice
 and shall refrain from attempting to adjust controls.
Tenant shall keep corridor doors closed.

28.
No Antennas.
 loudspeaker or other devices on the roof or exterior
walls of the Building and/or Common Area Facilities without obtaining Landlord&rsquo;s prior approval as set forth in the Lease.
Tenant shall not interfere with radio or television broadcasting or reception from or in the Building 

29.
No Soliciting.
 soliciting and distribution of handbills or any other written material
 and peddling in the Building
and/or Common Area Facilities are prohibited
 and Tenant shall cooperate to prevent such 


    
    


30.
The Premises shall not
be used for any improper. immoral or objectionable purpose. No cooking shall be done or permitted on the Premises without Landlord&rsquo;s
consent
 except that use by Tenant of Underwriters Laboratory approved equipment for brewing coffee
 tea
 hot chocolate and similar
beverages or use of microwave ovens
 dishwashers and refrigerators for employee use shall be permitted
 provided that such equipment
and use is in accordance with all applicable federal
 state
 county and city laws
 codes
 ordinances
 rules and regulations.

31.
Landlord may waive
any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for the benefit of Tenant or any other tenant but no such waiver by Landlord shall
be construed as a waiver of such Rules and Regulations in favor of Tenant
 nor prevent Landlord from thereafter enforcing any
such Rules and Regulations against any or all of the tenants of the Building.

32.
These Rules and Regulations are in
addition to
 and are made a part of
 the terms
 covenants
 agreements and conditions of Tenant&rsquo;s Lease of its Premises in
the Building. In the event the Rules and Regulations conflict with any term of the Lease
 the terms of the Lease shall control.

33.
Landlord reserves the
tight to make such other Rules and Regulations or amendments hereto as
 in its reasonable judgment
 may from Time to time be needed
for safety and security
 for care and cleanliness of the Building and/or Common Area Facilities and for the preservation of good
order therein. Tenant agrees to abide by all such Rules and Regulations hereinabove stated and any additional rules and regulations
which are adopted.

34.
Tenant shall be responsible
for the observance of all of the foregoing rules byTenant&rsquo;s employees
 agents
 licensees
 sublessees
 assigns
 and invitees.

35.
The loading
dock and service corridor are not for the use of the general public and Landlord shall in all cases retain the right to control
thereof and prevent access thereto by all persons whose presence in the judgment of Landlord shall be prejudicial to the safety
character
 reputation and interests of the Building or its tenants
 or invitees; provided that Tenant or its building-approved
contractors shall be able to use the loading dock in its normal course of loading and unloading activities
 for articles to be
delivered to or received from the Tenant&rsquo;s Premises. Children under the age of I 8 are specifically prohibited from being
in the loading dock and service corridor area at any time
 unless prior written permission is received from Landlord.

36.
As more fully set forth in the
Lease
 Landlord has designated the entire Building as a smoke free zone
 including 20 feet from any Building entry or opening.
The Tenant shall not permit smoking in the Premises.

37.
Except
as allowed herein
 no animals
 except those assisting handicapped persons
 shall be brought into the Buildings or kept in or about
the Premises. Dogs are permitted in the Common Area Facilities and the Premises only if on a leash
 currently licensed and fully
inoculated as required by law. In no event shall any dog be left unattended to in the Common Areas or in the Premises. No dog
may engage in any threatening behavior
 either to persons or other dogs. All damage caused by any dog will be the responsibility
of the Tenant. No dog will be allowed to deposit any waste in or around the Building. Landlord reserves the right to exclude any
dog from the Building.

JS.
Landlord shall have the right to designate and approve standard window
coverings for the Premises and to establish rules to assure that the Building presents a uniform exterior appearance. Tenant shall
ensure
 to the extent reasonably practicable
 that window coverings are closed on windows in the Premises while they are exposed
to the direct rays of the sun.

39.
All contractors
 contractor&rsquo;s
representatives and installation technicians performing work in the Building shall be subject to Landlord&rsquo;s prior approval
and shall be required to comply with Landlord&rsquo;s standard rules
 regulations
 policies and procedures
 which may be revised
from time to time.


    
    
















     






    
No.
    _________


EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.


__________
2018

1.
 For value received
 and subject to the terms hereof
 EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.
 a Nevada corporation (&ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;)
hereby promises to pay to the order of ________________________________________________ (&ldquo;Payee&rdquo;)
 the principal amount
of _____________________________ Dollars ($_________.00). This note is being issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of that
certain series of Note and Warrant Agreements dated of even date herewith (or such later date(s) as such agreements may be entered
into with additional investors) by and among Borrower
 Payee and the other investors set forth therein (collectively
 the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the terms set forth in the Agreement.

2.
. The principal amount of this Note shall be repaid in full
 together with any and all accrued and unpaid
interest on May 1
 2021 (the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;).

3.
. Interest shall accrue from the date hereof on any unpaid principal balance of this Note at the rate of five percent
(5%) per annum. All interest will be paid monthly in arrears and shall be paid on the last business day of each month.

4.
. Any and all amounts payable by Borrower to Payee hereunder shall be made in immediately available funds
and shall be paid at the address for such Payee as set forth in the Agreement
 or at such other address of which Payee shall give
written notice to Borrower.

5.
. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default hereunder
(&ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;):

(a)
Failure of Borrower to pay the principal or interest on this Note
 when and as the same shall become due and payable and such
failure continues unremedied for thirty (30) days;

(b)
The material default
 breach or violation of Borrower in the performance or observance of any of the other covenants
 agreements
or conditions of Borrower contained in this Note or the Agreement and such material default
 breach or violation continues unremedied
for a period of thirty (30) business days following written notice from Payee to Borrower; or

(c)
Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement
 statement or certificate given in writing pursuant
hereto or in connection herewith (including
 without limitation
 the Agreement)
 shall be false or misleading in any material
respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights
of the Payee with respect to this Note or the Agreement.

6.
. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder
 in addition to all other rights
 remedies and powers of
Payee under this Note or otherwise available at law or in equity
 Payee may
 at its option
 without notice
 declare the outstanding
principal balance and interest immediately due and payable in full without further notice to or demand on Borrower of any kind
including without limitation
 presentment
 demand or notice of demand
 protest or notice of protest
 notice of nonpayment or dishonor
and all other notices or communications in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance
 default or enforcement of payment
of this Note
 all of which are hereby waived by Borrower. Borrower also hereby waives all notice or right of approval of any extensions
renewals
 modifications or forbearances which may be allowed.


    
    


7.
. All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Note shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of the Agreement.

8.
. If any interest payment due hereunder is determined to be in excess of the then legal maximum
rate
 then that portion of each interest payment representing an amount in excess of the then legal maximum rate shall instead
be deemed a payment of principal and applied against the principal of the obligations evidenced by this Note.

9.
. This Note may be amended
 modified or supplemented by the parties hereto
 provided that any such
amendment
 modification or supplement shall be in writing and signed by both Borrower and Payee. No waiver with respect to this
Note shall be enforceable against Payee unless in writing and signed by Payee. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein
no failure to exercise
 delay in exercising
 or single or partial exercise of any right
 power or remedy by Payee
 and no course
of dealing between the parties
 shall constitute a waiver of
 or shall preclude any other or further exercise of the same or any
other right
 power or remedy.

10.
. This Note shall be binding upon the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Borrower
shall not in any manner assign any of its rights or obligations under this Note without the express prior written consent of the
holder of this Note.

11.
. If any provision of this Note is construed to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
 then the remaining provisions
hereof shall not be affected thereby and shall be enforceable without regard thereto.

12.
. The section and subsections headings in this Note are for convenience of reference only
 do not constitute
a part of this Note and shall not affect its interpretation.

13.
. This Note is made under
 and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
 the laws of the State
of Oregon applicable to agreements made and to be performed solely therein
 without giving effect to principles of conflicts of
law. EACH OF THE PARTIES (A) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF OREGON
 IN ANY AND ALL ACTIONS
BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES
 WHETHER ARISING HEREUNDER OR OTHERWISE
 (B) IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY SUCH ACTION
 AND (C) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS BY FIRST CLASS CERTIFIED MAIL
 RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED
POSTAGE PREPAID
 TO THE ADDRESS AT WHICH SUCH PARTY IS TO RECEIVE NOTICE PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT.

14.
. Borrower agrees to reimburse Payee for its out-of-pocket expenses
 including the fees and expenses
of its counsel
 in connection with the enforcement of the Notes or any of the Transaction Documents.


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 and intending to be legally bound hereby
 Borrower has caused this Note to be executed by its duly authorized
officer as of the day and year first above written.



    
    

    
    

    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Steve
    Shum

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    














     




AMENDED
AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This
&rdquo;) is entered into as of December 6

Date
 by and between Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
 and Robert
&rdquo;) (collectively
&rdquo;). The Parties had entered into (i)
an Employment Agreement effective April 2
 2018
 and (ii) a First Amendment to Employment Agreement effective October 5
 2018
(the &ldquo;Prior Agreements&rdquo;). This Agreement shall replace the Prior Agreements
 and shall be deemed controlling and effective
except to the extent of representations made in the Prior Agreements
 which shall survive indefinitely.

1.


(a)
. Executive will serve as President of the Company as of the Effective Date. Executive will render
such business and professional services in the performance of his duties
 consistent with Executive&rsquo;s position within the
Company
 as will reasonably be assigned to him by the Company&rsquo;s CEO
 to whom he shall report
 and the Company&rsquo;s Board
of Directors (the &ldquo;

(b)
. The term of Executive&rsquo;s employment shall end three (3) years from the Effective Date
 unless the
Company terminates Executive for Cause (as defined below) prior to the end of such three-year term. At or about six (6) months
before the end of the three-year term
 Executive and the Company will negotiate an extension to the term in good faith on mutually
agreeable terms. If no agreement to extend the term results from such good-faith negotiations
 Executive and the Company will
use best efforts to enter into a consulting arrangement for the provision of continuing services to the Company on mutually agreeable

Term

(c)
. During the Employment Term
 Executive will devote Executive&rsquo;s full business efforts and time to the
Company and will use good faith efforts to discharge Executive&rsquo;s obligations under this Agreement to the best of Executive&rsquo;s
ability and in accordance with each of the Company&rsquo;s corporate guidance and ethics guidelines
 conflict of interest policies
and code of conduct as may be in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 nothing in this letter shall preclude
Executive from devoting reasonable periods of time to charitable and community activities
 managing personal investment assets
and
 subject to approval of the Board which will not be unreasonably withheld
 serving on boards of other companies (public or
private) not in competition with the Company
 provided that none of these activities interferes with the performance of Executive&rsquo;s
duties hereunder or creates a conflict of interest.

(d)
. Executive&rsquo;s principal place of employment shall be at the Company&rsquo;s corporate headquarters in
Portland
 Oregon
 subject to business travel as needed to properly fulfill Executive&rsquo;s employment duties and responsibilities.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that Executive&rsquo;s principal place of residence may be outside of the State of Oregon.

2.


(a)
. As of the Effective Date
 the Company will pay Executive an annualized base salary of $150
000 as compensation
for his services
&rdquo;)
(such annual salary
 as is then effective
&rdquo;). All compensation paid
to Executive will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual
required withholdings.

(b)
. The Company will recommend to the Compensation Committee that it grant the Executive $37
500 worth of RSUs
within the first 5 days of the completion of each quarterly period subsequent to the Effective Date. Each award will be immediately
vested and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and an award agreement (collectively
&rdquo;). Notwithstanding the foregoing
 Executive shall not be entitled to any form of equity
award unless and until the Compensation Committee or the Board grants Executive the equity award and Executive executes and delivers
all applicable award agreements regarding the same.


    
    


(c)
. During Executive&rsquo;s employment
 Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company&rsquo;s biannual bonus
plan. Subject to the terms of this Section 2(c)
 Executive&rsquo;s target bonus shall be $100
000 per annum. Actual payments will
be determined based on a combination of Company results and individual performance against the applicable performance goals established
by the Compensation Committee. For 2018
 Executive will receive a pro-rated annual bonus based on the number of days Executive
is employed during the year. Executive must remain continuously employed through the bonus payment date to be eligible to receive
an annual bonus payment for a previous fiscal year.

3.
. Executive will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans and programs
generally available to the Company&rsquo;s senior executives
 subject to the terms and conditions of such plans and programs.
Executive will be entitled to other benefits and perquisites that are made available to other senior executives of the Company
each in accordance with and subject to the eligibility and other provisions of such plans and programs. The Company reserves the
right to amend
 modify or terminate any of its benefit plans or programs at any time and for any reason.

4.
. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of the
performance of Executive&rsquo;s duties hereunder
 in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s expense reimbursement policy as in effect
from time to time. In addition
 the company shall provide a $500 per month car allowance to Executive.

5.
. If Executive&rsquo;s employment with the Company terminates for any reason
 Executive will be
entitled to any (a) unpaid Base Salary accrued up to the effective date of termination; (b) pay for accrued but unused vacation;
(c) benefits or compensation as provided under the terms of any employee benefit and compensation agreements or plans applicable
to Executive; and (d) unreimbursed business expenses required to be reimbursed to Executive.

6.


(a)
. If Executive&rsquo;s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (as
defined below)
 then
 subject to Section 7
 Executive will receive
 in addition to the compensation set forth in Section 5
 payment
of the aggregate of Executive&rsquo;s Base Salary and continuation of his benefits for six (6) months
 such cash amount to be
paid out in a lump sum and the benefits to be paid in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s regular payroll practices
 except to
the extent timing of payments are modified by the 409A provision provided in Section 8 below.

(b)
. For purposes of this Agreement
 &ldquo;

(i)
Executive&rsquo;s willful and continued failure to perform the duties and responsibilities of his position after there has been
delivered to Executive a written demand for performance from the Board which describes the basis for the Board&rsquo;s belief
that Executive has willfully and continued to fail to perform his duties and provides Executive with thirty (30) days to take
corrective action (for example
 Executive&rsquo;s failure to adhere to the pre-arranged and mutually agreed-upon time spent in
Portland
 Oregon would constitute failure to perform Executive&rsquo;s duties and responsibilities of his position);

(ii)
Any act of personal dishonesty taken by Executive in connection with his responsibilities as an employee of the Company with the
intention or reasonable expectation that such action will result in the substantial personal enrichment of Executive;

(iii)
Executive&rsquo;s conviction of
 to
 a felony;


    
    


(iv)
Executive&rsquo;s commission of any tortious act
 unlawful act or malfeasance which causes or reasonably could cause (for example
if it became publicly known) material harm to the Company&rsquo;s standing
 condition or reputation;

(v)
Any material breach by Executive of the Company&rsquo;s standard form of Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Agreement
 in
 (such agreement
&rdquo;)
or any other improper disclosure by Executive of the Company&rsquo;s confidential or proprietary information;

(vi)
A breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company by Executive that has or could reasonably be expected to have a material detrimental
effect on the Company&rsquo;s reputation or business; or

(vii)
Executive (A) obstructing or impeding; (B) endeavoring to influence
 obstruct or impede; or (C) failing to materially cooperate
with
&rdquo;).
However
 Executive&rsquo;s failure to waive attorney-client privilege relating to communications with Executive&rsquo;s own attorney
in connection with an Investigation will not constitute &ldquo;Cause.&rdquo;

(c)
. If Executive&rsquo;s employment is terminated voluntarily
 due to death
or disability
 or is terminated for Cause by the Company
 then (i) all further vesting of Executive&rsquo;s outstanding equity
awards will terminate immediately; and (ii) except as set forth in Section 5
 all payments of compensation by the Company to Executive
hereunder will terminate immediately.

7.


(a)
. The receipt of any severance or other benefits pursuant to Section 6 will be
subject to Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release of claims in form and substance reasonably acceptable
to the Company in its discretion that becomes effective no later than sixty (60) days following Executive&rsquo;s employment termination
date (such date
&rdquo;). If the release does not become effective by the Release Deadline
Executive will forfeit any rights to severance under this Agreement. In no event will severance payments be paid or provided until
the Release Deadline. Any payments delayed from the date Executive terminates employment through the Release Deadline will be
payable in a lump sum without interest on the Release Deadline and all other amounts will be payable in accordance with the payment
schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. In the event the termination occurs at a time during the calendar year where the
release could become effective in the calendar year following the calendar year in which Executive&rsquo;s termination occurs
then any severance payments under this letter that would be considered Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits (as defined below)
will be paid on the first payroll date to occur during the calendar year following the calendar year in which such termination
occurs
 or
 if later
 (i) the Release Deadline
 (ii) such time as required by the payment schedule provided above that is applicable
to each payment or benefit
 or (iii) the Delayed Initial Payment Date (as defined below).

(b)
. Executive&rsquo;s receipt and retention of severance payments will be subject to Executive executing
and continuing to comply with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement.

8.


(a)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 no severance pay or benefits payable upon separation that is payable
to Executive
 if any
 pursuant to this Agreement
 when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits
that are considered deferred compensation (together
&rdquo;) under
&rdquo;) and the final regulations and official guidance thereunder
&rdquo;)
 will be payable until Executive has a &ldquo;separation from service&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 409A.


    
    


(b)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
 if Executive is a &ldquo;specified employee&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 409A
 any Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive&rsquo;s
separation from service
 will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one
&rdquo;).
All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits
 if any
 will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable
to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 if Executive dies following Executive&rsquo;s termination
of employment but prior to the six (6) month anniversary of Executive&rsquo;s termination of employment
 then any payments delayed
in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive&rsquo;s
death and all other Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable
to each payment or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute separate payments
for purposes of Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations.

(c)
Any amount paid under the Agreement that satisfies the requirements of the &ldquo;short-term deferral&rdquo; rule set forth in
Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes
of this Agreement. Any amount paid under the Agreement that qualifies as a payment made as a result of an involuntary separation
from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit will
not constitute Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits for purposes of this Agreement. For this purpose
 &ldquo;Section 409A
Limit&rdquo; means the lesser of two (2) times: (i) Executive&rsquo;s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay
paid to Executive during Executive&rsquo;s taxable year preceding Executive&rsquo;s taxable year of Executive&rsquo;s termination
of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued
with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17)
of the Code for the year in which Executive&rsquo;s employment is terminated.

(d)
The foregoing provisions are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and
benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A
 and any ambiguities herein
will be interpreted to so comply. Executive and the Company agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this
Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary
 appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional
tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to Executive under Section 409A.

9.
. By executing this Agreement
 Executive affirms the representations made in the Prior Agreements and represents
that Executive is able to accept this role and carry out the work that it would involve.

10.
. Executive reaffirms that certain confidentiality agreement dated as of [INSERT] between the Company
and Executive
 which remains in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

11.
. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs
 executors and legal representatives
of Executive upon Executive&rsquo;s death
 and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed
substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose
 &ldquo;successor&rdquo; means
any person
 firm
 corporation
 or other business entity which at any time
 whether by purchase
 merger
 or otherwise
 directly
or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive
any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent
and distribution. Any other attempted assignment
 transfer
 conveyance
 or other disposition of Executive&rsquo;s right to compensation
or other benefits will be null and void.

12.
. All notices
 requests
 demands and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed
given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally; (b) one (1) day after being sent overnight by a well-established commercial
overnight service
 or (c) four (4) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 prepaid
and addressed to the Parties or their successors at the following addresses
 or at such other addresses as the Parties may later
designate in writing:


    
    


If
to the Company:

Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
1001
SE Water Ave
 suite 390
Portland
OR 97214
Attn:
Chief Executive Officer

If
to Executive
 at the address set forth on the signature page hereto.

13.
. If any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal
 unenforceable
or void
 this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision.

14.
. The Parties agree that any dispute or controversy arising out of
 relating to
 or concerning the interpretation
construction
 performance
 or breach of this Agreement will be settled by arbitration to be held in Multnomah County
 Oregon
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement.

15.
. This Agreement
 together with the Confidentiality Agreement
 and the Equity Documents referenced herein
 represents
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements whether written or oral. No waiver
 alteration
 or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be
binding unless in a writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. In entering into this Agreement
no party has relied on or made any representation
 warranty
 inducement
 promise
 or understanding that is not in this Agreement.
To the extent that any provisions of this Agreement conflict with those of any other agreement
 the terms in this Agreement will
prevail.

16.
. The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement
 which must be in writing
 will not
operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this Agreement.

17.
. All captions and Section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a
part of this Agreement.

18.
. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes.
Any amounts payable hereunder are subject to any policy (whether currently in existence or later adopted) established by the Company
providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to Executive. The Company will make any determination for clawback
or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.

19.
. This Agreement and any disputes or claims arising hereunder will be construed in accordance with
 governed
by and enforced under the laws of the State of Oregon without regard for any rules of conflicts of law. Executive expressly consents
to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Multnomah County
 Oregon for any lawsuit filed there against
him by the Company arising from or relating to this Agreement.

20.
. Executive acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from
his private attorney
 has had sufficient time to
 and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement
and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

21.
. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
 and each counterpart will have the same force and effect
as an original and will constitute an effective
 binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned.


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 each of the parties has executed this Agreement
 in the case of the Company by a duly authorized officer
 effective
as of the Effective Date.



    
    

    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
Grover
    Wickersham

    
Title:
    
    





    
    

    
    

    
Robert
    Manfredonia

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    


EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Confidentiality Agreement


    
    














     




Exhibit
21.1

SUBSIDIARIES
OF
EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC. 

Big
Bottom Distillery
 LLC
Craft
Canning + Bottling
 LLC
MotherLode
Craft Distillery
 LLC


    
    














     



Exhibit
23.2

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 28
 2019 relating to our audits of the consolidated financial
statements of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. that appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
2018.



/s/
    M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
    

    
    

Houston
    Texas
    

March
    28
 2019
    




    
    













     





Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Grover Wickersham
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I area have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March 28
 2019



/s/
    Grover Wickersham
    

    
    

    
    



    
    














     





Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Steven Shum
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March 28
 2019



/s/
    Steven Shum
    

    
    

    
    




    
    













     




Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Grover Wickersham
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual
Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
Inc.

Date:
March 28
 2019



    
    
/s/
    Grover Wickersham

    
    
    

    
    
    


I
Steven Shum
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016 fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
Inc.

Date:
March 28
 2019



    
    
/s/
    Steven Shum

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    











begin 644 ex10-8_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &A ST# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
6\TL/$B1RJS)]0#

# Y'&22

M:?:36\UDOEJT2D$

M

D-DB0W]L
2


MZ4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

F\O

9..:U* BBB@ HHHH **** BB


MD8H [6BN
TWQRNI:UK.G1Q1@6*
XDTJSGU!8!F2
M8*5B3)P

M7BBS\0+YFD^52L^



CQ+J&HW&IIH]G#)%IY
;O.Y7S


MP;89=XV[O3- %^BJ']M:9]@:_P#MT'V13@S;QM!^M0VGB71;^1X[34[:9T0N


-9EW1EI -X]10!HT52O-4L[*S%S<7<4,+8VR2-A3GI]:SO#&M3:Y
M87%Q(83Y5R\*M!DJRKC!&?K0!O45R-CXGO)-7\065T+4+IH4QN4#;@2 Q).
M.PS6W%J\


)&DR3@$=C[?6@#K









*%PY52P&

M@RAO;K6QKUW'K7A.WO\ 3;=H USG5EMXVV[\#D^PY_




M#MP@#FZ%PTEPS#[S



MH!Q0!S_@:6W?PT4MGC*1W
ZJ$(PH\QBH_+%8'AC4[?PXWB&RU.00SI=R7$:O


?4B@#R+[&MKX*TFWU6V\J2]U83



MX8(*\?Y-
T;PY)9:O

.M 'FT;V4.A^)KN*+[.K8EFD *K^[;Y3^)SCVJ





_X1S2/$6CQ(PTN6
OY:

FV]U.0W4W&



YDAE)MUC:+R<[6R6)R3ZD]J[%H
M(W WHK =,C.* /')9[=_A_<P;XPO]LX,9 7%L_=_A''\ZZJTM=
_P$XOM.
MMS;16TVF)&]O&  YR?U_H:[?[+#S^Z3DY/RCDUQK0W_ (EUK6A8:E)8P6P2

D)^0R?RKTT# K-T31
MX]'LO*$C33.QDFG88:5SU8UIT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112$XH Q/%'B&#P[I37


M6 L;JY48Y1-O_CQKJ6X4FN5\,S'5M;U;6E#K76TA#=Q']XCZDF@!/&;1[M


M$=)NM


?TKMT4*B@   8P*  L%ZD#ZTH.:Y?Q3*T^K:%IB#)GNO.<9_@C&<

(H&2QW@_R!H I6WBO6+;4-#CU#['+;ZK'Y





PN8KD<9X5AG]#720730)
*


MD_AK6O#5X]WX5D6:&49GM+R0MN8=K'G)^M,C\?:PB.ESX0U(3J,?NP64M]=
MO _.N^X-)A10!P]OXQ\2WQVVWAY0]-T\NT ^^5'%:D$/BZ[!:YO;Q!YPP







;.(TZO@

YD/W?\: .9\01?\)AXRM=#



M-_-?#0-/U!G&H6&I+:W #G]X

ME7J1T_.@#7U'1;35$5;CSEVG.89FC)^I4@FLU_!.D
A7=?#(QD7LO'_CU0W_


RBMYP! DXF*_(RL 1@^O- %3_


MR?*F/O$]S[5L#QHLFHZ-;QV#&+5(A)'*\H7;QD@C'44 6?\ A#-+[RZ@?^W^

MHG4Y#QWDF1^9JCJ/@.SEADGM[[4H[Y8R(IC=


'R[V09_
U-I'B-K[4[C3+


M.2)HX9M0A!.28[V3.?SIG_'V1ZW^K'ZWTG^-=%10!SW_&Z?WNM3/\ V_R_


M

M:1I_=10!6&_@^P=V9KK4LDD\7L@'\ZZB@#GO^$,TL]9M1/UOI?_ (JC_A]

RD%;OD8_X_)?_ (JN






)KQ
F$]UQW%=5:


M6#


C:-

7&TLQ^4*N<;3N!Z]:


WOGL*[

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *



M#[.\
TF]73N#D9ZDGK3=+\&V^E7$3QZCJ
D$))BMI)R8T^@_QH U-


$#(Q^M=

C;([
M??8Y!//]*M0^K1-/U.RFO+JXCU%_,F,A7(?.=PP!ST_*@#;TV&2T1)+F2X



8XY;.WBTZ\GN[JW^T

MK


M65U


:)J5UI\RZ3J\TLMM=22

W4L]W)#&CSM*[L'8
M*H

ME &J2@+
Q9P
+P223Q]:ZJ@ HKDO$KV=MXCTEK[4;BSM;A9EE(OY8(R54%?N
ML .I]


NPL#T/N





@

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** N*\41OJ7BS1M/GMI'T^)S+*ZR!?G((3N#


L?$&G)?HUAI4PN[J2X(-]( N['R_PIYZ5U%% $$7VI;%?-\I[O9E@

MQ-6AT.QLDO([B2&=GN=\C1?:4+



M.


DEBVS).3TVCIUJ_=Z7J$]KHS(+9;FPF5W0R
48;&0X;;

X)79@9W'H3CWJ

2#

E

MEE$

MB@# ETO5)1IFHO):/J]H'$B@LD



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **K7NH66G1++?7EO:QL=JM/*J GT!)ZT66HV.I1M
M)8WEO=(IVLT$JN ?0D&@S1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &!XV /@
MG6,C/^C-3? V%\#:03@#[.?S-:&MZ0FN:;)82W5Q;PRC;)Y&S+KZ$LIP/I@

S@FEC6R9HE:
M:O#HMO+)_9LZPIODB.3GYO,+L&&<'&W
M\<UU%SX=MKN96EGN6A$XN#;EE,;.#D'D9&.@(![YJ-?#%I#KTVKVMQ=6L]P
M +B.%E\N;'=@5)!]P0:%TN#ZG.77B3Q!J.O:M9:-;S%].\M4B3R=DC'EO-+L

M($G$++MF Q]X


MUV-.BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 






X)/E
MANOI0!Z7N%9D^O6=MK=OI

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BO/\ 6O$VL:==LYG2-TOQ#]E0)(C0D'!8@95C
MCH2/I5_4]3U1/'


7]K;,PRHFF51[9-8.C
MZM?OXRU+1[FX\^&*%)8R452I(7(X X^;OGZU4^)P!\*+QTN4_D:'T\_^&!:N






/4
M$5%=W]G8*K7EW!;*QPIFD GVR:Y&VU74$\.: R2QV\%Q&1//$L:NIQ\JI'@
M@Y/8*?PZUA:KK%WKGPP^U7K*\ZW@C+A0-V#UP.,\]J;W_KO82UMYGJ8((!!R
M#WJD^L:9%)I-1LTB+E [3J%+#J







N!#'

L\;


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H






GL/XGI8H)O$VH0


MAN1C@]C5#PYI3:+HT5DSNP1F*AWW%03D#.!G'TK5HH YB7P+IDT
\1N+T)-=




MT.AW6_3#^XE^QR!L?W3V(P!VSQUJ9M0\7C6FU:WT*YMKF10DPBLY=LH&/O!L
5:3 2I_M9).1ZC!KKOAR=2AL+
MNSO=,DL8861H0\<BERV[=]\GT'3'7WKMJ* ,Y\*Q7.NKK!U._2\0%8RGE81



MW1YW8]=G2NJHH Q(O#


$!!]:B2PC\*:==3:=;
MW=XLDWF&V#9V[B Q4 9.!SCD\5T%% &=HVG06%O.T








7-R2OF.



HC=UW
M7
W:*/O^)H CN9)/$UZ]G:R;=*@($\J_\MF_N#V]:C\0^+(-$MVM=/B$]U&
MHC7[L8[9_P *A-Q+/8OIGA]5M[&!2LMZW &.NWU/7FJWA;0EO9X=3/RV$9)@


FJ+W-EX0TVWT^WB:XNY/NQ)RTC=V- %S6




)II[@*B!OG$2#DCK@YH6_I_7
MZ@]O4Z6_N3:VI=%#S
0D2?WG/ 'T]?;-%K FGV(1GR$!:20\;CU9C]3DU!%_

M3VT&MR3P8AETRYU1U DU&YDG_P YPH_(?K6Y.UM9)/?2[4IF20]=H[?SX]
Z$@ < _= _H+Z'_ (2#5[33!ITL46F7

MF8] *Y*&&;QA??:;I'CT:$_NH6X




)-/L](M9-5TV9+&]CY 5L++_L



M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !69XALK







MQ





M=O\ =!_.IM4MGU*X/V\-!I-GB1ESS
PYY _A'ZT 6/#;S7D5SJ4KR%;J8MC
M'A8APN!VSU_&MVN5L-5U?6;U9=/MX[;24#*'G4AI. 0O8=*J)XJU6VU:\TZ

DG



M;R6[V]U;
%EC8@XR
#]:Q/$6L7FLO;6%BWDZ==W*VIN#UE[L5_V<
M#KWKHK_4;'PUH(2!HLQ*(H8MX!9N@S_

M#C.?SJ_0/:B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

04!2


*3U(K2H

M$Z/IQ^S?Z'#_ *



M+_\ $4'PW?'/_$]U$^F9A_\ $UTE% ''Q^'_ !-6:ZQ4L3\S[CCMU2DNO#




MKA

-%&%6-E
M  _[XJ=?#VIG[^OW_P#P&5?_ (BNDHH I:992V%LT4UY/=
7+!YF!(&!QP!Q
MQ^M7:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
S-W_ 
\UE^/[.R\*


MN?2@#H:*I:7JEKJ^GPWUI)OAE7*GH?H1ZU=H **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MOW
-Y]1CV



MLV4
]S!'+Y;*JX8_
%R


M@ X##O0!Y3I-CKEEK


MZ1(ISDUW= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

MYSG/![54O?&FG6
^H12PW1^P2Q13


YQR1Z4=;!TN=C17&Z/XOO-3\;WVDM#;
MKI\*2&*4 [V*




M

MZOXIO-/T_P 0W$+V
SZ=)&L4823*[B




\ 4=;!TN=#K^EMK.D36W4UKYN 98?O 9Y'X]*\_2U
ML/!WQCC1O(MFTL@.W0L



MJW#&6YNY



M)/8@S1FLR+5PUPL5Q;R6V\A8S+_$3G@8^E1Q7MPTFH-&IGDBD)"!@8'/
M/U- &OFDR*R$&M3DL[V]JN 0-F\GV/-4X'O%UQ+6XO#(L49ED8?(O)X&/2@#
MI**16##(((/0BEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@#SOQ+HQUOQ[+;QOY=U'I(FMI/[DJRY4_T_&LC2#-XELO&K7$!CNI(8=\9[
QW-79^ $
M,OA^74G4A]1NY;HYZX+8'ZNABT^R@LVLX;.WCM6!!A2)0A!Z_*!CFI8((;:
6XBN)((GFASY4C(R9X.#U&?:ET2_KK_F4WJW_73_



TEH[@]58\IN(=!D/BV7












K3]9-V]I$=
U& S0&4

H&W)7CG'M7I-%#UO_7;




\]:I:KXITC1[

=

XVG!^N*Z/


M!X_*LK1=/U'2?B)87FM&/[9J:S95&W!

[




3R2;=TF

=IR.?:N5_P%
MV_#S_H8?_)*X_P#C='_[/AW_P!##_Y)7'_QN@#M[BRM[R P7
*2Q''R.
BJ

M^25Q_P#&Z .NFT+3+B*VBEL8&CMF#PKL&$(Z8%/L=(L=-61;.W2%9'


DKC_XW0!WV!Z5R7BQ/
M*\0^%[O@A+TQ$=2=Z_\ UJ31/BCX
\1ZQ!I.DZQ]HOI]WEQ?99DW;5+'ED '




M)C

9Y?A/46*=<D#\O7\*H



UA_I8O0!





US?VOQ:WW=
TM&]&NG/\DI/.\7MD&WT53V_?2G_V

G\]U '09KE?'MS/;Z



E '2T9I
Y%17$RP022N?E12





ML2R&0G@;FV@?G0!HR0I*

ML1



M^X'0T =OQ2UPUO\ $&*:RN+P63O&&)BC253(8P!EB
^IQC-277C9CHMEJ=G:









M3D
2:?HVFOH?C2XM!))

^F:LPF?CF
M
D@Y]N: /4M3UF+3HGZ23B)I5A4_
P7KC]*AO-?@@T%M2C^8F$2I'_$2V-HQ


--:VL;QJ78*2ZL1R!63X;:33KSQ=?7+[(5NF


@F



58H **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

MBO
6'S'32RGT_?'-2:WX M=:U6?46OKJWFEJ?*P!@8X/KT!H W&U&TUB\L
M]/OHS.(]N^



M+&RRMU_W8@*M;J

L1(#CZTXWEL%W-/$!ZEA0!/7'_$0 :%:R=TOX#_X]70OK.EQ_?U&T

M!


M?RHL=(M]/O+VZA:0R7D@DDW$8! QQ@=*OT4 9.N^'K/7].DLKEI8DD(+/ 0K


:DY(^;&
]ZRM'\-6

M+10 48HHH *
444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'G.J:Y_9'Q(-S)822 V




TH6X5)7+(CLHR54\ ^_6@#)T2#Q-K8GFF


M5EP)=2F*CV7_P UJOXBUA?#FM0ZA-:W-Q'/ 8 MNFXA@V[GL.* &_\ &WQ
M^_XKUD_20#^E

M Y]*BN/'2Z[I]QID.@ZJMS=QM%&#$-N2

M^-$ YCNF_WKR4_^S5TE-9=PQ0!Q'AWPCHEWI1DN;=IY//E4M),QX#D =?0

M2W7_ '64?^TJ */B[3_#OA^XTR1]'1K::1XGC@^4L2!M[C-=/'X)\-X!_LB#


M

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

,[2[-B^:W(
M/KSBI!IGBCS].DM],TVW%E\4:FY8\


MLSN2V!C/ XI8M


.J-J5BDT4+0A5M7((8@G

[35=*M;W4A;Q7LQCW1B.0CC/_/


(KZ:WE&V2/RXU#+Z9UT=M;I:VD=NF=D2!%R<\#@5*3A<BN?M?
M% U#S_L&F7MU'#






GR612*.1(Y'#


\#FN@I*7- !6%K2DZQHA5RN+A\X[CRV./TK=KF






/Q(TRZW?

_\-=MH^H+JVDVU
M^B
BW$8DMU&1TH O4444 ?/_P +/^3A?&O_ &_?^E:5] 5\_P#PL_Y.%\:_
M]OW_ *5I7T!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '/WG_ 4/1O\ L%7_ /Z-
MM*ZN?O/^2AZ-_VK_\ ]&VE=!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1







X^+^G#YBG]FOQV'
MS'_ZU '1)X:T2/[NE68_[8K_ (5.NC:8GW=/M!](5_PJ_10!5&GVBCVL ^D
M8_PIK:58,[.UC;%SU8Q+D_I5RB@LMA:)]VU@'TC'^%2K!&O2- /9:DHH :$


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



 +
MW '0GD_B: -J^OK;3;.2[NYEB@C&6=N@KB-2\1Z3K?B#0%TZ^\UX[LEE
;*#
A'[GX5R?@[-[INHSEBV[49N2
'M76G[OX5Q?PVA:'2=1R
M1M.HS8'Y#^E ':UR%U\OQ3L3_?TUQ^3YKK_6N.O=[_%+30J#:FGREFW#H6QT



M$4^)^MOGCRG./K



M_?\ I6E?0%?/_P +/^3A?&O_ &_?^E:5] 4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10!S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_P#HVTKH*Y^\_P2AZ-_VK_ /\ 1MI704 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% 'GMHE\GQ(U);%K=7:VWL9U8C'FOZ$5O:AI.N:I (9[W3EBWHY46KG.U@

FJQZB=7MTGCA:$;+0XVL




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH




MAZ-_VK_ /\ 1MI705S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_ /HVTKH* BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#Q_P 0

;YI[*.1VP !EB
G  'X
M5YOXA_Y.A\)_]@J3_P!!NJ]@H Y__A!/!_\ T*FA_P#@NA_^)H_X03P?_P!
MIH?_ (+H?_B:ZB@#G_^$$\'_P#0J:'_ .Z'_XFC_A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_
M^)KH** .?_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:/^$$\'_\ 0J:'_PZ'_XFN@HH S]
M

GKZFMBB@ HHHH *\?^$'_)0_B=
M_P!A4?\ HVXKVO'_A!_R4/XG?\ 85'_ *-N* /8**** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** .?\=_\ )//$O_8*NO\ T4U'@3_DGGAK_L%6O_HI:/'?


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M /S_DX7QK_V_?\ I6E?0%?/_P +/^3A?&O_ &_?^E:5] 4 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110!S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_P#HVTKH*Y^\_P2AZ-_VK_ /\ 1MI7
M04 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% 'C_B'_DZ'PG_ -@J3_T&ZKVO'_$/_)T/A/_ +!4G_H-
MU7L% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!2GU&RB=H9;N&.0#)5I  :H^%
@BG:
2/$P4 J1U(.
Y'2NC\'R

M &KK_T4U'@3_DGGAK_L%6O_ **6CQW_ ,D\\2_]@JZ_]%-1X$_Y)YX:_PP

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


M1MQ0![!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S_CO_DGGB7_L%77_
M **:CP)_R3SPU_VK7_T4M'CO_DGGB7_ +!5U_Z*:CP)_P D\\-?]@JU_P#1
M2T =!1110!\__S_ ).%\:_]OW_I6E?0%?/_ 
+/^3A?&O\ V_?^E:5] 4 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_ /HVTKH*Y^\_Y*'HW_8*
MO_\ T;:5T% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


M^
T =!17/_\ 9:7_P ^NN?^*]_^


MY_X(KW_XS1_PF6E_\^NN?^*]_\ C- '045S_P#PF6E_\^NN?^*]_\ C-'_
M  F6E_\ /KKG_@BO?_C- &[(P6




M Y^\_P2AZ-_VK_ /\ 1MI705S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_ /HVTKH* BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@#C]1\_;_BAI/C3^T?+_L^T:V^Q^1GS
B4;M^[C_6]-I^[[\=A110 4444


M8G '4US?@-67PC:
S[C(\LA/N9&/]: .GKQ_X0?\E#^)W_85'_HVXKVO'_A
M!_R4/XG?]A4?^C;B@#VBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#G_'

M/WG_ 4/1O\ L%7_ /Z-M*Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@O? FQFD@[#@CMQ7.?#MS)X)L3D@R#\I&K2\77EQIW@S7+ZTD\NYM
M=/GFA?:#M=8V93@Y!Y X-4_ $Q_#_P^X)+36
-PY.!EW0.W3W8T =+7C_P@

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S_CO_DGGB7_L%77_ **:CP)_R3SPU_VK7_T
M4M'CO_DGGB7_ +!5U_Z*:CP)_P D\\-?]@JU_P#12T =!1110!\__S_ ).%
M\:_]OW_I6E?0%?/_ 
+/^3A?&O\ V_?^E:5] 4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110!S]Y_R4/1O^P5?_ /HVTKH*Y^\_Y*'HW_8*O_\ T;:5T% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '/^._\ DGGB7_L%77_HIJ/ G_)//#7_ &K
M7_T4M'CO_DGGB7_L%77_ **:CP)_R3SPU_VK7_T4M '04444 ?/_P +/^3A


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110!S_CO_ ))YXE_[!5U_Z*:CP)_R3SPU_P!@JU_]%+1X

MP5X_\(/^2A_$[_L*C_T;




W4

MKK_T4U
^'\\4_P ._#9BE20+IELA*
#AA$H(^H(((H Z.O'_ (0?\E#^)W_8

M4M'CO_DGGB7_ +!5U_Z*:CP)_P D\\-?]@JU_P#12T =!1110 5\_P#Q3_Y.
M%\%?]N/_ *5O7T!7S_\ %/\ Y.%\%?\ ;C_Z5O0!] 4444 %%%% !1110 44


A
D3)NFD9=W\0)ZCVH [4UR5I'N^)NHN
MRE2FG1!?1@7;G]*ZTUR-EQ\4=27J#IT1'_?1H ZX=*6@44 %%%% !1110 44

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% '
^&OEUKQ''Z7JG\XDKIJY/PM/]H\1^*'X47B+D=1& ?Y5UE !111

MX;L'(MEQ+J
[.:Z&@!#7(P<?%:[(/!TA?KYE=<:Y.TV_\+*U'YE!&GQ #G)^8
M\T =:**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .?\=_\D\\2_P#8*NO_


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Y^S_Y*'K/_8*L/_1MW705S]G_ 
E#UG_L
M%6'_ *-NZZ@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


MX[_Y)YXE_PP5=?^BFH\?\ )//#7_8*M?\ T4M:&NZ9_;?A[4])\[R?MUI+

C.













:A5P)
D 8Q^E4;;0O$
ML.O76LM=:9]HG@6'RA$Y4 '(YSG\?TH Y/QM\=/^$.\7WV@_\(Y]L^R^7^_^


MX'KSG.?TJ[0!\_\ _#37_4H_^5+_ .U4?\--?]2C_P5+_[57T!10!\__P##
M37_4H_\ E2_^U4?\--?]2C_Y4O\ [57T!10!\_\ _#37_4H_^5+_ .U4?\--
M?]2C_P5+_[57T!10!\__P##37_4H_\ E2_^U4?\--?]2C_Y4O\ [57T!10!
M\_\ _#37_4H_^5+_ .U4?\--?]2C_P5+_[57T!10!\__P##37_4H_\ E2_^
MU4?\--?]2C_Y4O\ [57T!10!\_\ _#37_4H_^5+_ .U4?\--?]2C_P5+_[5
M7T!10!\__P##37_4H_\ E2_^U4?\--?]2C_Y4O\ [57T!10!\_\ _#37_4H_
M^5+_ .U5P'BKXF_\)-\0]$\5_P!D?9O[
\C_ $7[3O\ -\N5I/O[!C.['0XQ
MGFOK^OG_ .*?_)PO@K_MQ_\ 2MZ #_AIK_J4?_*E_P#:J/\ AIK_ *E'_P J
M7_VJOHB@#Y__P&FO\ J4?_ I?_:J/^&FO^I1_\J7_ -JKZ HH ^?_ /AI
MK_J4?_*E_P#:J/\ AIK_ *E'_P J7_VJOHB@#Y__P&FO\ J4?_ I?_:J/
M^&FO^I1_\J7_ -JKZ HH ^?_ /AIK_J4?_*E_P#:J/\ AIK_ *E'_P J7_VJ

M\M

M M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?/_P 4_P#D




M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7S_\
M%/\ Y.%\%?\ ;C_Z5O7T!7S_ /%/_DX7P5_VX_\ I6] 'T!1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S_@W_D!W/_85U+_TMFKH*Y_P;_R
M[G_L*ZE_Z6S5T% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7S_\4_\ DX7P5_VX_P#I6]?0
M%?/_ 
4_^3A?!7_;C_Z5O0!] 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M &X_^E;T ?0%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '/\
M@W_D!W/_ &%=2_\ 2V:N@KG_  ;_ 
@.Y_[NI?^ELU=!0 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 5\_\ Q3_Y.%\%?]N/_I6]?0%?/_Q3_P3A?!7_;C_ .E;T ?0%%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '/^#?\ D!W/_85U+_TM

M&_\ (#N?^PKJ7_I;-704 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?/_P 4_P#DX7P5_P!N

M?]N/_I6] 'T!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S_@


MBWQ%YD2
WF0D%E!.E=.MMHXB0?110!BGQEH8Q_IC')P




M;.3[OKTJ*7QU80PO



M=71AE64Y!'J#3J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@#E=
E%KXQ\1O.Z)&$MWW






KGL7PH^IP?TS66?BO=M*%\G3HT+8SOD;

MW; ;\1G^E=QJ/_%66O6NEW6F6+7MR0JJMNIVD\#=Z9K?'AC05'RZ-IX_PW

_B^\B7S[CQ$TA7E8XH!SZY
M'IZ5[3)_9^GPF5UMX(XADN5A0/Y5GP^

M?_BFZB9O)UF2)^B2W2].V1FJVD^&?&VC:C]ILK6*?A/

1F@#S:5?B5;WD<X-G<@J084(_4YQ_.FW
M&O?$*RMWO+K1[

3*1R5^E
M;9P1]: .
\+^

M]C\M4!K\!42

B&$KR
8JG
&D0'/..AH U;?5WN-12.
M
KY)DVMNX(^4D8_SVKY^\47:7?Q_\/LB%-FHVR
#W(NFKV?3(M^I( R\MN;C
MH17BGB)$3X_:#L8

M^08[9R?T3]:L?%F\9/#]II\?
EY

S-_@ ?SKK?BGJIL/9MD)$E[((N/[HY;^0'XUR:^#)$^&#W\]_<1-L-VML
MF!&V<8W#J3@#'/'IUS=KR^1;5TH]SV.O+?BE;7FJ^(-$TFURQF#;4[;B0
G
MZ ?SK1^$NIW=[H5W;W
CRI;2@1
YR0/N_08_6NT?2[636(M4=2US%84)Z*


1J6D6-&89S@G/&*
M[OQ9#$OA;5KA8T$OV63Y]@)^Z:\8\











YP:A+Q6\NZ!L



M)(B44AQC-7]1N1)*KCDM[8JN0'&



MD_F
 @&RK@MTM=40*2H.3U&*M*2S\' )YH Q9[.3B5@N[MDT^2WDPC2H%8BK

M/9_'OP^EPH!?4K9TP1]TW1QT^E?1


A5_.O0-

M_P#H.Z9_X%Q_XUQGBC7G\7S+X9\-L9UD8&[NE'[M$!Z9]/7UZ#.:WT^''A-'


M^5=!\2-4%OHT'AS3T



MKP[':3;3=2
99R.@8]OP  KHZ*K:A?VNEV

LQ_D/4^U4WU8DNAP


#
M\*Y[1_#EWXF\3-XHUR!X;=2/L=G*/FVC[I8=AWQW)].OH=):+7=@]7IL@HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ K@/B#.$U_PHF.?MP;/XJ
*=*BN'




ME+H%AH=_=ZJ[3:T@816=PA 1SQG'?GDYKTC1XE\1^






M^W

M0^M
2%S(




M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *X7QV=VO^%449D^WA
M@




('




M.\FU6:.2S\Q_)


MG59XO

MZLC!QG@_3BMR
%DP6P: 

/(?)_:\+#
M'WKJT;_R::O?8;40S*R







A\X
DO!+M



M2E&)!D0\






)P





CC+$XZX7 _$UJ:;I
MW]FV[0_;+NZW-NWW4N]A[ ^E*ED+6.\:W:0RW#M*22
@#K\BLW7M3&CZ-=7YC






[;FMI5

D6FO'-.5&[YF8#&/8$F@#OM%L8=.TBUM8 HCCC

M)']G@
K9Z 
1QCZ5[QK@\SP[J*^MK(

^NX;72H)=KF!.'<=AGD_7


MP:1$6- JCCH*&=4QN8+N.!DXR?2AT21DBJRGJ&&10 ZBHYIEA0
P)!95X]


K#((.010 M?/

;W\CN_
M7BJ3Q1HSO=*BWEN^R78


MO/? =U!YOB+7KF14CN;_ 







M+_LAL'Z\#\J^@/%;B3P7JKQMP;.1@P_W:^=51AI#O_ TZKR.X4]_QH ]Z^&\





9 QCGF@#

M (FTO04;


Z7

MGC\*F  & 

M /HBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH XF_P#'K:7XX&BZA;16UCQ_I3


+XAU

1-]\DP@7
MA79I


6\^J^$W@M9MLUS:823/&67K5'1?,-I+;WFH-]JO($1*1^Z@ [(O\

M)\57:_Z1J.LQA
_PQ#( 'Y?I0!Z3XF1(?!NIQA3M6SD4 #/&TBO(=%TNUO/A


O&6G7FF/:6&G#
M43*PB6:2/]WN.?N'J3]*UM
^'FE:=$L^I2OJ$D2G'G\1HOLO:LW047Q!XAG\
M27.V'1M/W1V


M.@ %2^='N[UST SS7%VWB#7/%# Z78PT\'YKB[R&D7_9 Z?6L#PWX8MV\=
MM+82S26NF.?.N)7#--
1R![#- 'J]%%% !1110 4444 0-
RW:1 #:RY)[]_
M\*GJI)_R$HO]W_&K= !1110 5\__ !3_ .3A?!7_ &X_^E;U] 5\_P#Q3_Y.
M%\%?]N/_ *5O0!] 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%1
M^:N[;D;NN





M

@!:*** D(R


HKTPD*,D\O-O#_B71[^U:_N;K,EW<


Y7!_G^= '4^)EW^%=57UM)1_XZ:\EL#Y/P8OW4
M;C/>X(/\/*CC\A7KVND?\(YJ))P/LLG./]DUY/!:31_!*67

X^3491_Z#0!W(I&Z4HH/(H
M\YT+7+#1M)UF]NW074FI7)BBZL[CH%'7GBMOP=H





I;)+Y1
MO9UA+^B\D_RK



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M?$*#SC



W+$W=PT[[L<$]A[?XUITM !1110 4444 %

8_3O0!M:_X]M-


L=2C8#V'7^8H ZK7\#PYJ/S

D?*:\QT6\M]0^&DNA3
M;TN!;2W

J


MH.E $5SO^RR^7C?M.W/KCBN&^%C2)X8N'GEW$WCY!'0\9_6N\;[IK@O %PO]









O





#Z#)YK+T_P ;^'[BS#O?P6KJ



\


MG=1+)%*I4@C./?ZUSUY+_P (1X+BM[=S/-'BWWC&]V/&: 'ZSXB@TN\6RTN
MQ%]JLY^:*( ;?=V X%/MX/%Q_?S7NG D9^S_ &=B ?3=N_7%6?^B?V1I@\_

M$BJ6)8XX'6NN[;4OB!%-(]IHH1OLREL&Y?HK
.RYYH P(+Z+QK\2;7SXB+


MY.1G.*I76?M:@_=]


@=&R?R-.&2H)&#CD4V.3S-W
MRLN#CYAC/ /'YTQ+RVE.$GC)W%
#WS
M4S*9(F4\%EQ]*26





M3MM0TNW$
Z=:SO_ 'GB!/YU5;PAX=$94Z+88(P?W_X4 4_&][.FB0VUHY5





[Z[

MP;^];QG_ 

9]!C^E;@H 9*
Q

9%D\.:@ZGY1?R$9]%H [C8
UDWW%VHK2\]0

M&Y
@7'&VF';M4=L4Z%E+C'I0!8HHHH 0@





MB.3MT$*K



MDR+7Y6R2I'4D#]* /4_AJ9#X&L/

M3FNEH 9*
Q

MB@ HHHH K7G

5V@ XSD')Z?A5FXRL![YK/
4CV^654.XX7=G(SP: +
(W
6;[

MTVXN78*D








)R3N8# P.3GM0![U1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %(W0TM(: .-\),+7Q%XET[<5W@N%1NN'4$G\ZU?$'BO3_  X(OMIE
M:64$I#$FYF ZG\*QX'CL_BO=P_

M9 +I\N?Q% #]+^(BZKXD@M(;3;IT[&.*X8D

MF;N2T
H01LW!8$\=P


M58L@^AS0!TFHJ/[)NE/ \EQS]#6-X!8-X(TLCIY1'_CQK3UG#:%?Q_Q&VD&/




;;8_0USOA%I6\
7DEP&DN


<:UJGB*+

MR[5[G(/]:W:I:;=7URLYOM.^Q%)2L8\]9/
3L_'3/H: &MIL9A* 8)'6N:O_

7Q6TJXSQ


O /MU_*M_P &Z2EGIK7LDPN+R^(FGGR#DD= ?04 +H&AWUM?2ZCJ


MK?HH \\N?_C_U(WMSJ.F$E-GE;9-@'TJLGP\UA(O*CN-'A4$D;+5C@GJ1D
MUZ910!Y@_P 

MX$U6P\W[/XHN(O.;=(4MD&XXQ_2IQX)U(S-
_BO4O
90I944$@9P/U-=G10!


M044 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !0:** ..^(EHLVC6MW(-T=G=1RR
M+ZIG!_0TOPX


M\O+R1;[3KQ95DL!'$XD'\?S9(]B #0!W%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 8!J..WBBDD=%PTA!8
MY/) Q4E% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
%10!__]D!
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    

 2018 and December 31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 57%; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
300

 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30


306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9

341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &amp;#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part

192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal is due on June 30

101

300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
495



300

161


 2018

300

300




110
997
 based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering&#13;warrants

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
&#13;including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike many distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon&#13;to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and&#13;expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known&#13;spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners&#13;subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
&#13;during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&amp;#8220;RRW&amp;#8221;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
 of&#13;the duo &amp;#8220;Big &amp;#38; Rich.&amp;#8221; Supported by John Rich&amp;#8217;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern and&#13;Gulf States in early 2018 primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&amp;#8220;RNDC&amp;#8221;). During 2018
 its first&#13;year on the market
 RRW generated strong commercial progress and results
 and we have focused our sales efforts outside of Oregon&#13;on RRW. We believe RRW will be a key growth engine in 2019 and will also provide a &amp;#8220;coattail&amp;#8221; effect for our other&#13;brands

 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek to utilize our small&#13;size to our advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
 our team can leverage&#13;its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate more of our attention&#13;and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the light-whiskey segment&#13;is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went&#13;from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative&#13;in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low&#13;sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable&#13;spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique&#13;taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey

 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions. In May 2017
&#13;we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&amp;#8220;BBD&amp;#8221;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium gins&#13;and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&amp;#8217;s&#13;super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &amp;#8220;high end&amp;#8221; of the market. In December of 2018
 we acquired the remaining&#13;10% of BBD. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery (&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in&#13;March 2017
 and now Craft Canning
 acquired in January 2019
 we also provide contract bottling
 canning
 and packaging services&#13;for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers. We intend to use our canning equipment
 at MotherLode and Craft Canning
&#13;to profit from the rapid growth in canned beverages (Beer
 Wine
 Spirit-based RTD&amp;#8217;s and CBD). We believe our significant&#13;capacity expansion (and regional reputation) due to the more recent acquisition of Craft Canning

 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private&#13;parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the regulation and oversight of the Oregon&#13;Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB)


 the Company has funded&#13;its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity financings. For the years ended December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $9 million and&amp;#160;$5.3 million respectively year and has&#13;an accumulated deficit of approximately $27 million as of December 31
 2018. The Company has been dependent on raising capital&#13;from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2018

 2018
 the Company has&#13;approximately $10.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $21.1 million. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to meet&#13;their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales


 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the&#13;United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and wholly-owned subsidiary BBD (majority owned beginning May&#13;1

 marketing and distributing&#13;hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief executive officer&#13;and chief financial officer


&#13;which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&amp;#8220;OLCC&amp;#8221;)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related&#13;merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment&#13;or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations


 which include&#13;customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.&#13;The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.&#13;Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional&#13;and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the&#13;nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302 and $182
975 in years 2018 and 2017


&#13;promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
 special event&#13;costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the&#13;sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed&#13;as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $ 4
345
210 and $2
219
168 in years 2018 and 2017

 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges.&#13;Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


 2018
 two customers represented&#13;34% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. Sales to one and two distributors&#13;accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

 establishes a framework&#13;for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure&#13;many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation and disclosure requirements&#13;for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2018 and 2017. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about&#13;financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts&#13;payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts&#13;payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. At December&#13;31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s note payable

&#13;which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent distributors&#13;on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs&#13;for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand and production&#13;requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no&#13;write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31

 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method&#13;over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets

&#13;including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever events&#13;or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
&#13;management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the&#13;use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an&#13;impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss&#13;of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC. At December 31
 2018

&#13;including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever events&#13;or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
&#13;management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the&#13;use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset

 deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2018 and 2017

 nor any interest and&#13;penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31

 2018 and 2017

 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance&#13;audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its&#13;excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $654
490&#13;and $997
410 in years 2018 and 2017

 which is generally the same as the vesting&#13;period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair value of&#13;each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected terms of&#13;the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded&#13;at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.&#13;Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017

 we terminated our previous receivable&#13;factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment&#13;for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced&#13;75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had&#13;recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the customer remitted&#13;payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices during 2018 and 2017.&#13;At December 31
 2018
 we had no factored invoices outstanding and incurred no fees associated with factoring. During fiscal 2017&#13;we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $63

 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows &amp;#8211; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts&#13;and Cash Payments and in November 2016 issued ASU 2016-18
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. The new standards&#13;are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and amends the&#13;existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following nine cash flow&#13;issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon or other debt instruments with coupon interest&#13;rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made&#13;after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned&#13;life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions;&#13;separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle; and restricted cash. The adoption on January&#13;1

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which&#13;superseded virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer&#13;of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those&#13;goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU&#13;2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to&#13;the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.&#13;The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the&#13;financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-14&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-14&#13;deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
 with early&#13;adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. We adopted ASU 2014-09 as of January 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
&#13;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 will simplify the&#13;subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Current guidance requires that companies&#13;compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment&#13;testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets&#13;acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will require companies to perform annual or interim goodwill&#13;impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for&#13;the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value. However
 the loss recognized should not&#13;exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt; Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting will&#13;be largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting&#13;model and AASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and&#13;leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided&#13;with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year&#13;entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases)&#13;and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for&#13;leases existing at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&#13;&lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842). &lt;/i&gt;This guidance provides an additional (and optional) transition method whereby the new lease standard&#13;is applied at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. In addition
 this ASU provides a practical&#13;expedient
 by class of underlying asset
 to not separate nonlease components from the associated lease and instead account for&#13;the lease as a single component if both the timing and pattern of transfer of the nonlease component(s) are the same

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
&#13;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &amp;#8211; Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which&#13;aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees. Under ASU 2018-07
 the existing employee&#13;guidance will apply to nonemployee share-based transactions (as long as the transaction is not effectively a form of financing)
&#13;with the exception of specific guidance related to the attribution of compensation cost. The cost of nonemployee awards will continue&#13;to be recorded as if the grantor had paid cash for the goods or services. In addition
 the contractual term will be able to be&#13;used in lieu of an expected term in the option-pricing model for nonemployee awards. The new standard is effective on January&#13;1
 2019
 and early adoption is permitted
 including in interim periods
 and should be applied to all new awards granted after&#13;the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on our consolidated results of&#13;operations
 financial position




 2017
 the Company completed&#13;the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&amp;#8220;MotherLode&amp;#8221;)
 a small Portland
 Oregon-based provider of bottling&#13;services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal&#13;2018 include MotherLode&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal&#13;2017 include MotherLode&amp;#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with&#13;ASC 805 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations&amp;#8221;











 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the customer list intangible&#13;asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earning&#13;methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&amp;#8217;s&#13;estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital&#13;for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates


 2017
 the Company acquired&#13;90% of the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&amp;#8220;BBD&amp;#8221;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based distiller of super-premium spirits.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2018 include BBD&amp;#8217;s results. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include BBD&amp;#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition&#13;date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&amp;#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final&#13;purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &amp;#8220;Business Combinations&amp;#8221;















 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the license intangible asset&#13;was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized. For the year&#13;ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218

 2018
 the Company acquired&#13;the remaining 10% of BBD. The consideration given was 3
122 shares of common stock valued at&amp;#160;the December 31
 2018 closing&#13;price of&amp;#160;$6.18 per share
 for a purchase price of $19


347

755

843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;295

017

051


148


184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;56

483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;372

101
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;804




758


786 and $41
253 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


 2018

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(90
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;313
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353

990 and $50
764&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017


 2018 and December 31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;407
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 2.74%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $100 through December 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &amp;#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;927
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
101
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
495
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(293
726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less debt discount for detachable warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
161

867 in cash and $3
722
888&#13;in stock to retire the outstanding notes from 2017. The ending 2018 note balance reflects the new notes entered into during 2018.&#13;We paid $189
552 and $103

 2018

300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
300


&#13;warehouse
 kiosks and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at various dates through December 2023.&#13;Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $25
175 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations&#13;in rental payments

 2018






176

147 and $362
000 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017

 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course&#13;of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve


 without considering any dilutive&#13;items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares&#13;outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities&#13;consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities&#13;are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31


047

277

074
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
717



 2018
 the Company issued 3

 2018
 the Company issued 1
235
000&#13;shares of common stock at $6.50 per share in connection with an underwritten public offering for net proceeds of approximately&#13;$7.2 million. On December 19
 2018 an additional 185

 the Company issued 1
345
978 shares&#13;of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for cash proceeds of $7
268
281
 and 500
000 shares&#13;of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note&#13;principal of $2
700

 2018
 the Company issued 120
000&#13;shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of underwriter warrants. The warrants were part of units

 the Company issued 167

 the Company issued 115
334 shares&#13;of common stock at an average of $5.35 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for proceeds of $617
004. In addition
&#13;the Company issued 59

 the Company issued 79
734 shares&#13;of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $712
469. The shares were valued using the closing share&#13;price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued 35
941 shares&#13;of common stock in connection with existing option exercises

 the Company issued 27
400 shares&#13;of common stock to consultants in exchange for services. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock&#13;on the date of grant
 with a range of $3.99 - $7.72 per share
 for a total value of $162

 the Company issued 18
371&#13;shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351. The shares were valued using the closing&#13;share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued 32
000&#13;shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to a claw-back provision tied to specific performance.&#13;The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued 14
384&#13;shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted of $52

 the Company issued 14
760&#13;shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221. The shares were valued using the closing&#13;share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant

 the Company issued 83
334 shares&#13;of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount converted of $500

 the Company issued 5
209 shares&#13;of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share price&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant

 the Company completed an underwritten&#13;public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate&#13;of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &amp;#8220;Unit&amp;#8221;) at a public offering price of $4.50 per Unit. The warrants&#13;have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The&#13;gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and&#13;other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 180
000&#13;Units to cover over-allotments
 which resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company of $810
000

 the Company issued 2
716 shares&#13;of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which were fully vested upon issuance. The shares&#13;were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company completed the acquisition&#13;of a majority stake in BBD. The Company issued 28
096 shares of common stock to the owners of BBD as consideration for 90% of the&#13;BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80 on May 1
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $134
858.&#13;Issuance costs incurred were $14

 the independent directors
 Messrs.&#13;Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 each exercised 4

 the Company issued 50
335 shares&#13;of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share&#13;price of our common stock on the date of grant

 the Company approved a restricted&#13;stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Grover Wickersham. The grant&#13;vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10

 the Company issued 16

 the Company issued 83

 the Company issued 22
436 shares&#13;of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted of $87

 2017
 the Company completed the&#13;acquisition of MotherLode. The Company issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the&#13;acquisition. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000.&#13;Issuance costs incurred were $5

 the Company issued 575 shares&#13;of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2

 the Company issued 19
796 shares&#13;of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share&#13;price of our common stock on the date of grant

 2017 to June 2
 2017
 the Company&#13;issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
 including 400

 2017 through February 16
&#13;2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares for aggregate cash proceeds of $159

 2017 to January 22
 2017
 the&#13;Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90 per share for aggregate cash proceeds of&#13;$58

 2016
 the Company adopted the&#13;2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2016 Plan&amp;#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options&#13;or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan was initially set at 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017 and pursuant&#13;to the plan provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan increased to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of&#13;the number of outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the&#13;preceding calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the Board of Directors (the &amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) approved amendments to the 2016&#13;Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of the common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &amp;#8220;Aggregate Limit&amp;#8221;)&#13;by an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares&#13;of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights&#13;under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the &amp;#8220;Individual Option Limit&amp;#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii)&#13;increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &amp;#8220;Individual&#13;Award Limit&amp;#8221;) under the 2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number&#13;of shares of common stock that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance&#13;compensation awards under the 2016 Plan (the &amp;#8220;Individual Performance Award Limit&amp;#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
&#13;which amendments were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. On January 1
 2018
 pursuant to the plan&#13;provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan further increased to 1
131
880 shares. The exercise price&#13;per share of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&#13;on the date of grant. At December 31
 2018
 there were 904
249 options and 225

 2015
 our Board of Directors&#13;adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2015 Plan&amp;#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either&#13;stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. At December 31
 2018
 there were 49
584&#13;options issued under the Plan outstanding
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate and one (1) year from the grant date
&#13;which options vest at the rate of at least 25% in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date


 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;173
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;243
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;369
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;654
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(48
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(78
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;895
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;406

 2018 was $558
278
 compared to $28
962 at December 31

 2018
 there were 489
393 unvested&#13;options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $1
322
193. The unvested options will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule&#13;in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic&#13;value of unvested options at December 31
 2018 was $344
232. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 255



 2018 was $2.64. The aggregate grant date fair value of the&#13;641
000 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $1
689

 2018
&#13;net compensation expense related to stock options was $657
546. At December 31
 2018
 the total compensation expense related to&#13;stock options not yet recognized is approximately $1
088
420

&#13;2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 500
000 common stock warrants in connection with the issuance of $5
000
000 in notes payable
&#13;and 10
000 common stock warrants to a consultant. The Company has determined the warrants should be classified as equity on the&#13;condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2018. The estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was $2
110
997
&#13;based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering warrants

961
312 warrants were exercised&#13;during the fiscal year 2018 for cash proceeds of $7
885
285 and a $2
700
000 reduction of outstanding note principal. In addition
&#13;54

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
623
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.62 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Twelve months ended December 31
 2018:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;510
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.47 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;387
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
015
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.25 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
083


 2017 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average of our&#13;total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years which was $176
934 and in which any related person has or will&#13;have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation

 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased&#13;15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year common stock purchase&#13;warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of $59

 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and&#13;his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one Public&#13;Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash. On August 9
 2018
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates exercised the&#13;55
555 warrants associated with the 2017 unit offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share
 for total proceeds of approximately&#13;$300

 2017
 our Board appointed&#13;Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately. Mr. Peterson is also the President of&#13;Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom&#13;Partners and tasked them with reviewing the Company&amp;#8217;s current product portfolio
 as well as its new ideas
 and advising it&#13;with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom&#13;Partner&amp;#8217;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
&#13;advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued&#13;at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a Black-Scholes&#13;value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company.&#13;We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000 (at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018. On August 11
&#13;2018
 we issued 42
000 shares of common stock to Sandstrom in connection with the exercise of their 42

 2017
 the Grover T.&#13;Wickersham Employees&amp;#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&amp;#8220;PSP&amp;#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the&#13;rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest is paid monthly. The Promissory&#13;Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity or debt securities&#13;in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &amp;#8220;Future Financing&amp;#8221;)
 all amounts due&#13;under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing.&#13;In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of&#13;PSP
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing. PSP used a balance&#13;of $379
750 to purchase the Company&amp;#8217;s new private offering of notes with warrants. The remaining principal balance of $85
000&#13;was paid in April 2018. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The&#13;entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new&#13;offering
 PSP was issued 37
975 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 PSP exercised the 37
975 warrants&#13;at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due. $174

 2017
 the Grover T.&#13;and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &amp;#8220;Wickersham Trust&amp;#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note&#13;bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &amp;#8220;Promissory Note&amp;#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $179
300. Interest&#13;is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering&#13;of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &amp;#8220;Future Financing&amp;#8221;)
&#13;all amounts due under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such&#13;Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under the Promissory Note in connection with a Future&#13;Financing
 at the option of Wickersham Trust
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered&#13;in the Future Financing. During the first quarter of 2018
 Wickersham Trust used the balance to purchase the Company&amp;#8217;s new&#13;private offering of notes with warrants. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day&#13;of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction&#13;with this new offering
 the Wickersham Trust was issued 17
930 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 the&#13;Wickersham Trust exercised the 17
930 warrants at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due.&#13;$82

 it is our current policy that all transactions&#13;between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority&#13;of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it&#13;is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions&#13;and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve&#13;and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situation&#13;on an ongoing basis


 2019
 the Company acquired&#13;Craft Canning LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company by way of a subsidiary merger and changed its name to Craft Canning + Bottling

844
882
 subject to certain post-closing adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Merger Consideration&amp;#8221;).&#13;The Merger Consideration consisted of $2
003
200 in cash
 a three-year note of $761
678
 and 338
212 shares of common stock of&#13;Eastside (the &amp;#8220;Consideration Shares&amp;#8221;) allocated only to &amp;#8220;accredited investors&amp;#8221; as such term is defined&#13;under Section 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933

 LLC
 and is party to a consulting agreement with the Company. The Company also issued to Mr. Lingley&#13;a warrant to purchase 146

000
000 (such shortfall
 the&#13;&amp;#8220;EBITDA Adjustment&amp;#8221;)

&#13;warranties


347

755

843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;295

017

051


148


184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;56

483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;372

101
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;804




758



 2018

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;351
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;404
614&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(90
754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(50
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;313
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;353


 2018






176



047

277

074
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
717

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;285
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Investment in online company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;854
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58
037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;796
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;343

 2018
 the Company had $525
000&#13;of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its existing product lines and branding for new product&#13;lines. This amount will be amortized over a seven-year life. In December 2018
 the Company invested in an online (direct-to-consumer)&#13;business and intends to begin selling select products through this platform. The deposits of $29

 2017
 $285
000 represented&#13;rebranding the Burnside product line
 $40
000 represented deposits on future product rebranding and $13

037 and $0&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017





297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;53

297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;343





 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted&#13;in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&amp;#8217;s&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and wholly-owned subsidiary BBD (majority owned beginning&#13;May 1


 marketing&#13;and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief&#13;executive officer and chief financial officer

    

 which&#13;include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage&#13;industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive&#13;pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
&#13;promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
&#13;based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302 and $182
975 in years 2018 and 2017



 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
&#13;special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses&#13;for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs&#13;are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $ 4
345
210 and $2
219
168 in years 2018 and 2017


 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound&#13;freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales




 2018
&amp;#160;twocustomers&#13;represented&amp;#160;34% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. Sales to&amp;#160;one&#13;and&amp;#160;two distributors accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the years ended December 31
 2018&#13;and 2017


 establishes&#13;a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to&#13;choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2018 and December&#13;31
 2017

 whereas Level 3
 if&#13;applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2018 and 2017. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information&#13;about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.&#13;At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&amp;#8217;s note payable


 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent&#13;distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and&#13;records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand&#13;and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company&#13;has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31


 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line&#13;method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of&#13;impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to&#13;result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
&#13;an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC. At December 31
 2018


 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of&#13;impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to&#13;result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset


 deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount&#13;expected to be realized. At December 31
 2018 and 2017

 nor any interest and&#13;penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31


 2018 and 2017


 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance&#13;audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates&#13;its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled&#13;$654
490 and $997
410 in years 2018 and 2017


 which is generally the same as the vesting&#13;period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair value&#13;of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected terms&#13;of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded&#13;at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.&#13;Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017


 we terminated our previous&#13;receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance&#13;of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest&#13;on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored&#13;invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the&#13;customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices during&#13;2018 and 2017. At December 31
 2018
 we had no factored invoices outstanding and incurred no fees associated with factoring. During&#13;fiscal 2017 we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $63


 the FASB issued ASU&#13;2017-04
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &amp;#8211; Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 will simplify&#13;the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Current guidance requires that&#13;companies compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment&#13;testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets&#13;acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will require companies to perform annual or interim goodwill&#13;impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for&#13;the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s fair value. However
 the loss recognized should not&#13;exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years

 the FASB issued ASU&#13;No. 2016-02
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;Under the new guidance

 which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease

 which is an asset that represents the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of

 lessor accounting&#13;will be largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee&#13;accounting model and AASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting&#13;for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no&#13;longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
&#13;for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital&#13;and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective&#13;transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Leases&#13;(Topic 842).&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;This guidance provides an additional (and optional) transition method whereby the new lease standard is applied&#13;at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. In addition
 this ASU provides a practical expedient
&#13;by class of underlying asset
 to not separate nonlease components from the associated lease and instead account for the lease as&#13;a single component if both the timing and pattern of transfer of the nonlease component(s) are the same

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2018-07
 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &amp;#8211; Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
&#13;which aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees. Under ASU 2018-07
 the existing&#13;employee guidance will apply to nonemployee share-based transactions (as long as the transaction is not effectively a form of&#13;financing)
 with the exception of specific guidance related to the attribution of compensation cost. The cost of nonemployee awards&#13;will continue to be recorded as if the grantor had paid cash for the goods or services. In addition
 the contractual term will&#13;be able to be used in lieu of an expected term in the option-pricing model for nonemployee awards. The new standard is effective&#13;on January 1
 2019
 and early adoption is permitted
 including in interim periods
 and should be applied to all new awards granted&#13;after the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on our consolidated results&#13;of operations
 financial position

    

 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
623

880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Twelve months ended December 31



015


 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
083


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018 or June 30

    
    

 2020 - September 30




 2018 or June 30

    
    

 2020 - September 30





    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 starting 6-months after the grant date

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


























    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    


 2018
 Eastside Distilling
&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) entered into a credit and security agreement (the &amp;#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&amp;#8221;)
&#13;by and between the Company and The KFK Children&amp;#8217;s Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &amp;#8211; Trustee (the &amp;#8220;Lender&amp;#8221;). Pursuant&#13;to the Credit and Security Agreement
 the Lender will make loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed&#13;$3
000
000 (the &amp;#8220;Loans&amp;#8221;). The Loans are secured by all of the Company&amp;#8217;s bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventory&#13;held in third-party storage facilities (&amp;#8220;Specified Inventory&amp;#8221;)


 for the period commencing on the date each such Loan is made and&#13;continuing until each such Loan is paid in full. During 2018
 The Company paid $103
790 in interest on the Loans. The Company must&#13;pay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in a one-time payment on the termination date of the Credit and Security Agreement&#13;(June 10
 2021)
 or earlier pursuant to other provisions thereof. The Company may prepay the Loans or any portion thereof at any&#13;time
 and from time to time
 without premium or penalty. As of December 31
 2018

 bourbon and rye inventories must be at least 120% of the outstanding Loan balance. In addition
 the Credit and Security&#13;Agreement contains other customary covenants including
 among other things

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017 and 2018 were as follows
 assuming a 35% and 21% federal effective tax rate
 respectively. The Company&#13;also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31

774
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
794
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(597
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(348
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
371
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
142

780
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
489
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;623
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
403
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
052
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(208
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(208
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
194
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
960

 2018
 the Company has a cumulative&#13;net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $8.6 million
 to offset against future income for federal and state tax&#13;purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs begin to expire&#13;in 2034
 and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to&#13;substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended
 the Internal&#13;Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate change&#13;in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &amp;#8220;Section 382 ownership change&amp;#8221;)

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during the&#13;periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the deferred tax&#13;assets


 2017 and 2018 were as follows
 assuming a 35% and 21% federal effective tax rate
 respectively. The Company&#13;also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31

774
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
794
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(597
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(348
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
371
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
142


780
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
489
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;623
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;563
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
403
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
052
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(208
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(208
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(92
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
194
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
960


 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&#13;which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&amp;#8220;OLCC&amp;#8221;)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related&#13;merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment&#13;or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#8217;s&#13;shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations


    
    
    


    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    


    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows &amp;#8211; Classification of Certain&#13;Cash Receipts and Cash Payments and in November 2016 issued ASU 2016-18
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash.&#13;The new standards&amp;#160;are&amp;#160;effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years
 and amends the existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on&#13;the following nine cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon or other debt instruments&#13;with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration&#13;payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned&#13;life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions;&#13;separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle; and restricted cash. The adoption on January&#13;1

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&#13;which&amp;#160;superseded&amp;#160;virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue&#13;upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange&#13;for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current&#13;guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
&#13;or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained&#13;earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented&#13;in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2015-14
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-14&amp;#8221;).&#13;ASU 2015-14 deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
&#13;with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. We adopted ASU 2014-09 as of January 1



 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;173




 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;369




 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;895

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;406

    
    
    



    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31




 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 8
764
085 and 4
889
745 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017



      


      






      


      


      


































      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      











 net of expenses




 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323




 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants








 net of expenses



      






      






      










      






      






      


      







 net of issuance costs of $5




 net of issuance costs of $5
580



      






      






      


      






      

      

      

      









      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively







      


      


      


      











 net of issuance costs of $80



      


      


      

      


      


      


      










      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      


      

      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      










      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 borrowing capacity



      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      













      

      


      


      




      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      














































 measurement input




 measurement input




 measurement input




































































      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      







      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 equity instruments other than options



 equity instruments other than options
 forfeitures



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms



 equity instruments other than options
 aggregate intrinsic value


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      


 measurement input



 measurement input



 measurement input


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      











 net of issuance costs



 net of issuance costs


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      


 net of issuance costs



 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants on notes payable


      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      




      




      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      

      

      

      

      

      




      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      





 Plant and Equipment






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant











      


 Tax Deferred Expense





      








 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments





      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2018
Mar. 25
 2019
Jun. 29
 2018













 Inc.



























  2018







































































































550
018



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



102
297
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











642
877


586
315





064
078


321





017
459


051
282





146


749





489
560


602
667



Property and equipment
 net

758
130


506



Intangible assets
 net

676


668





182


182





260


942





357
808


028
965












984
690


267
189





166


163





728


579







726





372
584


718
657



Secured trade credit facility
 net of debt issuance costs

934
106







300
000


161
760





606
690


880
417

















Series A convertible preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value; 3
000 shares authorized; 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017






Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000 shares authorized; 8
764
085 and 4
889
745 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively








888
872


223
435





138
630)


090
961)



Total Eastside Distilling
 Inc. Stockholders' Equity

751
118


132
963







585





751
118


148
548





357
808


028
965




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value






Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares issued






Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

764
085


889
745



Common stock
 shares outstanding

764
085


889
745

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











204
302


791
382



Less excise taxes
 customer programs and incentives

080
792


180
386





123
510


610
996





813
309


634
069





310
201


927










Advertising
 promotional and selling expenses

345
210


219
168





225
998


546
659







975





571
208


806
802





261
007)


829
875)



Other income (expense)
 net








362)


053)





700


989)



Total other expense
 net

662)


042)





047
669)


277
917)












047
669)


277
917)










Net loss attributable to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. common shareholders

047
669)


277
316)












074
489


717
956








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

838




699
785


813
044)


132
833




132
833



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016



542
504













Issuance of common stock
 net of expenses





498




500




500



Issuance of common stock
 net of expenses
 shares



001













Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants





669
401




669
578




669
578



Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323
 with detachable warrants
 shares



780
019













Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 net of expenses





246




250




250



Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 net of expenses
 shares



834



















903




914




914



Issuance of common stock for services by third parties
 shares



340



















649




655




655



Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares



538



















000




001




001



Stock option exercises
 shares



260










260









356




356




356



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580





411




420




420



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
 shares



667



















455




458


984


442



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 shares



096



















866




878




878



Shares issued for payoff of long-term notes
 shares



154















037








037




037





875)




865




000)




000)



Common shares issued for preferred conversion
 shares



001























































277
917)


277
917)




277
917)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017





223
435


090
961)


132
963


585


148
548



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017



889
745













Issuance of common stock
 net of expenses





678
975




679
123




679
123



Issuance of common stock
 net of expenses
 shares



480
250













Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 net of expenses





004
029




004
181




004
181



Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 net of expenses
 shares



521
312



















823




831




831



Issuance of common stock for services by third parties
 shares



708










308









461




469




469



Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares



734



















722
821




722
888




722
888



Issuance of common stock in exchange of debt
 shares



273













Acquisition of remaining non-controlling interest in Big Bottom Distilling
 Inc











585)


585)









548




548




548



Issuance of detachable warrants on notes payable
 shares






















940




944




944



Stock option exercises
 shares



941










715









262




262




262









716)




716)




716)



Net issuance to settle RSUs
 shares
















Issuance of common stock for acquisition of MotherLode
 net of issuance costs of $5
580
 shares













122









294




294




294



Issuance of common stock for acquisition of Big Bottom Distilling
 shares



122






































047
669)


047
669)




047
669)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2018





888
872


138
630)


751
118




751
118



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018



764
085














































Issuance of common stock for services by employees
 shares.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants shares.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants on notes payable
 shares.




























Issuance of common stock from warrant exercise for cash
 shares.






















































































Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants.




























Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
 with detachable warrants on naot payable.



















































































































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.
















































































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Common stock
 issuance costs

120
323


762



MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]






Common stock
 issuance costs



580



Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






Common stock
 issuance costs



400











































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











047
669)


277
917)












813


016







975





230


156







374





469







831


309





546


356












757)


858





966
177)


037
835)





750)


977)





209


976





677


485)












918
429)


011
741)














541





296
410)


477)





296
410)


936)














980)







361)



Proceeds from common stock
 net of issuance costs of $1
120
323 and $23
762
 respectively
 with detachable warrants



728
079



Proceeds from common stock
 net of issuance costs

679
123







944







004
181


250







000)





867)


902)



Proceeds from notes payable
 net of issuance costs

630
000


501
840



Proceeds from notes payable
 warrants issued

020





Proceeds from secured credit facility
 net of issuance costs of $80
000

920
000







271
401


162
926





056
562


498
249





586
315


088
066





642
877


586
315












342


293










Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC



000



Acquisition of remaining non-controlling interest in Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC

585


858





722
888


137





548


























































































































































Proceeds from notes payable
 warrants issued.















































































































































The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.
















































































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.



















































































































The cash outflow from the repayment of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















120
323










000












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



an Oregon-based producer and marketer of craft spirits
 founded in 2008. Our products span several alcoholic beverage categories
including bourbon
 American whiskey
 vodka
 gin and rum. Unlike many distillers
 we operate several retail tasting rooms in Oregon
to market our brands directly to consumers. Our strategy for growth is to build on our local base in the Pacific Northwest and
expand selectively to other markets
 using major spirits distributors. In December 2016
 we retained Sandstrom Partners
 an internationally-known
spirit branding firm that branded St-Germain and Bulleit Bourbon
 to guide our marketing strategy and branding. Sandstrom Partners
subsequently became an investor in our company. With the assistance of Sandstrom Partners and using our in-house spirits expertise
during 2017
 we created Redneck Riviera Whiskey (&#8220;RRW&#8221;)
 in collaboration with Country Music superstar John Rich
 of
the duo &#8220;Big &#38; Rich.&#8221; Supported by John Rich&#8217;s marketing efforts
 we launched RRW in the Southeastern and
Gulf States in early 2018 primarily through Republic National Distributing Company (&#8220;RNDC&#8221;). During 2018
 its first
year on the market
 RRW generated strong commercial progress and results
 and we have focused our sales efforts outside of Oregon
on RRW. We believe RRW will be a key growth engine in 2019 and will also provide a &#8220;coattail&#8221; effect for our other
brands
 helping them to achieve improved national recognition and success.


as a small business in a large
 international spirits marketplace occupied by massive conglomerates
 we seek to utilize our small
size to our advantage. As the success of our RRW launch and Sandstrom Partners collaboration demonstrate
 our team can leverage
its smaller size to launch new brands more quickly than larger conglomerates because we are able to dedicate more of our attention
and resources to developing innovative products. We believe that the dominance of Canadian whiskeys in the light-whiskey segment
is vulnerable to a light whiskey that is 100% American
 and we are exploiting that vulnerability with RRW
 a product that went
from idea
 to celebrity collaboration
 to design and formulation
 to market roll-out in less than nine months. We are innovative
in targeting emerging trends with our products; for example
 we recently developed our Coffee Rum with cold brew coffee and low
sugar
 as well as our gluten-free potato vodka. We seek to be both a leader in creating spirits that offer better value than comparable
spirits (for example
 our value-priced Portland Potato Vodka)
 and an innovator in creating imaginative spirits that offer a unique
taste experience
 like our Coffee Rum
 Oregon oak-aged whiskeys
 Marionberry Whiskey
 and most recently our Portland Mule drink
(our first ready-to-drink (RTD) cocktail in a single serving can).


company
 we have access to public capital markets to support our growth initiatives
 including strategic acquisitions. In May 2017
we used our shares to acquire 90% of Big Bottom Distillery (&#8220;BBD&#8221;)
 known for its award-winning
 super-premium gins
and whiskeys
 including The Ninety One Gin
 Navy Strength Gin
 Oregon Gin
 Delta Rye and American Single Malt Whiskey. BBD&#8217;s
super-premium spirits give us a presence at the &#8220;high end&#8221; of the market. In December of 2018
 we acquired the remaining
10% of BBD. In addition
 through MotherLode Craft Distillery (&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;)
 our wholly-owned subsidiary acquired in
March 2017
 and now Craft Canning
 acquired in January 2019
 we also provide contract bottling
 canning
 and packaging services
for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers. We intend to use our canning equipment
 at MotherLode and Craft Canning
to profit from the rapid growth in canned beverages (Beer
 Wine
 Spirit-based RTD&#8217;s and CBD). We believe our significant
capacity expansion (and regional reputation) due to the more recent acquisition of Craft Canning
 is a competitive advantage.


our products in 39 states as well as Ontario
 Canada. The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private
parties
 and merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the regulation and oversight of the Oregon
Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB)
 as well as other state agencies regulating
the sale and distribution of alcohol products.



































The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








    
    



 the Company has funded
its cash and liquidity needs through convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity financings. For the years ended December
31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $9 million and&#160;$5.3 million respectively year and has
an accumulated deficit of approximately $27 million as of December 31
 2018. The Company has been dependent on raising capital
from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2018
the Company raised approximately $23.3 million in cash flow from financing activities to meet cash flow used in operating activities.


 2018
 the Company has
approximately $10.6 million of cash on hand with a positive working capital of $21.1 million. The Company&#8217;s ability to meet
their ongoing operating cash needs is dependent on generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
improved profit growth and controlling expenses. Management believes that cash on hand will be sufficient to meet their operating
activities to meet their near-term cash needs over the next twelve months.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    





for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&#8217;s
wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and wholly-owned subsidiary BBD (majority owned beginning May
1
 2017 through December 2018 and wholly-owned as of December 2018). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.




on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing and distributing
hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief executive officer
and chief financial officer
 review the Company&#8217;s operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources
and evaluating financial performance.




accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 less excise
taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the following steps in accordance with Accounting
: (i) identify the contract
with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the
transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is
satisfied.


is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment sales
which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&#8220;OLCC&#8221;)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related
merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment
or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other
than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of
sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed
the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




 which include
customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage industry.
The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive pricing.
Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
 promotional
and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
 based on the
nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302 and $182
975 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

Advertising
 Promotional and Selling Expenses


promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
 special event
costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the
sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs are expensed
as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $ 4
345
210 and $2
219
168 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges.
Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs.




of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents at December
31
 2018 and 2017.




the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2018
 two customers represented
34% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. Sales to one and two distributors
accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 establishes a framework
for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure
many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation and disclosure requirements
for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
 management has
not elected to report any of the Company&#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the &#8220;fair value option&#8221;
provided by GAAP.


under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under GAAP&#8217;s
fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
    
    



were measured at fair value at December 31
 2018 and 2017. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about
financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts
payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts
payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. At December
31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&#8217;s note payable
 convertible notes payable and secured credit facility balances outstanding
are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.

Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring
Basis


a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.




liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing methodology
which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent distributors
on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs
for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand and production
requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no
write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.




accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method
over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
 an impairment loss
of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC. At December 31
 2018
 no additional impairment
loss was recognized.




including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.




income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &#8220;asset and liability method&#8221; for accounting
for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets
or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company established valuation allowances against its net deferred tax
assets.


recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized
upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with income tax positions taken that
exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits would be classified as additional income taxes
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and
penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017.


in the United States. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related tax
authorities for the Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2012.




comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance
audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its
excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $654
490
and $997
410 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the related
stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the vesting
period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair value of
each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected terms of
the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.
Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 we terminated our previous receivable
factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment
for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced
75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had
recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the customer remitted
payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices during 2018 and 2017.
At December 31
 2018
 we had no factored invoices outstanding and incurred no fees associated with factoring. During fiscal 2017
we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $63
238.




 the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows &#8211; Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments and in November 2016 issued ASU 2016-18
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. The new standards
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and amends the
existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following nine cash flow
issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon or other debt instruments with coupon interest
rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made
after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned
life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions;
separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle; and restricted cash. The adoption on January
1
 2018 of ASU 2016-15 and ASU 2016-18 did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 which
superseded virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue upon transfer
of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange for those
goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current guidance. ASU
2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
 or only to
the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings.
The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented in the
financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14
(&#8220;ASU 2015-14&#8221;). ASU 2015-14
deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
 with early
adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. We adopted ASU 2014-09 as of January 1
 2018. The Company does not believe the adoption
of ASU 2014-09 had any material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements.




 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &#8211; Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 will simplify the
subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Current guidance requires that companies
compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment
testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will require companies to perform annual or interim goodwill
impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value. However
 the loss recognized should not
exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and will be applied prospectively. Early adoption
of this standard is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2017-04 on its consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the
exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.



 lessor accounting will
be largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee accounting
model and AASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and
leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided
with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year
entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and operating leases)
and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for
leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.
The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest comparative
period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. We are currently evaluating the impact
ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11
This guidance provides an additional (and optional) transition method whereby the new lease standard
is applied at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. In addition
 this ASU provides a practical
expedient
 by class of underlying asset
 to not separate nonlease components from the associated lease and instead account for
the lease as a single component if both the timing and pattern of transfer of the nonlease component(s) are the same
 and if the
lease would be classified as an operating lease. These amendments have the same effective date as ASU 2016-02.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &#8211; Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which
aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees. Under ASU 2018-07
 the existing employee
guidance will apply to nonemployee share-based transactions (as long as the transaction is not effectively a form of financing)
with the exception of specific guidance related to the attribution of compensation cost. The cost of nonemployee awards will continue
to be recorded as if the grantor had paid cash for the goods or services. In addition
 the contractual term will be able to be
used in lieu of an expected term in the option-pricing model for nonemployee awards. The new standard is effective on January
1
 2019
 and early adoption is permitted
 including in interim periods
 and should be applied to all new awards granted after
the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on our consolidated results of
operations
 financial position
 and cash flows.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 the Company
completed the following acquisitions:

MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC


 2017
 the Company completed
the acquisition of MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC (&#8220;MotherLode&#8221;)
 a small Portland
 Oregon-based provider of bottling
services and production support to craft distilleries. The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2018 include MotherLode&#8217;s results of operations. The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2017 include MotherLode&#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The
Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with
ASC 805 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221;
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.


price is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

86
667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
    
    
377
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
062
    

    
    
    
103
488
    

    
    
    
46
250
    

    
    
    
376
431
    

    
    
    
28
182
    

    
    
    
(5
180
    

    
    
    
(179
233
    

    
    
    
377
000
    



fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the customer list intangible
asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earning
methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&#8217;s
estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital
for both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates
 as well as applicable royalty rates for
comparable assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the
tangible assets that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The customer relationships estimated
useful life is seven years. The fair values assigned to the license intangible asset were determined through the use of the cost
approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.

Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC


 2017
 the Company acquired
90% of the ownership of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC (&#8220;BBD&#8221;)
 a Hillsboro
 Oregon-based distiller of super-premium spirits.
The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2018 include BBD&#8217;s results. The Company&#8217;s
condensed consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year 2017 include BBD&#8217;s results of operations from the acquisition
date of May 1
 2017 through December 31
 2017. The Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the final
purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC 805 &#8220;Business Combinations&#8221;
 whereby the purchase price was
allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.


purchase price on May 1
 2017 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

28
096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
    
    
134
858
    

    
    
    
14
984
    

    
    
    
149
842
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
521
    

    
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
129
922
    

    
    
    
22
717
    

    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
193
374
    

    
    
    
(52
841
    

    
    
    
(172
033
    

    
    
    
149
842
    



fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the license intangible asset
was determined through the use of the cost approach. The license has an indefinite life and will not be amortized. For the year
ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized an impairment of $218
374 for the intangible asset &#8211; license and the goodwill
originally recorded as part of the purchase price allocation for BBD.


 2018
 the Company acquired
the remaining 10% of BBD. The consideration given was 3
122 shares of common stock valued at&#160;the December 31
 2018 closing
price of&#160;$6.18 per share
 for a purchase price of $19
294.







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
347
616
    
    
    
3
755
477
    

    
    
    
669
843
    
    
    
295
805
    

    
    
    
11
017
459
    
    
    
4
051
282
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








    
    



31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
148
540
    
    
    
326
088
    

    
    
    
477
184
    
    
    
56
410
    

    
    
    
49
483
    
    
    
49
483
    

    
    
    
425
851
    
    
    
372
667
    

    
    
    
2
101
058
    
    
    
804
648
    

    
    
    
(342
928
    
    
    
(76
142
    

Total property and equipment
 net
    
    
1
758
130
    
    
    
728
506
    



totaled $266
786 and $41
253 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 2018
 intangible assets and
goodwill consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
351
430
    
    
    
351
432
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(90
754
    
    
    
(50
764
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
313
858
    
    
    
353
850
    
    
    
    
    



990 and $50
764
for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]








    
    



31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
525
000
    
    
    
285
000
    

    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
297
    
    
    
53
942
    

    
    
    
854
297
    
    
    
343
942
    

    
    
    
(58
037
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
796
260
    
    
    
343
942
    



 2018
 the Company had $525
000
of capitalized costs related to services provided for the rebranding of its existing product lines and branding for new product
lines. This amount will be amortized over a seven-year life. In December 2018
 the Company invested in an online (direct-to-consumer)
business and intends to begin selling select products through this platform. The deposits of $29
297 represent office and retail
space lease deposits.


 2017
 $285
000 represented
rebranding the Burnside product line
 $40
000 represented deposits on future product rebranding and $13
942 represented office
and retail spaces lease deposits.


037 and $0
for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&#8217; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.
    
    
    
    
    
    
407
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
306
    

Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
341
    

Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.
    
    
    
    
    
    
927
192
    

Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
101
840
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
2
495
179
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(293
726
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(39
693
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
2
161
760
    



867 in cash and $3
722
888
in stock to retire the outstanding notes from 2017. The ending 2018 note balance reflects the new notes entered into during 2018.
We paid $189
552 and $103
293 in interest on notes during 2018 and 2017 respectively.


31
 2018
 are as follows:





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 2018
 Eastside Distilling
Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) entered into a credit and security agreement (the &#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&#8221;)
by and between the Company and The KFK Children&#8217;s Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &#8211; Trustee (the &#8220;Lender&#8221;). Pursuant
to the Credit and Security Agreement
 the Lender will make loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$3
000
000 (the &#8220;Loans&#8221;). The Loans are secured by all of the Company&#8217;s bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventory
held in third-party storage facilities (&#8220;Specified Inventory&#8221;)
 The Company may borrow 80% of the value of the Specified
Inventory it is able to purchase under the Credit and Security Agreement.


the Company to purchase the Specified Inventory for use in distilling and producing its spirits products
 and for no other purpose.


The Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans
 for the period commencing on the date each such Loan is made and
continuing until each such Loan is paid in full. During 2018
 The Company paid $103
790 in interest on the Loans. The Company must
pay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in a one-time payment on the termination date of the Credit and Security Agreement
(June 10
 2021)
 or earlier pursuant to other provisions thereof. The Company may prepay the Loans or any portion thereof at any
time
 and from time to time
 without premium or penalty. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has borrowed the full $3 million
available under the agreement.


bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventories must be at least 120% of the outstanding Loan balance. In addition
 the Credit and Security
Agreement contains other customary covenants including
 among other things
 certain restrictions on incurring indebtedness.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 were as follows
 assuming a 35% and 21% federal effective tax rate
 respectively. The Company
also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31
 2017 and 2018.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
774
610
    
    
    
(1
794
492
    

    
    
    
(597
146
    
    
    
(348
343
    

    
    
    
2
371
756
    
    
    
2
142
835
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
780
105
    
    
    
5
489
143
    

    
    
    
623
386
    
    
    
563
356
    

    
    
    
8
403
491
    
    
    
6
052
499
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(208
864
    
    
    
(92
016
    

    
    
    
(208
864
    
    
    
(92
016
    

    
    
    
(8
194
627
    
    
    
(5
960
483
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2018
 the Company has a cumulative
net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $8.6 million
 to offset against future income for federal and state tax
purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs begin to expire
in 2034
 and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to
substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended
 the Internal
Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate change
in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &#8220;Section 382 ownership change&#8221;)
 utilization
of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (and similar
state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&#8217;s stock at the time of
such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result
in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.


tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the deferred tax
assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    





warehouse
 kiosks and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire at various dates through December 2023.
Monthly lease payments range from $1
857 to $25
175 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent adjustments
when gross sales exceed certain minimums.


 2018
 future minimum
lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:





    
    
    
547
411
    

    
    
    
435
958
    

    
    
    
117
683
    

    
    
    
37
153
    

    
    
    
38
267
    

    
    
    
1
176
472
    



$459
147 and $362
000 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




material legal proceedings
 however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course
of our business. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
 and
divert management resources.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 without considering any dilutive
items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities
consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially dilutive securities
are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2018 and
2017. The numerators and denominators used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
047
669
    
    
    
(5
277
316
    

    
    
    
6
074
489
    
    
    
3
717
956
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













in these financial statements has been adjusted to give effect to the 3-for-1 reverse stock split of the Company&#8217;s common
stock effected on June 15
 2017.




 2018
 the Company issued 3
122
shares in connection with the purchase of the remaining 10% interest in BBD.


 2018
 the Company issued 1
235
000
shares of common stock at $6.50 per share in connection with an underwritten public offering for net proceeds of approximately
$7.2 million. On December 19
 2018 an additional 185
250 shares were issued as part of the overallotment for additional proceeds
of approximately $1.1 million.


 the Company issued 1
345
978 shares
of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for cash proceeds of $7
268
281
 and 500
000 shares
of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note
principal of $2
700
000.


 2018
 the Company issued 120
000
shares of common stock at $5.40 per share in connection with the exercise of underwriter warrants. The warrants were part of units
and each unit consisted of one share of common stock and one common stock warrant exercisable at $5.40 per share.


 the Company issued 167
273 shares
of common stock at $6.00 per share in exchange for outstanding note principal and interest. The conversion was within the terms
of the original note agreement and no gain or loss was recorded.


 the Company issued 115
334 shares
of common stock at an average of $5.35 per share in connection with the exercise of warrants for proceeds of $617
004. In addition
the Company issued 59
308 shares of common stock at an average of approximately $4.05 per share in exchange for services rendered.


 the Company issued 79
734 shares
of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $712
469. The shares were valued using the closing share
price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.99 - $8.50 per share.


 the Company issued 35
941 shares
of common stock in connection with existing option exercises
 at an average exercise price of $4.56.


 the Company issued 27
400 shares
of common stock to consultants in exchange for services. The shares were valued using the closing share price of our common stock
on the date of grant
 with a range of $3.99 - $7.72 per share
 for a total value of $162
378.


 the Company issued 18
371
shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $79
351. The shares were valued using the closing
share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.33 per share.


 the Company issued 32
000
shares of common stock to a consultant in exchange for services
 which were subject to a claw-back provision tied to specific performance.
The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant
 $4.54 per share.


 the Company issued 14
384
shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted of $52
500.
No gain or loss was recorded on the transactions.


 the Company issued 14
760
shares of common stock to directors and employees for stock-based compensation of $56
221. The shares were valued using the closing
share price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.78 - $4.38 per share.


 the Company issued 83
334 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of a 6% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount converted of $500
000.
No gain or loss was recorded on the transactions.


 the Company issued 5
209 shares
of common stock to a third-party consultant in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share price
of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.40 - $3.50 per share.


 the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1
200
000 units consisting of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate
of 1
200
000 shares of its common stock (each
 a &#8220;Unit&#8221;) at a public offering price of $4.50 per Unit. The warrants
have a per share exercise price of $5.40
 are exercisable immediately
 and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The
gross proceeds to the Company from this offering were $5.4 million
 before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and
other estimated offering expenses. On August 24
 2017
 the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 180
000
Units to cover over-allotments
 which resulted in additional gross proceeds to the Company of $810
000
 before deducting offering
expenses.


 the Company issued 2
716 shares
of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $15
943
 all of which were fully vested upon issuance. The shares
were valued using the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with which ranged from $4.38 to $6.00 per share.


 the Company completed the acquisition
of a majority stake in BBD. The Company issued 28
096 shares of common stock to the owners of BBD as consideration for 90% of the
BBD LLC units. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.80 on May 1
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $134
858.
Issuance costs incurred were $14
400.


 the independent directors
 Messrs.
Trent Davis and Michael Fleming
 each exercised 4
630 stock options to purchase common stock at $5.40 per share.


 the Company issued 50
335 shares
of common stock to three third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share
price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $4.35 - $4.50 per share.


 the Company approved a restricted
stock unit grant of 33
334 shares of common stock to the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer
 Grover Wickersham. The grant
vested on April 5
 2017
 of which 10
218 shares were withheld in order to satisfy Mr. Wickersham&#8217;s personal tax withholding
responsibility. The shares were valued using the $4.80 closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant.


 the Company issued 16
667 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of 50 shares of preferred stock.


 the Company issued 83
334 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of 250 shares of preferred stock.


 the Company issued 22
436 shares
of its common stock upon conversion of 8% convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount converted of $87
500.
No gain or loss recorded on the transactions.


 2017
 the Company completed the
acquisition of MotherLode. The Company issued 86
667 shares of common stock to the owners of MotherLode as consideration for the
acquisition. Based on the closing share price of our common stock of $4.35 on March 8
 2017
 the value of the transaction was $377
000.
Issuance costs incurred were $5
580.


 the Company issued 575 shares
of common stock to employees for stock-based compensation of $2
517. The shares were valued using the $4.38 closing share price
of our common stock on the date of grant.


 the Company issued 19
796 shares
of common stock to four third-party consultants in exchange for services rendered. The shares were valued using the closing share
price of our common stock on the date of grant
 with the range of $3.90 - $4.35 per share.


 2017 to June 2
 2017
 the Company
issued 400
019 shares of its common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $1
560
000
 including 400
019 warrants for common stock.


 2017 through February 16
2017
 the Company received warrant exercises and common stock subscriptions for 40
834 shares for aggregate cash proceeds of $159
250.


 2017 to January 22
 2017
 the
Company sold 15
001 shares of common stock to accredited investors at a price of $3.90 per share for aggregate cash proceeds of
$58
500.




 2016
 the Company adopted the
2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2016 Plan&#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options
or compensation stock under the 2016 Plan was initially set at 166
667 shares
 subject to adjustment. On January 1
 2017 and pursuant
to the plan provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan increased to 307
139 shares
 equal to 8% of
the number of outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the
preceding calendar year. On October 18
 2017
 the Board of Directors (the &#8220;Board&#8221;) approved amendments to the 2016
Plan to (i) increase the number of shares of the common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan (the &#8220;Aggregate Limit&#8221;)
by an additional 192
861 shares of common stock
 for a total of 500
000 shares of common stock
 (ii) increase the number of shares
of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to options to purchase common stock and stock appreciation rights
under the 2016 Plan in any one year period (the &#8220;Individual Option Limit&#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
 (iii)
increase the number of shares of common stock that may be granted to any participant pursuant to other awards (the &#8220;Individual
Award Limit&#8221;) under the 2016 Plan in any one year period from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares and (iv) increase the number
of shares of common stock that may be paid to any one participant under the 2016 Plan for a performance period pursuant to performance
compensation awards under the 2016 Plan (the &#8220;Individual Performance Award Limit&#8221;) from 8
333 shares to 200
000 shares
which amendments were adopted and approved at the December 2017 meeting of stockholders. On January 1
 2018
 pursuant to the plan
provisions
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan further increased to 1
131
880 shares. The exercise price
per share of each stock option shall not be less than 100 percent of the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock
on the date of grant. At December 31
 2018
 there were 904
249 options and 225
780 restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;)
issued under the 2016 Plan with vesting schedules varying between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date.


 2015
 our Board of Directors
adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2015 Plan&#8221;). The total number of shares available for the grant of either
stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. At December 31
 2018
 there were 49
584
options issued under the Plan outstanding
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate and one (1) year from the grant date
which options vest at the rate of at least 25% in the first year
 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.


for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
173
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
243
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
260
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(39
151
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
369
006
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
654
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(48
715
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(78
433
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
895
858
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
406
464
    
    
    
    
    



at December 31
 2018 was $558
278
 compared to $28
962 at December 31
 2017.


 2018
 there were 489
393 unvested
options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $1
322
193. The unvested options will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule
in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five (5) years from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic
value of unvested options at December 31
 2018 was $344
232. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 255
182 options vested.


model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options issued to employees is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at
fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.


using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



that require management&#8217;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using the simplified method described
in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period. Estimated
volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar entities whose share
prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant
maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $2.64. The aggregate grant date fair value of the
641
000 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018 was $1
689
398.


 2018
net compensation expense related to stock options was $657
546. At December 31
 2018
 the total compensation expense related to
stock options not yet recognized is approximately $1
088
420
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of approximately 2.18 years.




2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 500
000 common stock warrants in connection with the issuance of $5
000
000 in notes payable
and 10
000 common stock warrants to a consultant. The Company has determined the warrants should be classified as equity on the
condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 2018. The estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was $2
110
997
based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



961
312 warrants were exercised
during the fiscal year 2018 for cash proceeds of $7
885
285 and a $2
700
000 reduction of outstanding note principal. In addition
54
308 warrants were exercised during the twelve month period at an average of approximately $4.07 per share in exchange for services
rendered.





    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
2
623
077
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Twelve months ended December 31
 2018:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
510
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
387
600
    

    
    
    
(2
015
620
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(34
022
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
1
083
435
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



since January 1
 2017 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent (1%) of the average of our
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years which was $176
934 and in which any related person has or will
have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation
 termination and other arrangements.


 2017
 Mr. Wickersham purchased
15
189 units at $3.90 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one three-year common stock purchase
warrant exercisable at $7.50 per share (subject to adjustment)
 for total proceeds of $59
237 in cash.


 2017
 Mr. Wickersham and
his affiliates purchased 55
555 units at $4.50 per unit
 with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one Public
Warrant
 for total proceeds of approximately $250
000 in cash. On August 9
 2018
 Mr. Wickersham and his affiliates exercised the
55
555 warrants associated with the 2017 unit offering at an exercise price of $5.40 per share
 for total proceeds of approximately
$300
000.


 2017
 our Board appointed
Jack Peterson to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately. Mr. Peterson is also the President of
Sandstrom Partners. In late 2016
 with the goal of increasing its brand value and accelerating sales
 the Company retained Sandstrom
Partners and tasked them with reviewing the Company&#8217;s current product portfolio
 as well as its new ideas
 and advising it
with respect to marketing
 creation of brand awareness and product positioning
 locally and nationally. The Company is using Sandstrom
Partner&#8217;s full range of brand development services
 including research
 strategy
 brand identity
 package design
 environments
advertising as well as digital design and development. The Company paid $140
000 in cash
 issued 33
334 shares of stock valued
at $145
000 (at the time of issuance)
 and issued 42
000 warrants with an exercise price of $3.50 valued at $43
596 (using a Black-Scholes
value at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom Partners in 2017 for services rendered by Sandstrom under its agreement with the Company.
We have also issued an additional 10
025 shares valued at $40
000 (at the time of issuance) to Sandstrom in 2018. On August 11
2018
 we issued 42
000 shares of common stock to Sandstrom in connection with the exercise of their 42
000 warrants in exchange
for services rendered.


 2017
 the Grover T.
Wickersham Employees&#8217; Profit Sharing Plan (&#8220;PSP&#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note bearing interest at the
rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $464
750. Interest is paid monthly. The Promissory
Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering of its equity or debt securities
in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &#8220;Future Financing&#8221;)
 all amounts due
under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such Future Financing.
In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under this Note in connection with a Future Financing
 at the option of
PSP
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered in the Future Financing. PSP used a balance
of $379
750 to purchase the Company&#8217;s new private offering of notes with warrants. The remaining principal balance of $85
000
was paid in April 2018. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day of the month. The
entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction with this new
offering
 PSP was issued 37
975 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 PSP exercised the 37
975 warrants
at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due. $174
685 remained outstanding on the note.


 2017
 the Grover T.
and Jill Z. Wickersham 2000 Charitable Remainder Trust (the &#8220;Wickersham Trust&#8221;) purchased from us a promissory note
bearing interest at the rate of 8% per annum (a &#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;) for aggregate consideration of $179
300. Interest
is paid monthly. The Promissory Note is due on June 30
 2019 or in the event the Company completes a private or public offering
of its equity or debt securities in which the gross amount raised in such financing is at least $2.0 million (a &#8220;Future Financing&#8221;)
all amounts due under the Promissory Note will become due and payable within five (5) business days of the final closing of such
Future Financing. In lieu of receiving the cash repayment of amounts due under the Promissory Note in connection with a Future
Financing
 at the option of Wickersham Trust
 the principal amount due and payable may be used to purchase the securities offered
in the Future Financing. During the first quarter of 2018
 Wickersham Trust used the balance to purchase the Company&#8217;s new
private offering of notes with warrants. The new promissory notes bear interest at 8% per annum
 payable monthly on the last day
of the month. The entire amount of principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable on May 1
 2021. In conjunction
with this new offering
 the Wickersham Trust was issued 17
930 warrants
 exercisable at $5.40 per share. On August 9
 2018
 the
Wickersham Trust exercised the 17
930 warrants at $5.40 per share in exchange for a reduction in outstanding note principal due.
$82
478 remained outstanding on the note.


were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 it is our current policy that all transactions
between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority
of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it
is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will continue to conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. Our audit committee has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve
and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person and any other potential conflict of interest situation
on an ongoing basis
 in accordance with Company policies and procedures in effect from time to time.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018










    
    



 2019
 the Company acquired
Craft Canning LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company by way of a subsidiary merger and changed its name to Craft Canning + Bottling
LLC (&#8220;Craft&#8221;).


of $4
844
882
 subject to certain post-closing adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement (the &#8220;Merger Consideration&#8221;).
The Merger Consideration consisted of $2
003
200 in cash
 a three-year note of $761
678
 and 338
212 shares of common stock of
Eastside (the &#8220;Consideration Shares&#8221;) allocated only to &#8220;accredited investors&#8221; as such term is defined
under Section 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. Holders of the Consideration Shares
have agreed to a one-year lock-up restricting the sale of the Consideration Shares. The Company has granted the holders of Consideration
Shares &#8220;piggyback&#8221; registration rights effective after the one-year lock-up.


of Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC
 and is party to a consulting agreement with the Company. The Company also issued to Mr. Lingley
a warrant to purchase 146
262 shares of common stock of the Company at $7.80 per share and an exercise period of three years. The
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant will be subject to the same &#8220;piggyback&#8221; registration rights
as the Consideration Shares described above.


that Craft&#8217;s EBITDA (as defined in the Merger Agreement) for fiscal year 2019 is less than $1
000
000 (such shortfall
 the
&#8220;EBITDA Adjustment&#8221;)
 the principal amounts on notes payable to former holders of Craft Interests will be reduced on
a pro rata basis in an aggregate amount equal to the EBITDA Adjustment.


warranties
 and covenants by the parties that are customary for a transaction of this nature.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&#8217;s
wholly-owned subsidiary MotherLode (beginning as of March 8
 2017)
 and wholly-owned subsidiary BBD (majority owned beginning
May 1
 2017 through December 2018 and wholly-owned as of December 2018). All intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.








segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company&#8217;s chief operating decision makers
 its chief
executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&#8217;s operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes
of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.








in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.








less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the following steps in accordance
:
(i) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction
price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance
obligation is satisfied.


is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment sales
which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (&#8220;OLCC&#8221;)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related
merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment
or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&#8217;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other
than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of
sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&#8217;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&#8217;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed
the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.








 which
include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives and other payments
 are a common practice in the alcohol beverage
industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain competitive
pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net revenue or as advertising
promotional and selling expenses in accordance with ASC Topic 605-50
 Revenue Recognition - Customer Payments and Incentives
based on the nature of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $426
302 and $182
975 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



Advertising
 Promotional and Selling Expenses

Advertising
 Promotional and Selling
Expenses


in advertising
 promotions and selling expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs
special event costs
 tasting room costs
 sales and marketing expenses
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses
for the sales
 brand and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses. Advertising
 promotional and selling costs
are expensed as incurred. Advertising
 promotional and selling expense totaled $ 4
345
210 and $2
219
168 in years 2018 and 2017
respectively.








of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound
freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production costs.








of merchandise from the Company&#8217;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.








be highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2018 and 2017.








subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2018
&#160;twocustomers
represented&#160;34% of trade receivables. At December 31
 2017
 two customers represented 79% of trade receivables. Sales to&#160;one
and&#160;two distributors accounted for approximately 42% and 35% of consolidated sales for the years ended December 31
 2018
and 2017
 respectively.








 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2018 and December
31
 2017
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the &#8220;fair
value option&#8221; provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under
GAAP&#8217;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
    
    



liabilities were measured at fair value at December 31
 2018 and 2017. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information
about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 note payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.
At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company&#8217;s note payable
 convertible notes payable and secured credit facility balances
outstanding are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.

Items Measured at Fair Value on a
Nonrecurring Basis


in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.








and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing
methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent
distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and
records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand
and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company
has recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.








cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.








assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of
impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. At December 31
 2017
an impairment loss of $218
374 was recognized related to its acquisition of Big Bottom Distillery
 LLC. At December 31
 2018
no additional impairment loss was recognized.








assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of
impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.








on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &#8220;asset and liability method&#8221; for accounting
for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets
or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount
expected to be realized. At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company established valuation allowances against its net deferred tax
assets.


recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized
upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with income tax positions taken that
exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits would be classified as additional income taxes
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and
penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017.


returns in the United States. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related
tax authorities for the Company&#8217;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2012.








other comprehensive income items for the for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.








with the TTB regulations
 which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance
audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates
its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled
$654
490 and $997
410 in years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.








all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the related
stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally the same as the vesting
period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates the fair value
of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected terms
of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.
Net stock-based compensation was $657
546 and $563
356 in fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively.








 we terminated our previous
receivable factoring program. Under the prior program
 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance
of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest
on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored
invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the
customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. We did not factor any new invoices during
2018 and 2017. At December 31
 2018
 we had no factored invoices outstanding and incurred no fees associated with factoring. During
fiscal 2017 we incurred fees associated with the factoring program of $63
238.








 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15
 Statement of Cash Flows &#8211; Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments and in November 2016 issued ASU 2016-18
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash.
The new standards&#160;are&#160;effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years
 and amends the existing accounting standards for the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on
the following nine cash flow issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon or other debt instruments
with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration
payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned
life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions;
separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle; and restricted cash. The adoption on January
1
 2018 of ASU 2016-15 and ASU 2016-18 did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
which&#160;superseded&#160;virtually all existing revenue guidance. Under this update
 an entity is required to recognize revenue
upon transfer of promised goods or services to customers
 in an amount that reflects the expected consideration received in exchange
for those goods or services. As such
 an entity will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current
guidance. ASU 2014-09 is to be applied retrospectively either to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements
or only to the most current reporting period presented in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings. The Company will elect to apply the impact (if any) of applying ASU 2014-09 to the most current reporting period presented
in the financial statements with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-14
(&#8220;ASU 2015-14&#8221;).
ASU 2015-14 deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year
 making it effective for the year beginning December 31
 2017
with early adoption permitted as of January 1
 2017. We adopted ASU 2014-09 as of January 1
 2018. The Company does not believe
the adoption of ASU 2014-09 had any material impact on its condensed consolidated financial statements.








 the FASB issued ASU
2017-04
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &#8211; Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. ASU 2017-04 will simplify
the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. Current guidance requires that
companies compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment
testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be required in determining the fair value of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will require companies to perform annual or interim goodwill
impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 and recognize an impairment charge for
the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&#8217;s fair value. However
 the loss recognized should not
exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and will be applied prospectively. Early adoption
of this standard is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2017-04 on its consolidated
financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02
&#160;Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize the following for
all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:



    
    
A lease liability
 which is a lessee&#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured on a discounted basis; and

    
    
    

    
    
A right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents the lessee&#8217;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term.



 lessor accounting
will be largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align
 where necessary
 lessor accounting with the lessee
accounting model and AASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The new lease guidance simplified the accounting
for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no
longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU 2016-02
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
 January 1
 2019
for a calendar year entity). Early application is permitted for all public business entities upon issuance. Lessees (for capital
and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type
 direct financing
 and operating leases) must apply a modified retrospective
transition approach for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in
the financial statements. The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach. We
are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2016-02 will have on the Company&#8217;s condensed consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2018-11

(Topic 842).&#160;
at the adoption date and recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. In addition
 this ASU provides a practical expedient
by class of underlying asset
 to not separate nonlease components from the associated lease and instead account for the lease as
a single component if both the timing and pattern of transfer of the nonlease component(s) are the same
 and if the lease would
be classified as an operating lease. These amendments have the same effective date as ASU 2016-02.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2018-07
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &#8211; Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
which aligns the accounting for share-based payment awards issued to employees and nonemployees. Under ASU 2018-07
 the existing
employee guidance will apply to nonemployee share-based transactions (as long as the transaction is not effectively a form of
financing)
 with the exception of specific guidance related to the attribution of compensation cost. The cost of nonemployee awards
will continue to be recorded as if the grantor had paid cash for the goods or services. In addition
 the contractual term will
be able to be used in lieu of an expected term in the option-pricing model for nonemployee awards. The new standard is effective
on January 1
 2019
 and early adoption is permitted
 including in interim periods
 and should be applied to all new awards granted
after the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact this ASU will have on our consolidated results
of operations
 financial position
 and cash flows.























































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]







price is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

86
667 shares of common stock valued at $4.35 per share
    
    
377
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
062
    

    
    
    
103
488
    

    
    
    
46
250
    

    
    
    
376
431
    

    
    
    
28
182
    

    
    
    
(5
180
    

    
    
    
(179
233
    

    
    
    
377
000
    





Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]







purchase price on May 1
 2017 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

28
096 shares of common stock valued at $4.80 per share for 90%
    
    
134
858
    

    
    
    
14
984
    

    
    
    
149
842
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
521
    

    
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
129
922
    

    
    
    
22
717
    

    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
193
374
    

    
    
    
(52
841
    

    
    
    
(172
033
    

    
    
    
149
842
    









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018












    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
347
616
    
    
    
3
755
477
    

    
    
    
669
843
    
    
    
295
805
    

    
    
    
11
017
459
    
    
    
4
051
282
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
148
540
    
    
    
326
088
    

    
    
    
477
184
    
    
    
56
410
    

    
    
    
49
483
    
    
    
49
483
    

    
    
    
425
851
    
    
    
372
667
    

    
    
    
2
101
058
    
    
    
804
648
    

    
    
    
(342
928
    
    
    
(76
142
    

Total property and equipment
 net
    
    
1
758
130
    
    
    
728
506
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









 2018
 intangible assets and
goodwill consist of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
351
430
    
    
    
351
432
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
28
182
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
404
614
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(90
754
    
    
    
(50
764
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
313
858
    
    
    
353
850
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]







at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
525
000
    
    
    
285
000
    

    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
297
    
    
    
53
942
    

    
    
    
854
297
    
    
    
343
942
    

    
    
    
(58
037
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
796
260
    
    
    
343
942
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&#8217; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
    
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes have a 2-year maturity
 are due either June 30
 2018 or June 30
 2019 and pay interest-only on a monthly basis.
    
    
    
    
    
    
407
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
306
    

Note payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The note is payable in quarterly principal plus interest payments of $9
614 through March 2019.
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
341
    

Convertible notes payable bearing interest at 4.00%. The notes principal plus accrued interest is due in full at various dates between April 3
 2020 &#8211; September 30
 2020. The notes have an automatic conversion feature upon the closing (or first in a series of closings) of the next equity financing in which the Company sells shares of its equity securities for an aggregate consideration of at least $4
000
000 at a purchase price of at least $7.50. The outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest on the notes shall be automatically converted into equity securities at a price equal to 80% of the price paid per share by the investors in the next equity financing or $6.00
 whichever is lower
 provided
 however
 that in no event shall the conversion price be less than $6.00. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where the investor may convert
 in whole or in part
 at any time at the conversion price of $6.00.
    
    
    
    
    
    
927
192
    

Promissory notes payable bearing interest at 8.00%. The notes&#8217; principal is due on June 30
 2019. Interest is paid monthly.
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
101
840
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
2
495
179
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(293
726
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(39
693
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    
    
    
2
161
760
    








31
 2018
 are as follows:





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
300
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2018 were as follows
 assuming a 35% and 21% federal effective tax rate
 respectively. The Company
also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31
 2017 and 2018.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
774
610
    
    
    
(1
794
492
    

    
    
    
(597
146
    
    
    
(348
343
    

    
    
    
2
371
756
    
    
    
2
142
835
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








and liabilities at December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
780
105
    
    
    
5
489
143
    

    
    
    
623
386
    
    
    
563
356
    

    
    
    
8
403
491
    
    
    
6
052
499
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(208
864
    
    
    
(92
016
    

    
    
    
(208
864
    
    
    
(92
016
    

    
    
    
(8
194
627
    
    
    
(5
960
483
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









 2018
 future minimum
lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:





    
    
    
547
411
    

    
    
    
435
958
    

    
    
    
117
683
    

    
    
    
37
153
    

    
    
    
38
267
    

    
    
    
1
176
472
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share in 2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
047
669
    
    
    
(5
277
316
    

    
    
    
6
074
489
    
    
    
3
717
956
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018




at and for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

Outstanding at December 31
 2016
    
    
173
750
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
243
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
260
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(39
151
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
369
006
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
654
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(48
715
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(78
433
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
895
858
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2018
    
    
406
464
    
    
    
    
    








were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31
 2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    













at issuance was $2
110
997
 based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering
warrants
 and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    








as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2017
    
    
2
623
077
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
54
880
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Twelve months ended December 31
 2018:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
510
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
387
600
    

    
    
    
(2
015
620
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(34
022
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding at December 31
 2018
    
    
1
083
435
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
May 31
 2017
May 01
 2017











Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








047
669


277
917





138
630


090
961





271
401


162
926





642
877


586
315





100
000






































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































302


975





345
210


219
168

















Unrecognized income tax benefit
 interest and penalties








490


410





546


356





 we had the option to sell certain customer account receivables in advance of payment for 75% of the amount due. When the customer remitted payment
 we received the remaining 25%. We were charged interest on the advanced 75% payment at a rate of 1.5% per month. Under the terms of the agreement with the factoring provider
 any factored invoices had recourse should the customer fail to pay the invoice. Thus
 we recorded factored amounts as a liability until the customer remitted payment and we received the remaining 25% of the non-factored amount. 







238





Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]










374



























































Sales Revenue
 Net [Member] | Two Distributors [Member]











































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.






















































































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
May 01
 2017





















374







Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares



122






















Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares





667




















Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]

























Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares

122


096


























294

































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]






000





062





488





250





431





182





180)





233)





000



Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]






858





984





842





521)





224





922





717





000





374





841)





033)





842



























































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.






















































































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























122



MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]










667










Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]








122


096










Business acquisition
 percentage




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











347
616


755
477





843


805





017
459


051
282



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








786


253







The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




101
058


648





928)


142)



Total property and equipment
 net

758
130


506












148
540


088












184


410












483


483












851


667







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











990


764







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




614


614





754)


764)





858


850












000


000



Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life















430


432



Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life















182


182



Intangible assets and goodwill
 useful life










Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




000


000












000







037














297


942






























































































The aggregate of all deposit liabilities held by the entity
 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




297


942





037)







260


942












000


000












000














297


942




























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Retirement of outstanding notes
 cash

867





Retirement of outstanding notes
 value of stock

722
888







552


293







Retirement of outstanding notes
 cash.




























Retirement of outstanding notes
 value of stock.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017




300
000


495
179







726)







693)





300
000


161
760












300
000
















500














306














341














192














101
840







Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


















 2021


 2021



















 2018 or June 30
 2019


 2018 or June 30
 2019





























































614


614



















 2020 - September 30
 2020


 2020 - September 30
 2020





000
000


000
000








































 2019


 2019
























































































































































Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























300
000















300
000



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 10
 2018
Dec. 31
 2018




000
000


000
000



Line of credit facility
 borrowing capacity
 description













Line of credit
 interest on loans

790













































Description of the credit facility's borrowing capacity including discussion of how the borrowing capacity is determined (for example
 borrowing capacity based on the amount of current assets).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











600
000













































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).

























































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











774
610)


794
492)





146)


343)





371
756


142
835











































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











780
105


489
143





386


356





403
491


052
499





864)


016)





864)


016)





194
627)


960
483)





































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











147


000












857














175






































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















411





958





683





153





267





176
472
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the remainder of the fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017











047
669)


277
316)





074
489


717
956







































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























Nov. 20
 2018
Nov. 19
 2018
Sep. 25
 2018
Oct. 18
 2017
Sep. 08
 2017
Aug. 24
 2017
Jun. 15
 2017
May 01
 2017
Apr. 05
 2017
Mar. 08
 2017
Jan. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Jul. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Apr. 30
 2017
Mar. 31
 2017
Feb. 16
 2017
Jan. 22
 2017
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Jan. 02
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
Sep. 08
 2016
Jan. 29
 2015





























































Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares













































122








































































































200
000












019















































400
000



































































250






004
181


250

















000





















































Stock issued during period in connection with exercise of underwriter units
 exercise price




















































































273

































Stock issued in connection with exercise of warrants
 exercise price


























































Stock issued during period for services
 shares













































308













Stock issued during period for services
 price per share
























































































760



























































221
















262


356

























































941








































































Stock issued during period for services
 value













































831


914











Debt conversion into shares
 value















































878











































200
000



















































308








200
000








834




019


308












































































































































































































































000


667

























































679
123


500











Stock option exercises
 shares













































715


260























































560
000




728
079






























































































278




962


















278


962



































393






















393



























































322
193





































232






















232



























































182






















































































































689
398



























































546





































088
420






















088
420






















































































































700
000












































































































667


334



















































































































































861

































































































249



























































780



































139




























131
880




667








































































000


















































































































































































































































































584





































































000

















































 starting 6-months after the grant date
 and 75% in year two.













Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]


























































Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares























122






















096










































































































096































































































































































858



























































400











































MotherLode Craft Distillery
 LLC [Member]


























































Issuance of common stock for purchase
 shares













































667

































667






















































































































000



























































580

























































































































































































716



























































943










517











































































































































Stock option exercises
 shares



































630


















































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares



































335


















































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares





































796


























































































































001






















































































































500














































































235
000






















































































































200
000
























































































































250



























































100
000



































































000



























































000






































































































































384










436





















Debt conversion into shares
 value



























500










500











































































































































































334



























Debt conversion into shares
 value































000













































































































































































371


















734









































351


















469



































































































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares



























000


















400













Stock issued during period for services
 value













































378








































































Stock issued during period for services
 shares































209



































































































































































218













































































334
















































































































































































































333






















































































































333






















































































































333
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































000






















































































































000






















































































































000
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































345
978






















































































































268
281
































































































000






















000






















































































































000






















































































































700
000






















































































































004



























































334













Stock issued in connection with exercise of warrants
 exercise price



































































































































































000



























































885
285





































961
312






















961
312



























































000
000



























































110
997































































































































































































Stock issued during period for services
 price per share.

























































Stock issued during period in connection with exercise of underwriter units
 exercise price.

























































Stock issued in connection with exercise of warrants
 exercise price.



















































































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.













































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

































































































































































































































































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.



























































































































































































































































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.

























































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

























































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017









Number of Options Outstanding
 Beginning Balance

006


750



Number of Options Outstanding
 Granted

000


667



Number of Options Outstanding
 Exercised

715)


260)



Number of Options Outstanding
 Canceled

433)


151)



Number of Options Outstanding
 Ending Balance

858


006



Number of Options Exercisable
 Ending Balance

464





Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Beginning Balance






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Granted






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Exercised






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Canceled






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Outstanding
 Ending Balance






Weighted- Average Exercise Price Options Exercisable
 Ending Balance


























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 per share









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages









Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages








Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 per share.




























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 percentages




























Fair value assumptions
 measurement input
 term.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning Balance | shares

623
077



Warrants Outstanding
 Granted | shares

000



Warrants Outstanding
 Exercised | shares

015
620)



Warrants Outstanding
 Forfeited and Cancelled | shares

022)



Warrants Outstanding
 Ending Balance | shares

083
435



Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Beginning Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Granted




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Forfeited and Cancelled




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Remaining Life
 Ending Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Beginning Balance




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited and Cancelled




Warrants Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Ending Balance




Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Beginning Balance | $

880



Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Granted

600



Warrants Outstanding Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Ending Balance | $








Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 exercised in period.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 forfeitures
 weighted average exercised fair value.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 ending balance.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 forfeited and cancelled.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual terms
 granted.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 aggregate intrinsic value
 granted.
























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for equity-based awards excluding options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















Aug. 11
 2018
Aug. 09
 2018
Dec. 29
 2017
Aug. 23
 2017
Aug. 10
 2017
Jun. 02
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Feb. 16
 2017
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017






















000


















































934



















200
000













































































250




004
181


250

















200
000




019



























679
123


500



Stock issued during period for services
 shares



















308




































  2021
























































189




































































































237




























































































000































555



















000






000



















555















































































596

























334

























000

























000

























000


















































025

























000



















000























Stock issued during period for services
 shares

000















































































975


















































750











































































750

























  2019



















Equity and debt securities
 gross





000
000









































































478

























975






































































































478























930









































930




































300

























  2019














  2021





Equity and debt securities
 gross





000
000




















































Equity and debt securities
 gross.






















































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of warrant
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



















































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))















































































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jan. 11
 2019
May 01
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Jun. 02
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Feb. 16
 2017


Number of common stock shares issued
 value











679
123


500











200
000




019









Number of warrant purchase of common stock
 shares





200
000




019


308




834









































Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]


















Number of common stock shares issued
 value



858























096
































003
200

















Subsequent Event [Member] | Non-executive Chairman [Member] | Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC [Member]


















Number of warrant purchase of common stock
 shares

262












































































844
882

















Number of common stock shares issued
 value

678



















212






































000
000















































































Number of securities into which each warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 each warrant may be converted into two shares.


























































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

ML)+2

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O

!#]*X@?4+ -)*F22$VB:9



M&U')VRHF\?O$4WDZFVXB62];?A(_A?G5/BH[2L8HA[(6C2YE$REQ7
4/Y'Y'

M=L3I]WOT+V[S=C


M\&XE5F



\] 8A8X (%*E  .O&SC$ :9ZA$C/(]_*\
M02 ,EYBC$G/(SSP)!!)(]0*56$^GVL$$D@V27''I3GV\




D=

M98!BS._:&*80(HH7@8HM#CSZR:&\4\LF70MM5 GUQ'J:\OC6M')[-CU_G@




MC_/=
!P?BJ+?[&)3]5_:8SRD;U[:KJF&M-N]%OVQB]5V*FKJ I5R15/M#_/E


MQ-




M0

:5;*2%(#H/
M(:
.D-4*W*V6NA6X





MCDI
'?O;<
M#D/;3 \D7MIVB*E1]24UMXO5]KI3QY=AW/1INSL_J#GO#.WQ\AJN#X)6_X'



?$XW!4G-PP
  




PO5;Q9#6
OS695OW7%I7(O

[YF]%]Z6^


MV@W_^6Q;/_J^
;!*WOMY)LEVE.!

M.
MB9JM \((;4
_C Z

Q !'ZH#A4(:Q?\:-:/IGY4




MAD@$RKH';:Q4(:



V%(3_

ME
2/E'SSWNV^[Y_;MA_]NUEO][?CY[Y_^3R=[N^?V\UR_ZE[:;?^?QZ[W6;9

M_3=KU]W[[5B




MR]=U_[5[;]KS 9GQZ'STO[5O[=K+#Y7X/NZ[]?[X[^C^==]WF[.++V6S_/?T



G
S?3L8G36SDT8&FCS4S)'&AIH%

M5
%$%4B4U#P[:?(/':F

1H40Z\-KJ'!S#4?6C*PFE5K


M-.
:5DG.3W!+;W$YJS;/\T)GY-93#G=782MCR6E1#ULUPU9!BA:F:$&*I)89
MU[ 4+1]/Z_R %K@6!VMQH!8R2\RXAM7BV(C26ZX#9U\A-3$JA_NJL).AU^:P







M'*NH3G!JAIS$#$62H%BF*AY.0T\6M79PW-$;!A1G
$6VO*N)SMAR;0(2KL
ML--$Y[4$KV;8*\P3\Z$$?*@H'TI.=1.^'0I4(HL#J\3T)P']T;-M!D3\HN4T

M50)8U116@8@'RF%5.[H


MR0UJH3@ NMSZBN@@@B[9W06;%6R;L$XP:Q+
FW-=J78</KA7.75I(1\_N$O3'QP1[46ZJ$[P:


%XHA!?L!.'H






$QXA&;[PGA29
MMCE=?%3)RCJAWR;%+0P+3_P&3/STA:ZYX;.GLRPM0 ?&
[JS=!(!RHFT_E3(

M^W+WM-KN1]^ZON\VQR^./'9=WWK3[)


M5FV?'3():&U

J!BV?9 *C@A=%.;L)&J7Z-





M[H\]3:

'SK+3E/L

M[T7;B:Y0/%^'+=HFOG5;U!+ P04      7@GQ.^U0)4G@%   '&P  &




( =

9R%BCQJJ#)
MBDD @I5:1A?(I($=Q^UH.2(T1:.Y':GS-O=H@1(:DNQ.D[1$@5LB^2H7G.5]


MXK-BTEPX\LE['80EH#3*A&@*X- 8J!H15?2^9.74^Y_#@\HU)1X2NA


&U)*P3G2?122IZV752MW!;SU'*:L!@@5
M8),,U5:TD!0MGWT&&'




? )QD0R;X'8-0IQ4+R2YB+



MHUH;% E/
EAQ;&-.&\#IR#EM)(
I+_E!&_T4Z)=^
*@- '7DH#82PF0H:*O$
M9)/*E!?XB4JN





14'0AF;M0 TITT2@MFG:E;8@8-K Y!@A.:
M)+=$L%[B




F)0F&[I9
&PO=V]R:W-H


M=BQH1I\=#[+M0G2P




M65*%D_3+DW:Q^EFG\VP;0? 7P!W*8\;$J4E+\7092YLR-Q4^][$9\X.W+L

[!U/;_(G?)KV
M+\*UTGARL0%?-O6_L38 2MG=X AU^
$60T$3XO$=GMTT9I
1;#__(+9\X_(W



2C_9





2YX


VR
M+=L7P

-=;

@#7YW?V3[%VK.4L'-P;]4-6OLWI+245
MU&)0_M&

0^;$D7E'X4716;-2.S4^UZ$)]X=./:F#
[8BGB'XAUZ+P5/





M /@*.

M2\QYCN&;F'2-8






V&]X

$%     @ %X)\3MZEASRT
M 0  T@

MFA99])U


M@Y2!R
MXG3GIDC( U^=W]L^Q=E_+65BX1_FSJUR;TUM**JC%(-TSCH\PUW--



MF9.DR4E#CI.\LJ[#.P=CV_R)WR:]J_-)VVY(S.OVSL?XWHP$O97?D1:OT'



UO(#_WITL6FQF*:6&










134+AP/
M_FRF
9L

M%T)_9
Q7'6CA;VP/!F\:Z[0(:+J6^=Z!J!-(*\9WN_=

E]80!TU!





!4V(QUL\NVG
M)B/8?OY!;/G&Y6]02P





 ;Q(&MSB36,D%\34:'ZN<;J(@4%#ZR#=H5'4H2!1D_)DXZIXS Y?F=

5%2_B2\*#*+ [%C[SL1



$%     @ %X)\3@V/J1&U 0  T@

=EH[)-K 3QYT:IS.6V][X^
N;(%
M+=R-Z:'#F]I8+3R:MF&NMRJ-**\22Y95K(CA99])UMD9G!*]G!V1(W:WL
MZPF4&7.ZHV^.1]FT/CA8D?6B@6_@O_=GBQ9;6JIH7/2=

MVK&6BW!P;]1/6?DVIP=**JC%H/RC&3_#7
\[2N;BO\(5%(8')9BC-
K%E92#


70/1''.:8O@J9K=$
&1?4OM%?^#YQOP]--

M971S+W-H965T

[[_LB8JSK0PMU@

&T+7.]!5$GD%:
[W9OF!;2T#)/OK


M6YU)K.2^!2-CW5!=U$0**A\9!!AN\(#*!6)@HP?,R==4D;@^OS_C[5'FJY

MJNA
K4AW0;P+WFO)LWW.KI%HCCE-
7P5\QK! ON2@F^E./&_X'P;GFTJS!(\
M^TWA/P@.FP2'1'#X;XE;
=D?2=BJIQILFZ;)D0H'DR9YY5T&]CX](GL-GZ;]






'R3]_!IVK\*T\C.
MDC,Z_[*Q_S6B R]E=^-'J/4?;#$4UX</_BSF<9L

$
M%     @ %X)\3A&P%F.U 0  T@

WQ
GG5
&X/+\RGX?:\=:SL+!G5%/LO1-

M#^
KK<1OOU'X7Z=8+=*
ML(L$NP]+7(OY_%\2MNBI!EO':7*D


$%

C
N

@E^[?#TB:


PVM69A$HNB



CL1


M_UOB5LR?*MFJIQI
$Z?)DA*'+D[RRKL
[!V/;_(K?)KVS\(TLK/D@LZ_;.Q_


K?










GF*1 HH4@(!X(@@3..\2





C8N


MK?=6T#3-R
T1+9CSC*$;S&Y%$
N^IJA%&?Z(9R&P_=!A7L??MAFC_=A@D.0
MX/!@*;'=R4&



M&XZ


H^]LRAQ'IV0/


MI6-*ZE&ZU O*CX5+9[G7?9QG^:;E^T?0)?'PEW,8X; X4,_\@GAS@Q
Q





V&OOJ6@!/WK3J7$Y;[_L#

M-V@M[.\C*#/F-*'OCF?9M#XX6)'UHH'OX'_T)XL66U0JJ:%STG3$0IW3^^1P
M3 





&9VQ%O
/D'7HO!?]TG;%+$)HQQPG#5YAD03!47T+PK1!'_A^=
?Q3?[IVG_)FPC.T?.QN/+QO[7QGC 5'97.$(M?K#%4%#[<+S%LYW&





MC=ED.-W//X@LW[A\ U!+ P04      7@GQ.%)4NK8!  #2 P  &0   'AL


YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P0OWG2CE6TIFZAJ


M.V@MS)\3*!QSNJ-OCB?9MXX6)'UHH$?X'[V9^,MMJA44D-G)7;$0)W3^]WQ
MM _X/@E8;2K



7)WGE

XW9

3@KI
M40BF_AR!RRG'.WQUO'1-:YR#%-G &G@%\W





MEN*_PA6X@_M


X9N
M

M!ME'!.A-D!@FNPE-HT3H-OP9 VJUC#N&R\ZU0\T-#X?_!YI+XQW?;2H(NR

S
N




YN*_PQ6$AX=

_\&G:'YAIN;+HHIU_
MV=C_1FL'/I7=C1^ASG^PQ1#0N'#\Y


@_$VMC63.FZ8AMC/


@Z


]1A74
MK!?N60^/


M:.L$.A'H3-C'.&0
%#._9XX5F=$#

KXIU/WGKOI4B3


M;6R-5-N.VR 0_17$!RPVN7@5V98V6U6MU$K15FV?B3V^:


MY&G/:O@YFM_438BTO9NAT*SNDH,KP4WPZ)P[O =]:&/5JCUPG5RE?7?Q




?$[PFZ)2S $

V+GAM;(U4[6[;(!1]%8L'

MH2+SN:TJ

M2:5J!72ZE5VDH





M.0R9WX3


M2P


BE



MD6T!B_C.--JA+[[3#%WZ*Y.7NE/!46C38%P;. NAN=$)GHS$ROP8ID7#S]I.



9\G))(


 ^#/3^P
 O <D

W=F



GB



M;OH\B.9OE




M+*
1/;($'B+68P3




ZABK#
MOD5P;TM/M5!-MC?;W52>].%MS:_ =-W>-ZYAVNO/=\P.1
M?$ZL\54?%0
  %L

M;V^;
!#&OPKB?0MW_*^22$VG:9





MRN-)#AW!9M6R(__&Y??VL5.M8


0+T/C\W[MA\.

]5XV41:N@LN0:(K9CC&XB($Y(E#99P12BW:
MPXN

MI M.%J9(4U*2DA*4R*D%@7*
YSFI.1G(S@Q 8GLSAQBHECTW(2DQ.8Q
#D
M%B;*TCAR'
'755VWL[
6NV-#BG8JY8/Y_\3F#U!+ P04      7@GQ.GMQ[A#L   D
M!P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T,2YX;6R-5=N.FS 0_17$!\3<
M0R*M$E5M5(K15MU^^R024!K

MIM?V+

..DE_5490;-W6=(YSPA8AGVGV!


)=(PXG$8\R=2&C--=0$T1U!



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0R+GAM;'U4[6Z;,!1]%<0#U!AC/B*


)G%LA


M)$9QM-FDF)&.HSQSOJ/

S%HVG$XRD -C!'YMP JQCT*T8?CI6M:;1TXSWK2

MA(!J:T





'\$?1#8=5\%):-
][HUK(328



M%;(PV(L#/Y7F1;9?Q! H#H
A_3=Q%J65.Q*[QTZ6NOL-=B=M9#6X6)2*O_?7

7H*$ C060_+

MW+G%[MEU]VQ:;5?/&5[@-#H[HT'SW&O0E0;=*M9S!5Z

M@OP\Q

#A,#?%\ #@0;13:(%87C:'?XGNP6ZTZC@#(B .P\%^KL,?*3-P'G_(AF
M
9R&FNMP@BB=?@;152=V1^-WKHY%K8.M-+:I=ZWW(*41UA


P%D-*2&
6A[V\Q(VV'LL3Z3B)+


%
MJ(:;3'2
@E-IOUXQ2


POCM+VS9[I:J;V7+/:#!%^
T(3)



U?Z\=@KKCA7H)/T'W1^C1[ZV:!0*;/=Z;UP





Q&=(!8 3%T00= M(A )UH




M;2I'SA737-3UIOI=T:W*-A1F6FLYZ)IMLU\;I]2'C=:V;U#U!+ P04


M;6R-5=&.FS 0_!7$!QQ@
$10;KD5+52*T57M7UVR:@LS&UG7#]^]J&XPBX


@*0'FOC#9RZU=*M9L@D&4%C

*+T4EP
MV0H@)YO$:(#


@%[SS1OZR6F&\B
MVL3Z
$L3M&=G][1;J:.W(HE0'MQ

0I)W'(269REI@8


9A 1)#63-
F;5+5
MJ=NUDS@!U6!F.Z'[][


J*4A6\-:R5F[!2JEL#
Q)EP<^*U2U]
M$H$\-PT1_QXIX_TFC,+KQ'-]JI29 &71D1/]1=5+]R3T$PNA[JAK:QY&PAZ

MF98;$OV
!]((:WU1'S443K6_FWDS:M;/W=%JI9R]E$F4%N!BC4?,X
M:-!,@VX56U<1YY,$:() GDID*U/;BCR!<6@P5;36DV&$Y2O%BBN+$[B/$%^




K?T^
MJ=<G]?ADQ^'R68^\1KC/
_]1IG7*/

=XLSQ?-










MI693H W1/^;)#/:_7?].NY5Z])X'.
F\NR$:
;L!@Q\P^#UB;R-(.D$\+6!2

L
MB1ZT?

 !.D($&ZPHR-L79*

MJ6+[61$KR
Z5
(!6E #QPJ
4+\B!PP!!
M:9 L4






B^;SVCZ)XBX
!] N@/8!0309X'4!GA'@M
J:4C\E

*0G

M)B2 0@*0P%BM#6(\0\@THPD)H9 0+*F/$T0P073'DB+&-RJ99C0A
102W[&D
MB D
(=.
)F0!A2Q @M 0@IC($#+-:$*(BU]Z%^SNC5K(#=\@=^POA&*CG!E(
M%P
=YHG0._880@M3S#2DB\%F1( ;!:.5::&@@8K64UW7%#
-Z6*PL1'@2%YX



Q2X518HEHH'LP5/9B'VPRDB\&^1Y'O




;H%
=D2KD%R0&#J0R21U%. A2U)&V]XO




X_W)]-[ZJ7

7F/I)


M+S3AI]VL0





RYX;6R-5.V.FS 0?!7+#W#F

MY?:RS

O=8$#:P@85-HR4#.
M62)CX_?

OXCQ
\S]I!C-
MS7^%
S #MTZ

X\U_*_ 717!#];T$\%\1+
M09BXYB=GKM6/5-




%8;LWMM00
&FVG

$%     @ %X)\3G*YGC)L @  AP@  !D


M/
_85=*Z)0=NB6O38/ZG()3U6QO9KX;'^E));7#RK

7\H/(G]V!JYDSL9SJ




M5F
^M
9A(EDWMGUG^O;(_P)02P



M6C2!A-

M;P3BFN^=N58_4TV+7(HND/W+:JG])N(U-H=9VJ0[._?
=*M

M

I? 7N;P(Z/IQ70?P2(5X X ?+N
M%
CL%'I

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#4V+GAM;(V58:^;(!2&_XKQ^ZX(BMA8D[7+LB5;TMQEVV?:TM9





MN\K).#5;#E_,Y.O^V4(#!KV4X9!ZH?%[9F=6V
-
:?P3

MKFO94LG6O/Y=[=5I&9(PV+


M!TJ\0
D

CER?Z3
MQZ-[PD.\/


M*-X--U0T7I/E/U!+ P04      7@GQ.09^ACA@  #;!0  &0   'AL+W=O



LH+CK_;HTM3VO2W:1I.MASSUQ
MH13S7UL@;*S\R+\5GKMS*W4AJ
L!G^$;R._#GJM=
+


M$6&N7G
1DM&)15FA^



MC :%2AW
MJ^1.E=QA




J;AHJ=*FN+9ZE36H9(D&0H)8VG5_DUG<21<YO
MBC4=G(0G;VU+Q;\C

MGH#JX'_!^V-FXFW GP8&N9A[II

 4! PNRBA0/=SA&1@S0KJ

/43^][4_ ^X

MBA:YX(



MBC/&) M.%


M)MU@8ARL

MN=)WS=Z(BG

5_4$L#!!0
,/47/^*NH :3W1DDK-GXM9;=&2%0U4P6K(-6?3DQ3K%4(3\C



M!U^/&S_0AH! );45LL5=D(%E(V_@R:_EA2$Z?[F_IGT[OJY8 %[!CYW1QE


1W0F*:M\Y

ZK.]$N([5



MD^-OFYXZS+



LO0;ZD5%ZS5X*C6 ;U W*J#G*,





M8M(#YG:+D9VL&Y@)V$RP9G28SQ!&16@VCAEX$K$G$0R9FBOGT3RPM%N:]I^:

4P=&A@*6-+V5B2K/
Z&TL2JXO*H9F%
ME:8)4E1Z7^[M;N!WP7X7
$+*T(M0H8-56RH D-JEK[88LIN*(XMK(I_6$A
MT  [:J;_UH$&3Y2RRV2VRLZ!-@*VI:8,!&N$D)6 I@H1,WCSCQ2K+XAA6$
86B
M345+%LGI:FL&85YE\S2BKKS/K()0EA.$,U5[5.R*TVL.[D^-$5H3BS/14-@
M'6@8^ICTPUL4SW;7@+H*YIH%#/*05S1Y=(EPN5:A?E$B$X TT43^0HB+R63
M?'6$[1Q@NZC8[MP!MG


MGJZ&3A/2=HTHW$'@5@8&4[0-G11-P6DNFAP%
97 N^)38PQ,N=H+DR9(
M9VO.DG(5O96^!



M ;$G7=EVH
9#<.8<9S]NZ!/A;@]HV9Y9V(+;

V$1B&10(09
M $EF7=,$P%9YI/P-A*\X*M



MODQV$R4^%
9LB;!2 JQ4JK85K*T0&%

M-?-PD4
7H*_YIL$3-FBM!20C5
T:8*F

0NZ 9

MM&4WF=^%)&U!5U)1FPIF?OLCLI4O)!D+.O@4;0AH _C53R$Y6T#.5C;K2#J6


C6D


MP4I7O=72(9RXD$@)) W3+#:6V5+#!+@-DR

MK=L5LY[U&!SY1HV(ZG,&NBL$Q4L4P4UDE;7;) =30=9$8X2!ZM^?\70?KH

ZY'5AFJ:@:AYEXY4+XP?D%[9G$#UJ#K8U/$YSQ(?

]



ME@*Y:Q*V-C%]J@!*N!,AY9G=H0F3'LJ0Z:A!$+TX$*TGA:8NE00V)A@6=2


#E-<I!<


M25C-P:2-@K2-UNE@%_!QIUFB AED8C=:PI2+@J2+P&EPZ3?J-
M!($Y
M(AF
PPF#*)T8<0*28'!T?
M^GKRI,4[HL6;SEA&T!:Z!WMA=$$!<:?I[UJ,'IA ^QTO*/Z1 %!%1[.W=


'( )
=$XR%: @&:=DPF]RC#F-$M]J 0T4S)930&8DGM0RB-&
M(T@P:*=DLJ?\H^_,-

+%5!(3D
HSQBA 69CTAY7-
M!&@&MP-/1Y[Q!1 .)OVA9K


M/7[\?-VG_P=02P
$%     @ %X)\3GKWZ

6DO7R7!SE#VE^GI^TG26#EWU9RZ8M


A]8C$!D_,\7V [51!<C@ 9
@WIZ
(Q !





S4
03@9%.)\I'@1B ,U71
M!9G;';#F/2(,X(@0!P.!6%A0 )6%GJ&!ZR,B ,VDRA. 1DQHIBJVF*O6*ZV


$%     @ %X)\3IH4
JE<.+JCF
M$8WC+*I9U81%[O9VLLC%1?.J@9T

MP'\+PP/H$$#' )JZ6GHAE_DGIEF12]$%LO_X+;/_F*RH^38'N^D^A7MGDE=F
.()D0S&B*$R0H

M@@5*L'@B2PRSQ$66J



RYX;6QUEE%OFS 0

MXU9WI5_-14H;O55E;=;QQ=KF(4G



MBZ.]K&



M*O'678O:7^_=$\;[9? W_ PP+?P=R'O^65BQ66EUCW2W^8UHWS%ZP&YO

Y
M%.10@$

MT!($+0'0


& B
M/-F@B


(#UXN6'T#9W!N2P(:@(+

R^L)7



VDZ8_?N5;87!ZF[BX2%@Y_1%





_^@?[
M;G
';S)Q


2Z.P@-I/)!& @446':8&
P;
M
7$Q'BE&(@5$6G:8Y22FF@\BL&C&1*T-9+ Z+H23BY$*
FS.I)'@J4B%





%Q!A@/56GC0H(53$?Q6D-^ !PL%


MP8.%[G&?&A7!;85PFQ






MWW=N/=\1IA=1OE4'SJ7SGF=%-7



MV9PJ*7)M1862)^_M-2V:ZT7;O])@ M8$?,@^BF!: +Y()!/503Z%@/@28$



M N4QFX:.C
?&&?&TU;9A 26^T?%KR!@C%
XM '
+[%H'H9%;BV'=8;4-C&
MT(D?P9&$80A$(DANQ6$8;3'026090,% O!AI@7TMER2P)($+94* QZ?^
M6@/WL77\F/EQ+M!/CQ8?2 A/&!B8#8CP 0QAS.RBJ+T0?#09$#PI$+0J!HX
M0 1/%V2/%TO.P3

M( -^8(DB6W\1#@9
P )$M@*!9HFL9J&


1XL__.G?JNQ/_W;XT^MB==RE^2%*




MC?XS?:@_-Q@

M_VK#VP6LL:9UWFZ3F_JOFV1;-5:\/)8EO9!5*]CL?Z5)V?GU7F\XZHV''?CZ

M+MENHU?'*LO3JFI%^Z$\-FF1WWZS2\L;W
!/97%_N(TNB]T^R1L Z=-?H\]
MW55&5Y8II0NL6SB



9!VM4]7A^PNW3;DQ
5Z3:(&



RD:6VK]P@9VHL_
:IK$C6UJ)5W<&B



M?
Y7




J1?-U

M

;82TZH%)+(W!M




M2#_F7C7=_QG:]8GH^]-4IIK2V514/%6W0[D2A\ECMU63$R[YCKV5.]:I3;Y.

C5)'GTLTQLX:W;J

MZU9H
6.@:;LJ;A%6N

W2D&6 #VR-%ZJ^+8WF-IOG%+BWA?/+H_C:K


M(6'A7Q;%CG0IWKH!

M[N -9ZYEI!]?'[

M3L4K+L4:&L

B?Z(;U?DI+Y!5T(*^.

KRH

0%LKQW6QS1L2-(1349@ZMI



K9@X'@;

M ^5&E 6\B)(1=3S
U



M(AWM]IL\LZ9V=5R!?8F
2XTXDP!NHHKR=J]5'. ]!IHH;](XY GV7C#^]]L$

-
M_ %/+$W6E
GLHE$K-Q70C5^$C2:](!:'6#
6Y(;-+)&WW^+-@@PD+/]X#3


M9
ZJ+HLNA9DSGGN)]
?DP?66@Q\VLDZ]B&I/PJNPQ)N=FMH$:Q%*ZE?O7KM
MM!DN;R&S%UV/]TFY[MVS?1ZS&@,$D^XR('\X^8K8G#LF!_QGX$L?X(+C?\(


M^Z_L*CEZL5=?$N*GZN VS%TR\;ZBUU99[G6:ENA/S/E@]8#4$F7FC3I)3@Y1
M%+6D^?
'_?H
.$ /C;A8N$






MBO??^:PQ46(ABMBG-L9&,9;\8VB_5A%_*)R:]-2!.(#S+J2&&5Q$4^\0SV

M#0?]F04
/:+X

3^2 Y5Q

:&\N7*\N72:7J3MEGYX_H@@C)?5I251%(7 VV


/R\1;KMC'XS4(\*7%&F
Z.XH*(*MWW$%=0^)QK=#G


2G;W<

M*1HJ%Y

%=9?

MX&?#\/X6F*!G+Z(_N[K-]NB'I643S(E).;;GQW*1(:=D:JWLE\X NR#:U&&^

[YZSGUO\
NM+];;:ZM;*
810S5)Q8)\Q






5EN
M**/
H







G0JVDU


!G]0^-IS^(&\.3JP)GPA2/=:I



7P&64ERCT$7X3+9
40U6RPCB.
M

M[5A0L6I)I:9D&9 MHVEGE
Z% 40



4&




M6]P\:


M&_%!CFH@N\@(188QY*\AMZ)2)89QW(5O4\=W=^L1OJJ%U.W=9Q1TKEB?1 HE

E&ZQQ:V



_:ZR$LZ4ZX KL@4H=F8K
MYZPTYB00\@RD4!?VB4/I+A=L[/PCJOD $E$8Q@RJ+CJ::V)#\@U+$2Q\8Q+
MMD E\8[\('+E2+,\4O#$YF56T=DQ]Z*FEO*U6W2@4$\NN=TDLY+@(DHEKK


MV[[;SA%EJ.4#_9J)NFT:IS7FW

M3P0(FC5)+G:S;H



2[.U#


D&W



M7?1'ZI'FYA_9#

#(</#&SC<JO)@



M&.;%S
F9-C(3@L[


^A4P$H+5!
M$&11J=*1&S3LXR_8#1-3)7WL*/WS0C=E6K


:#\Y?P(0Q1DY#!1UBR(@%5%A/DBZ$RW^PN

M_2G]BA =L^J6W7X8FOO1]UL /']/RZ('P*.6JL%#F7CA)01)(T%Z2KFG*441




O60M\KZPS=F
6I78


^D-EJ(O







RXFH_.^Z447DD+I5<]8/VM*2BN=TE47&^S&VM&D!;;UM3 Y&






)NHT-!:]X;!5


MD4%T

M?




M14=&4!8/R59.B@(DP#&RGM@=4E8N 0S#L5?A83S0UD^#4[TF*;'Y+1ENK.O9

J:Z+LJAI7E9WXB+0

[?'5^ZJM/T*.
TZ/LZ3VB17T7\AI:



^VU3?..@17K6J3;[\F@[+

! /)XMX.AD@





MN6[T?WJ6)[2 [7*6)DB3PXG^;Y

_:V/


@);$31U49(GA)7=)W^QW'1?WA9!H,-O .Q!$PROL;X%2?YI


VP'@R
M1&6_HP/V$ZKZF HP=6I#&OM,:,L.=@&,VN*1VB_M M8B&8Y $.7&85CISF


4I.%FF2KGF3S7TQA 08
M_)A0I?S11;X%_J^

@CB*%XL%M@VB]UW7)N7
MR;'[UXX_3H$=%Y])^3?Z%E&5)J4'9::H4O/K09ZRUZNA;WZ3B_1BN%C&TZF.
M3AR
03L=VR0[N=F\6%NOAYJJ];






M;0#


M5%06KQ$85=53!VQ\C9JM8?T7NE8EHYRK)[$S4/-9'3*

C&.=DCV.&W

(HU7]0?


MW=RY(NL-OVU#A7H^3Q#N4X]FNCX5RC

MU7D3S

Y&XWB\F$72EU$0TM9;?1%/


1/3M:2KXS364/
M





$.ZJB
80

[BT?\N?@H1]]TM6VW@HN
MQ\'4\E.!AW.C4$J ]PH[J%\6N7'WE '7#:K6F:1T+VJY]X\#@:7R8K\L.6#
O^J K.F\ZE1*[I=4(/;/ D^=O&0^P
M'&6V9$?@-![-Y_&8_#N_U6E4$'3F[?<<'5+S?JZL)H%N/AR.C.OGK%C]#[V

ON%5[=6IJR&%B\.QN ^5U=@
M)H(0O\ ^NHP).TD[]Q-\O'(W&3=6=71WIM@(AJS=J

P?\\A)?RVJ


V.YX/#FQ7^01(FR1Z*9AAZ'G7KC@KLV&V+EG$L:O
M30N48
F-!XNN\MT&D#6N

M'NE[7;$W8C_#43R925#$9\12H^SFY&D*-3WD2I.Y69X'C9_Z4L@
O-B=%#N8

MHVAKWG[1L=!_V
7VOXMDX7).AT_'EJEAJUM5?#X%@[+0HRYHXQK7?QQ!X]$I




XCB<1K,(C%M$C88T@ZM:G_82?3X9BLZ]5'
H7:F%))Y 'K

AWOTI4^\ Q*S;X#+9E) [7CU[YG4B?C+^-


G\6P\J
5:_(O[


MJ;C:R;M&7\/5Q[ZNUD7V=9WB\A8;#+_YFJXX//61DF;*./JI).;Z6[;Z@IEN

6IK\?L2TUG

M.=W0O2%[O&D



M[5RW::W?LYWZ.S;M#9:Y0G4M6!4ZNPCNP',I5Z5F:A$ A8@@LGEA_=X'2)
MH=H:Q!

MI\#$),O^+ :6RS0$D6A0

MX\$\'HZ7%E#770;M'Q-^R(^.@IK=5?)\$)6XSC$U?2NZ_@=@-5S\ER2OF-








MJ'V)X)GS$@3.X;X 1&%9 #4$P2]MM^$=1:O_CAID40+:
QO+4@\=V^GV.MT6
M]R_-_\8/?93M:HYW+[J0/* WRD

]T%@WG.
4 .\PM^Z.IT855


Q\LQ7%MV/]OKW'0:NHO@



[_J0(^/#S-Q=$$%YOVNE
MAEHY*7\7[J
H1OZ@
!GS3=*

;


/5
M.2AMHX5YC8X 6#IZR# RW3-M%WTZBW[@'+#ZGEME46@*AU+IF;MC20T[F=1E

1)1(%.7249(5)#

;C)





+[92&J?+-7\/W361U.]
ML_ZOY $?-1W





'G21E77


M+FCZ1


7IB.!9%(AMMH$!I\5-%T=


HZGH):=\4DD-4M$B+H#!B24YO61SE/S
M]E17[&#FWN$@+3%FVQW#7C?!)0UL8CF

QW(+T
MS IDCC70[]
:NKM3
(
B_]!#DI[_@
J'
DVIO$AM.=729.6%:GW$WXO);(*AXE






HW;]T
U2=((O
L2?0/$.F(4:B?[88
M,8$8B9P80;@:6/;DG:S'0^^3ZZ@.MWX1BAH:I_I: OY'8+&O%B
XLE\\00Y




O?

F=N=,4Y3?!U<'#BTYKLF5BS-'<.[NK28@\;X.
M[)@*VPQPWR$SNZ9@BH4W)*W,2OG^X:$MP24= _R^#-QJZ35790;(I6[87


M[QB'@ Q'72XR


M!D:(!#Z3V 8 OC(\G


M' *SF'.9+3OE80FOWGU^?4&3&N6B=C$Z-NIK64)+)!!7?OABZ ;9$Q.H;C$T






T2%*\
HZILX+]YG


M

T')-[VZDJ




O(\J?][_&




7T7)F2['1A*9ECH8#)MH1_'






 Q







S[X

MO&QI3T8?]L]8NE/9V WK.B1QT%F3

MJS

MJJZ3OLO1;5-0
HK_;R!DX&S9]L&2-M;9'[=?2 ^[QA0\(A:*5I%/I^;M)OYT
_ON[<=SZ4V)G90\OT F*!F3&/K



=^'0E$
M8E(N*D%;

!P42J5WOB#Q+

AM)9652SC)&MR@;1F='7
O^$NIBV U

9*N(4DC9YND0A*B=N?_N
MM-S!35/X68.%<JY])'2@L^L&A%2.<3TJ_&;^4M&VWM6
F+F=;XG6!9\U;
M;W8)0H6XKVW1G-SB1A.^#JK
@$4!:LF*U78]636KG1=)AYBIYN
YZ-=-!)NZ




M%-T#N8D[0*(5&$U[ +[DV9_#44NBQP[T1M!N*Y2@S!&?\DQ8QU6D'#SFJF_)

MD,0P,^?7XG#4[+/@Y((U.V_D-Z6[5+I$HN^'.KOY8I;;!IN@WS:AF=Y8%#[
M#TM  NR&3L65A+4N19\MZ=2'K^@AN1DF#)

M]

22NOB\

M]'\

MSG0
Q'UJQQ^DW%EKCTXFT!J

\:8/GL
/U
M= IWLR%*@%J\/&5


M9%O'2I' (3M=W;HN:F:
+8PRG5AE_]LIQ.JNL;E
[8.$\W6V)N6+?Z-=4R]\

W$/T5^



_5X# ]1ZEI;^]H^A48M:VRT8R\X#YWS+KR5
S(U








M


\18CO6S4?]4=Q8;8_D*^AOFP-)X*:8

M$_5

JJUBD+




FJZ<+VWR 6JITHUD#%(
M
M**?UJ=L?0!I%TC&HS#ER;G]Y*)$*2=2+L0#/;-7:)DQ8E1.IDX-155$.KV

W(F2
M;

0R#DY6^%KJ:F57:SOP+4U2
FPGS K'
MA@)TQAV@M@%


MSKC6H0J'05[JV5

M

MT-


0(=8XK(VMT0YS^9E&=H299G-BIEW2\@-4%(16[7^Q;R;_XNL-L
$Z8!-A.


M%PPMJ1

M7R9:?:QP!U;B=-1B\NC/








SO/%


DDHW/@1N%
MJBY?J\)[B%WN7Y/
1V?3AN?%!

(2;]
MR.ZXJ(?8

MDJ7W.O!+M1+7&V9;I[&QOTEN$NK9M4D)@)\QSM\]@JV_;%;B5@:^(

KPA\B

MXCDK6V%[X1


V#]YHI^VP=MQ.,1YV:EG:YO$3;WSU:U/2?%,;8]LWXL1]
M
@'!!_]3Z*' _T7+&*EBT4\X28RA1LDEQEA'&D
EWDDO4%A?R'Q+7_J:_P+R
M\3[*8R'K@ZGRVACD4D0(' 8 (X&I'O:I(NYPLVPQ4/*(/A)X?]ICT3CF]-\3

HHLOC;
JB2Y








M3?ISL/R3
S
+TCWK;5K

MF7:2-E-AQ



M):\DK\W)=!3_3CFKA V!OIL_YD_

MI?P+H[+(
V#Q
-D7#%2]X02_ / !\^.E)M%G\E!-2]% Z,*-W!-0;@L]R63
M+'*]Y?(B530)16PG2)'RJY[-NA.K$EZT9AY;M'J:ZQ]O^XMGUV.P8NOU)S.


C!@6.WP+KO&8P6+D
M0IM)9IPC/&;JQ+)-U9)QIS\\PD+&GIP%AD=O&IQMD*N^^$37B#]2?\-#]6O1
OSXP


MBD6&E4Q5^W3

A1\YX2E#7T:OY5=FZ950XW7I









M
=%&0






OP'!)/&O



V?



M?7I+5?'^@TUG^F?O'=/ZU$#C$N/Y(]HXJ%_V%-P9['0AI

MVD14RQI80F5NB6(J]%D5B^]IP




MP)L:$N)8\@ (K:VL0:(8@7UJ
Z2!+P[<#IS(#2@(IG
MM!,^IIKF5HLN2IL9#?G*:7[KQM?77$]/3)]RPB!A-5N%#AJXCL1^N XX12S
M=#B\?[MX@+0?
9Y7RC(+)[9!UM;'^^7V=@+T
-_ \P'






MZ.4AYH\GSOK3F@TLQM

M-HX9/M05H3B&N$B 5



M9^I45MY3^;3/!Q2T9&%IY$?+_ =^-+ LH4XH;WOU(SL15ZX%N00+OX-_W!=M



M^78#]



BO
13+-SG2N%]#O?T:?Q
M^TY[W SN;DY;



MD;T#__?=;O^/_P-02P


+BO #3J.!--@BNMZ[=!T&05

%P$G%!TUBT_(;K!F6R%3K!\Q%
M/O]:YI#@A].77UJIKUX@/YZ\.CD)'\ZN]O%3%SC#R'-\R!


+I2U&85A%.V
M\?#



;0:









)Q-B
MG\S4 U2 9$-$2)@\)L3V@$P+) '909\H0
C6_H*0#K/&A%@;
\C)U)UOE'VP





M?._\=/+RPP_20$NL!S4FB-#/%_) 2^V$H)V%'-WYDMG^'D)@P4F)A!+G)
M(!OFC938&\-)RB FYH^4W!]8ML)3$PI*;%2PG1E*(89II*
6B5AWC)(AWDD

FJW#*0
@S\Y9I:



[


3$+






M2O*=GE=;4+$Q0TS








M49Y_ U!+ P04      7@GQ.,&^I3/4!  /)@  $P   %M#;VYT96YT7U1Y


\JV-T%XR%LJ;.A-PZZE-E:7UG
M8CKU*^9
N38K8F(V*UAI^TA]G





MWY(\6;O^G
_&_Z$MW@!02P$% ,4      7@GQ.'R// \     3 @  P
M            @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P+GAM;%!+



M:&5E='


M% 

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ %X)\3OM45)X!0  !QL  !@


M+W-H965T.YX;6Q02P$% 

M  @ %X)\3A002&NP 0  T@

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 
?$Y=]_$9M0$  -(#   9                3TO  !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M 0  T 


M
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      7@GQ.WJ6'/+0!  #2 P  &0
M@ $4
PT*T 0  T@,  !D
M         ( !ZS8  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-BYX;6Q02P$% 
4





M%X)\3A&P%F.U 0  T@

M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      7@GQ.W:4)'+
!  #2 P  &0




M965T

  !D


4



M A0#%     @ %X)\3DW_2CO% 0  -P0  !D              ( !\E0  'AL


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      7@GQ.D%]5W
8!

R



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ %X)\3MR6JXQ1 @  B@8
M !D              ( !VF   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-RYX;6Q0
M2P$% 





M%     @ %X)\3A:.1)OA 0  9P0  !D              ( !@W$  'AL+W=O


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ %X)\3J#@









?$YRN9XR; (  (<(   9


M:&5E='



M.YX;6Q02P$% 



[; @  /@H  !D











#$X
3(S
2YX

MX08!&HL6__J7F54%%$0!+B)

\RW7^?
;

M@_JM
W(_:M_

M871
K5[/



MIYAG#:+W5K^4? %@P*^SH:-?

SC

M\=RIA+.A!RY]UHUZ/'_T&G
*6L\_@+_$HBG$+UM%4N?8D=39


H7\U!!$?2Z%I

6_XZ41NNSO/!4P%KW<V
MB

79OILXMK#V^G



M[IB
WI9
QJCKG2-SW\X?/+U=^.#ANG=]\(X0MTEB5)&T(V*$6S7;-?YY.K/=
M5W8JVD]A_I1:_X%O-]JF\KGD@$:;]497
C/XW)/T\]4-)J KN$-VY9FCX)J'


I&.LFK
M2*6!O5]%UG@2W#$/0RG

;MR06#T C19W
&[EN^[WBNJJR=R52U4R0OBH;JR
,UC?;\<#BUTK)CVG6D-


'4O!

MHTXX=F39:BO2R2.3_.:ZPV? W'%3R$;9/4D4G.IELS*QY^'9/0TBR'/!1(L]



MJP#!.#[Y'&;#-/M[%

4:R;%-H(P(FX*PHGRJ[


M6=A#ZQ#L(4H0F5AL]/F%#4+

MSX-V&APWO11
REN&@@
RDD


ZAA$S':





473A^@:F\
MI'G64M/A2+
\8M

I-E1

Y\'! RMA/




[P=
\96S<B0H-$8_53K]TAG^S;+M_ZE*

\5JS\'R5#I$WO-
M9JYO!2=B3KVQ'-

(; -/E:]6:G


\Y&/+4%!=-GDNFXJ(2D5$)6 OXA+ZZ@83
MYGUQA^S*

M
\-.)R EWG@N8EXQ!C? LE0@
MALYP//6*CH*T%J+AS.B! D[1^GP[G6$H-:[H' EB1[.C+^SB;6P#Y+KI!<
M^IGM.Y;2KR0\BUN'<#;&'CB.5+!




-546F9%
X5IIE)4*YHI2#.5\E-1






-<&?%6'\<'
7M#JN-PR.-0

.^_5&LVZTCZP'O8(DL8!=
4E*!D+)
_G%







M;ZM
C_6]X)]?S1=K&IY(FE4I3N#.](!M\8$







M_W?3#ED6@.+&4P#$FTJ!K@'4UNYUFE@TIM!L6P.QEP-$O=%I&;UN=T



8O
M.'6&NWSY!=/M](UNKIE_L?FAD1?
T5=W2CV=83T@8?O
BD1==J=/1&O]]9






9Q#U072&
LOTQO6 CS]9 ^9_]ZYLTYIN1=IKZ4:O





%NT5R;P%3XLFMT^FK0




M5RF





M\L.SJF]'9W-'F-%N&6TUG6]E&X\B?4XV@6RN \IV(-N&PS[=!66[.-NY
[8(
M:6T*3#J2(^$)7X2V9#)6+I?L=Z=PT/8:.]_M=S$F?CWXMK^Z?;KR=POU!GO2




U9;[VC3UK/]RIZ=3X%S4-K[G11RV:X:.&X-5-VQK#G_\5F-

&VC4;T/G1FGI-PY5IH*G/


M%FA7
-FC9]6TOS+[B076P 2P3

MX208+AEU@Q%@B8!1Y\]OC A] @U\



!HPXO8%
)L+[0&8
MM(

MJM%N&?J%=JO\2$_#+1E


(UV=%B0CZZ+$4
-

M##A*D(L#5\-'

1PDA%



MGOK8&+2!CL +W;@$VLC0HB)A$,&[:9[^

A4N0!#%HR6Y
MU!&2=;G]AV7 T/'@N-5OU_1NO_P']A VO^HGPQ$3.+,]5!?/$)JK[H8\?M
M6Z/?K'6-+9G:-X'DW4(0COIBII
^9(\@



M__L(.=4#
*J3RLF)%XCVUJ0%UR2WG@QT(GAD.@


8LM.7 KWCJ=R7#Z;'J_1]7U&?=*Q.! %
M*5_Z?CCEWYV

L'SC-&^H4_AT!2W^PE)MP[H
M=&V Y$FB2INZ0V:3]\[EKVMC=-S!BT.JNT0OOPH+9LOY]*KS2E
)-([4?_

;BF%'/#(KZ?\JO)77VIR5==-I;1]\F /VZ$)I]22O[
M(N;/+S






P




R&&^
M?\W\@6=1&-2E
_R$K=&_CT I\9'?X;=[*I!1*+EFNQDS@3O+D1/3[


M2QY.7+YTL.T5F]4M)T\MW


!\OEX_P!G&


8\839


Q



M1B


XRW07$B=VI]2TF^:X
M
AUS:
4R3-3DV\9
E[KX%G:(
A$X+GSM*;21



M;

MBO#0.U0N ]:(?F ;UW#'(?L[0O:.DP=)2H1D-PD/W
ACJOCQQ+)@

M&R[FOLMMPP&CQ7P-X2P

['JTZJ?T(?
M@&'

0 YF)M-M=@R
MEI D/WVZ3DKCI/


*-*![SD-


'4R(2Y:*?B



;IMGO!M)R!:;)RTR_*I$J1#+)KE(_ES;Y9-JH!A;
Y0C:KBY



MN'?'8HK=+PD/D JPCW^AWBS(#!X28BV-#GJQYY
\+EBCHN)_ 2')13&(@CMP

M 90

5(K?9KC7B2Y( 3[.-(KIW(-#


X*I5WC:S!91[PFOX#\JM3[2C!H!G%RH#^AF829/ 7VHTH%TF%I5+-  @
MV1 !N#RFPHTB-QX.X&*Y %H+]SDY4Y R[W0L4QX=KZI:]-

4'ER[$IE+1B['QV/Q%437
4/=2JHR

MC46P'0!U'TZG: ]!%WI
)%I
)9HDDUW*6WL0M+91#EHBC;0F1)FJ-W'SB.M0


@
EEJ6S7SV

M)DOW+(C:7A$


&R


M2 C(?A2RQLTY/*:

MBA/R\14MFO:KI/2X0ZX?L)F?I4'$FC ! UJ!


M/#=FM. 




M?^(;RLWK%L4/H51@!;!W









MGO)

+O[K0

MY0 *$O@L2.LS8NQB2 Z$3RUC7@;=SHJR.3!RQ*AG.SCI3TF;[1Q5KGAO9
M].&!#R A#U3G9&SHYJ&M(R&0#R((@J?_Y(M)8/1P*DDA0NH*-?*=,T_=!
MI\!PFOA'T
_AP/!(-72'('\CD3E:G1!P8IFTQM
].2YH9ID\A&%(\/A :!PJ

6_16K5FJUTS] 9G+P9\


MUT1X*


G$R).Z*10QX
M%#'J?.1-2YGOZ+(0ELUT)






MH!)*N&-V=)22\Z)_AF$*G1BA6=

:,PL9&L.,LE1V^



7$2P17N;+4$1Q)P[/1U'G2VQN,5?A
M^42MY&B=QY&Y 8\0O:S+-%=\5
%5PD4157

A75_:#3BN%^&=;TH*]X+M
&:&AE^'O*W(@S*YLS:


C
;Q5N$K]!7;P,%,++5Q=VM%F R
MF@L-2)PNX@TC+L;Q\9A(IL9*BB6:2B6*?B^R/P,VU9BP+1<&N2,\I;[!=#
M[]6:W9;V+*1


MTF\$QB


$P$RQ.CJW+*62F 4<%/+AHMF,B48K5B;FS)_$ZDQ)W /1<$G2O(($
M/'8INT1_WATJ6%+)
=$/
FG1M*2\8\HY%3ASO

M \K(HIP^2N?Q8B




MJ*$%H-$HG'!FL @/ 0$*

GGN7J2#'%?J:YYM.30I?Z8:W(=7_DM#KI9/9(
Q






MT^J^
MFU(#'00(0$1AJA6B=3&WNF$]0IP'4TEX&B5@S/F)]L\@F'8!1I@@DI

M0+@?4.5YQ8(S=8?
EM#$;5K2B?2\
C9UZ %2!3*Z&!98Q=D\1S%KR*]BU1
MVDSL;HJ


M9+X#


OPY





M]ON



TVA(8L1'N*B
MW



12A'^?J]61
M+2')#J(39:'-B4?_/;KO/3W
04*(21I^KJ
-.#@G

[\
M%%^K5A;343)

!8


16:C7X8/EJW_9.RW+%X;X5KX-1!?
($3

M525)WXZD
$CK!TJXT74]%ZT1IP[$G9JH. GF


R S$




6A?LHI8R
M5?5K7([<&*&TC4]S$4H
EN_BT1RQ:6CN1'#9;A _NU0/AD=NKY6:\Y:U*

W+2

-B'

\LR%7
M@DUCZ..-57=


^(B7


MQ$5'@25^P
RAVO\Y
EO)ZQ#O
9C45H;%\.9'5T@$@36-VCZ;P




2IB14(/


M;E+B3@O=_'4A]BNF;=+5;()&; /A%K&-LF+$LZ/R^6+J)39MO$/\*&$GZO8K
M3=G1-940A#!F/R'J\(IB4;Y
7%.AIDA!LIJ&: D2QQ;&O.]/[T._/C;-V8?[
M.POY@)W(DCM =C:)QO8SE_^]_]T\B?Y%N?A*YP%?N3KJ
.*]%;1$_PQP\V
M^O.;&[@9^6'7X=_ Y8*)46_J;_Z28
 16Y5FUVT86P]A0FWV9B]86(KN$WT6

(]*REO&A$T'2=PPD




K4S/:166C
^=941= 8=ZIQ^62;
N7#48&5-JP

0=9!^-NS3B&4BV_X6/IP-B]GE2[K A('K-
*8_/

M

'(!*8HB:&&,.96P$5739R8R=0M^Q!IE 



M']8H:^Q!&79BRF;.;&1A:S .9521#2CMI6[R$(IG2L&2=(1C0N[DE/ )YA



^PS+KX12N'0M8VGP%Q(VB #.B@^/ 1 5N-09P80RB8)X;0]!=




M35Q.%#&F=(TM7673CKOU SC(3S\O#-*AEDI3!M]&M]XPB$Z;+PJRH9I)CM
MT:AU]6[YR:M

Q.K
C]678O]9JW9K62M8H*\AXXD
J51_.M<B+Q:I5]+C-*$OU473B&&5JOR9*O6-^1+K2H0@N

C3S



9PWU&L\R[:*VS35#LH\I*M[87U1\H]9L=6L=



MOC)H\L[&3J#.\+.
FZQ


^6W^P896D$]I=:
M@0F8RA*\(TMP99:LK+Z'1F]E]2UF;PD]QZ):B
A-1]8+?J[


QK7GZ^



MSU




MZ\=OY09WW9BL9E9

S1-5W@*
M\:.%WHF\:[N2
M/=%M*W]ON;S;4'2[UM^B9ENOM7);IK8-_[[7F==
?;SK['(3Q\;KW-^UOT0@




\F+%(J/2<577[+&J








M!B@4XB34#1DF'8\]-@84I'HUPWN (YN9 -LO+51(\+_X758+Y?C1[D5;X
4-
M S\ :1+AC'='T03G]D@@AR


!+00B'$B@Y$'E
M29PM%=74:OP\5YA1JW5;]?T;MZ^@.77Y2G:&L13#R6_&<:LY ZR+M_VG+X







M/JMI/RW7_\G)
C!]0K?GNE
-V0_3X%YFGN9&.T$C:^;88XR3
P\Z92\SM%3.
MQ=)F)$\836YB_
HCI
2(412Z9\*YX

MP8&/RD$'

@5
 F)RW!YF'_()^^&S*8TV]] /'AX6!K0,[
MQ*(7SU8PP9AC'H-+@-B6^6C9D1$3X8*?.380MQ@@C-(HE8R3AF9_PE@ V_#



M0V:RQKKAG  O]4DTM4FN?8
X7:S1$4=.='
T[C]'/BG=VIIAWP_N.X\NWS6G





^[^UHTA/6:15^Q^\8YQ-Z/$+MU@B'V
M3RS1/F('NY(%OT2FJH!*9Y=SE\VPFQ.CK]W8FVF^).Z,$Y?WR_'B-%))
MP-P\:B!#/%ZG EM3XFF.@^D*F$/6#@6&.T+UG2E8Y
CY9UQKMA%E)50PQZ

MUA5D*


$L(OD.(
BU
MJ.K(B^
UB4=J4




-:)S9X0

MI4?C=K(


MNH?AY83/1_IP;.OVI*[PZ@.%3H7&ECXVQOK4J2L
^JG_M$@U]4]'UATR[O




)/
=+

M
2:_] D._@1_*R__HU[SAL/G4W;01:T'NY=R\GN
1P5\Z(2


.HRK/_##6S=%$-R<&)8!ICICLU!X8'J84@(RA$G]D&Y Q\S5_


;I

MIA)IKPX) T]^]0!#

I1<_/^\%T#I3W1I.M'*)E =T
M0UNP!T-G!X?&++KW9F3BH9 ZLX@@^GBJCW=S#;]]N!@I6EO;+GRPT<FQD'2
U1;O71]77\<R0U$.M^3.;'&;<V
.
M4]US$(D^



QQN [DQ]S
MI1JKS;FXTNF8#0!7#+TE#7_+9FV3
6'J#GI@$)1/.PPVN=D);'+LDL)1JTG?

M?# ?8R!8[MQ[AB]('8(%#@F
'R*QHFYV*-
MY=[WC$)[I)/D#HT*PD'.K%TWC^ UO'M$43E7
K%Y?#[
]0+YY*/[N//RX?W=

M@TDELH




M[RB:AO)8@;?Y37.(0M

P?7;@X












MS 4-;;[-XQE!,PE?JL IQHDJX ^[=$K[[Z0922C5# RO52[!$
E0)%$'.F


-()?*1SV


1Y* 7SE_+29

WC &#&=T%VVK%-S?G&FU]&71?.QIA=9I6*%5(MF2XYY2
M:$F_]&)

GY,M0YY.]N+GS3D14TK*+Z6QJ:

MRF^_Y/T96GGW6ZF.7I
ZVM7V^YVU^%9'G.QR@5:FV&=UXMNVKC#:FX;IO(3:



Z\T:
M#D^I^8V_\)#+_94UU0W':(Y0#9ZY7MESNQGYD&-LU9T.TU\#9Q

M^X_#+ 2ZF4-J@NH

M8#2PJVK?^]+M;&

M-O@YFUO'






ZF
M%NCNG\AI@1C9EO78PB^RQ0(W4A;5A;X?/L ZYS*





<+4+M1.\W^/O@*#T1D$/&V

MF



Z61_2%'


)
(8^'1FZ99B9@4&1TZR)!(*B.*




MYBY[MWN!8JY3QC:/Q
=M&FC[C#@[(?NLZH7P
GJOYWQNU2^/7G2)Z)Q6PF^R

Y#_\35GO_3
7[-X[

'3G#Y!E7ZAM'M;K

KDO






M[4:TQWYO1+?Z8V.[
QI

MOZWCBUO77?U



MN%&D/U//ZU!TTZ+FUTO0LG& U'WH8\-J]IV7M.)G/HMCT(%I%)7)2UFQ:7!
M+;6P;$-[9?SXD^S7H]29ANN(0.!%MRZ\A;?Q097D BOM98\=WXT3+7D(J8&8
W\4B?6C9Y<K$ZDS[!7D:RS1C % 
IL+41O!UG8Q$
=P 7
M4LN+:*!+! ^+G[$



M!H[DFFKKP.-L\8
UF ZI$!G_I/..6#2C#'_GTWEXZW7DK8!E/0QSK:]H/VAJ
M4
38!=5KYSZ70! 
HKI7%E/+69L_C ?.4*F)?J6
=


NT1Q'=QQ'X1!;

U:

^VI@G]@$[JC(LK(4=P_&#QE@4OG'%-2S(N







8-F_I::J\VYH#(YHL_\6T5[[1-
M^G+6_43



M?A
=T(NE[=LIC4J84WD_(:5_BZCS\3?!39GJ\5;.-56$$-PBX0)TB*^PLW@T
MKGU@M5?R^;PE^NOU^EOQB\_*4H9S3):H^D)LG()C!*74DMC&X8?UG:Y)#S
M(\$3B?ZJDQ])(7&#8+T$AM74);/7H=
JMSPR1=9:-S^H$P^^/;+UL3/$BT^L
.1Z8HY/O(;/%V!Q!C-I
M^=@EZ/9_(



M0P5(7
*W?:6'
U\W)Q!BD@@Y

MBDWAA-5IUY L4O\9Z].QHS2)WG0LY$VR0LL17YFS#3??FNI1^9=M=6YSE99S
M\%EYRSDDR !]:[8^FCB([9MO*$V!M\\'P9U[R
D=?^C@+T_^9\ B;J05=X

ASY5'Z0MT+FF IN:2UEB]H T28-50N:'[W[;ZD


CA




4[!03US9@Q$K(*I)KD'54[DL)X


+
*YG:R+8U1V8#_!R
M*4)*I;6\)N8\+AAQ73J=C$DBI3P^GV
+-3X/[\ \'0$CU\6EF9]SZ!CV2#='
M.\YZ_KJC#
2)ZA_@NKF2\\!GN]#.%B.#Z]-8R0EZU!& .J?ZU48;,;F4\E
MR:@(87YZEFP?!N=DB4M/G2*]W1LP8YXQKZ=)W%OW4Y;F :(:+3N@4LQ= JJ3
MF^=3XU]SJ@8Y!]^^?O_MS:7VRDVE==EMR-WU&Q.-IG@T


JELZU#)ND'DT


MZ



@8FYVW0+HO[D-:
8$7@YZJW8;AO*X8.IQ1G[[(NEBC&Z8<C:;ZQ*[;
M:N.HJL<+W5SZNB38=V.0?W48%H@SS<*FWB9


M@SGV&J)BT1-SKTD\R(?))!+2TQ;O=+41

M.@H\*HU :;KPON//9Q_;
7ULNF%/=*=VJ_*SBZVW+C9SI \G=1L1OSP'VP?F
MQ@R3#1O28GRRS0M]T0NR8*P8XOFRWBL&Q/[!.ES*A1V1KIMU)7#_50C6J#.
M/]B=-_./X-8Z%?:QI[I=NU]T'\AS)O#I7Z:8M9E$634J7*BWH-GWQ G]3
B


M//Y;&





2Y_4SMEL


M

M:9

M7?




UKIR/7

*Q;+<P#;(<G3MC#($TS$)ADF\FY]*\4TZ7[
M#EGXDT=Z<.QK=N34QSL=HTMO2Q,=:G3D,]89Y?9\W7U3T(?6'3+N^OCNXL
M8V W) 6ZU%O..UQKAT^M3U\;'N(:SMQ-C_E#W_%4A[Z
L@M-K\*ERL6Q%33

M
^_G-^%LC2&(=UX
]_ _F1N]@[_$E6

Y+IVRY







M.RP'H)LM./G][*YD]
 
A'ZV;6R!3@WD

EKZ

WF7ISOD'J4'Z_K)UG49#_DK;Y!&R)8^@(:LPF0VZ?_*!S
M


Z&K


M^@8^]-S( P@?&&7GL)4;B;PN6#*:P[N9]N E=_0[9TWXF@=+KGQX[)8%+')]
M'%4WF[%5DO7OQNR'WP


MVW(9=MOO=_.I6O@E(-FE[U

P& !
DF\ . Z \47;O^FM@7'H)
MO 

[FZTQ]TXD/D:T*G]))A7%9YBK=^_!+B4EBV?+PBV[]GD.I@O_

*F
M%/D]!N7I+3#5DDC^#





T*1-E!$6I.#M

M ]FT
6EP.'\H _R2M*)'S)1%1?+:SL[&ECD'-S6?!(Q*P3CY=
[DD%9A



0IQ5@7PAK]P(_9

78+*C\+B8






TR34HB'O@1
MN7IYL.#(*0HC.:!(,N/V0*E^D(&Y



3_7

M/$1FW4-45@#3]\
%)V6UQI- ZB

WC)WF ?2Q+KTKC++M2U4_

M;OO4XR6\_?Y
#BB+E;Y2OBNE!J??)V:$J,W!^2 U^[#V]2A%@O1H2L T4V

.4K

MP\(S3&EU#!'QS^Y++0T(!*W3OCUW7WG2;)(E14GD2\QH(X7[?@%6)DDH



U#^O78QID1Y'@$5N2&5
M110:4[=!78/+FEW
09_F%C'[/I
C&T7#WV&]7?*-O.D[&RS17IVT1VNJLA



=\
MF%4FG)^5N)6X$N521



M((
5!]](J/AX$7'$=X%-]P?:JD1Q-(A8)-L:Q-*!(3J;E= ]E7SN!GZKXJVE

MSG&P$=7?)

/
M=RQ 64%@4&$






MT0*'I='!&Y8\

R+X(.L$?O
M#
8T  3LSS(OYH\.(L_];HSZ/F-VJ1B(U(XE8\FF9 )MCH&N]B?S'R]0*[@

=H7U* 90:)


%^+K&+8

+QSE0

M ]L

UY=

MQL/0-V[V8N(JS$V2M3[(N*#:@19&X*0JZK=OKT4F$@E[F6 E6M2AQ_)/\AH

MM;3D466

_#]@
'J' OM#.T V8(2.[M_&$
M*5+NUP%U
J=
)^$Y18]

Q3+5








MP$S!O@)K$\=%U4JD6Q,8;\%69AW!.=(C (QTLG(Y']/X;N0ZIO1PJCJ%M'
M

PCQ9

QF&+]H


(.;TX*9#JI^+

'^ )


R*G2B/A

M;/




0$L@) *%2\







?I0;7)#$DK(F

M*)WO-

MPS#O5845F/A3EORB?;T#GA );&+PMA(JXZ=-,9#?.(-K9$W9*=WB9P
JA;





/#NG__]MYUO
MVDQ=^#J[8_.USSXO2!QBB288O]@M+'G\!$3]PXUPI^+/T1?TM




3]+FAKT'
\@+8F_6XAHT;*%%
MIJ@5


M=Q5RJZSQCZW([
]J#45!(]R:8E!:=N7 UL\#
S(C
7_'F0



MF([.3'%FBCQ3V/ID

FC-I7B1I

Q=&^;)^9@S+!#R_2/<74\G[W6Q1D?WGV7K
M0[


32;

M?EYDTU

MB

M3%K#[Q+GM?!^4)\7V!;TVYT;&

%H](56
M^W.(.9V:Y@E3Z3KEG3)X[4/2@5\ Q6-%9^;U#:'V2/3V7U--(]57TFYO^IC
MCHWQ
R*B
L:N?0ZTQB/;
MHZO2DB_:'7_FSF/*72]8A04F4N7*Z:RG @8YD3
M8W+XK? 4'OTAU_[WY]3*F40M4ZI


NC/'4M*QRI;0Q
M7-H46V*4)_^F






GR;!;]_@^#'MDF'O!L,J5J$KM?67NQD50?^%V0*]R^J;#L=,5Z5Y#94\



3
 :2OL^W3F\1XV

P+US[^SI@FC7D+0.U
M

M!(CN_

H/[K?*V)D

$M

]5&*[)T_9X]M0S& ]@9@'TQ PWD?

^OPB5*T%)M
M8ZRTC]FP7-XN5W[XR I*

MA(=6AC#\?




=F8U43
H/\&XX



MAD[%)G@7QL1P+

ML+O2?@X2

M(X._EWW8&0])

6TR+X9Y!M43F=:%I?@'AE2X\)

M[G7V
]-'M+^L7#G0QS:@3IER_J3' QX


OO3@=:(37:46


W(6T:Q^%(#:X_3QQA'\VIQ/$W
M'
\0?;L

F4N^&YP6

MNV\T(CX6;39\WSV16UB0\WE!&LBG-2X
ORAV]OM *=(IO_O3#&_CPC33C9O-

M_SLR8J:9(69:J48&^


MO0_FWKTW7[O^9VK.\


M4WS*


M%!;= M:W$:




M[]X^VP.)_.NUM0MV2=CK*)PQ-H\16O0=8K3W/6R/Y_IYWW_]))VB=N
;OJ3*
TVV)$++G1VJ-96(]$CNWXO]U,&SX? FVHP:W


7]TT&


V]

MF=C38VI3+3=?:H.U#^^\=


M


R)ELC(CN@8;Y1IW(1X6S;&#U16:M.
MM7+H6^3=WK+H:8V\&;+5;CE:&Y-M;2%5+87;
U6F6'3/YD#0=^L$P)(NDI(K
MMLV^/)O--FK#G/-#*?9















HG0J9

MSO=ZAU$&PL1^A)J-)$KO=PGWM![
\MU)98<;E13/H6W.H]DQR26D5(+6V46WO:PDZTY+5=N?(<=^3KI]*QD
M,\MUX?&\
JE1F;*E84[S0R4_*JU 6KE*)6I-&-JZ7LXV'L/-RL+L: 0W@E8
0









BMQ
M@UOLV*NY7%^ZT+@;!0P&W\



6024Q:@/
M^








-[40':K;W3?L2QA 1QHT#;:P!C4H[ =U

M6O



M ] LZ'5= 1?CH6&
;:-%R-_3A




M1

B__=J-/D=?$YP@

MP:H^]?+_;^_*F]LVDOU7067C*KF*8G2H+V[5;(L[3KK6I+WM2^?U(@.13Q


VB\&;$%A

5(MJF*NZE)R:X\4^TV
M&#8DU%MK1/MQ5=&I:B)/54))J@=]M.&H5 SNHL^_OY?$T2RUU-&LHG-=EP&$
M9OQP5_+
D



P'5_<DD


M%1#=L9!F8
G@27WO13+E-S'50(,_IT)VQ:MF!DA4#_TW2#%![XM(-ULU

$^]#

;1__YM^&P 

MN':FUC
C]^&Z$7B



M
46KO@\$#*S?,?F=DZ3#HXO8?FX#X3KQ0;]YDWZ:XXR;G/8NXXY= BR0O7

/FYLRUG'#1E:[(

N.G7+U@_H



IM/

M'@CZX+

MZJLGF?BZK!4D.^)*\76(:YZQW;P\36)#C9.*M8VA?;6WJR

MMR6I6R?SB^=F0'9CYWM 8JONH!CY[??C-0SAC^D2
34T]1Q
*.%9F'#QD4UL

?#AP_


MS8SAZOOI'Q#FAM
X
5&VLPFH*M=;87




:3Y[J
=FP0GBEV


MM'9(J0A8;%S3B:8G/ I5# 2RGUXJYG#2S-+OS''^Y7HO[@.S @\29)=Z67+
MW[]XV3S5FM96N_VWYT1N:/F+6]N!*QF=TNMK'8C(#F^


&1X--MI

MY
DO:#$P;KI

2W!A?
\OEU);P3


--+=R0XW^


M9W$/RIN\+5&YL]*]7BB=?E_O])2JY6RK
[B^QMZ/+/R!WM$'54O(-2G\AD9Z

M;:O #C %(]KBN6S0T[LV.#MGBL^9XM
*V
^9X@8BKUHAUL=5C_;N.'
DYPB^







 *G@0:DP7BVDB=5CK.80




M7:(-Q&63+ZQLL?8'CAHK:::Z(L=\+?2
4HDB((*7R6:70NQ@&$M*I6KOB48S

'
1$.[

M=J!U%P9X#(@7V#107Z:


?FTA12S1FYHP4($7S9#S%[XB)#=X@



M8%6.IL =E5F*P6.2UQ$][BN(P!U102.@XQ$ENR=
JC-@T!DPZ!B]^?D:R)%?

&'3(
5F? H@U[$6? HC-@T0F(^PQ85[Q=@8L.@
6';_ SX!%

ZSJC_#%ATAB-YC7IYC7 DQ[*6. 

M

MUJPCO3!I:G&P'8\W&7I2P!PG 0\910'(%[%=1B/L7O+9B-G/R ==G[?&SX17



G!_9
/SD!J$?H4T^(N10 4G]#$G]


M*A=$9\6T+=O%77PB^+



(786W'&'H(8:'

M0-9^&*VJ/E7155


MJ@\&&PBEYNL346H-H$-T.%#*$B&2#
DCF=V2[#E*D.%5YA1E70E=#N#!7I+:

\FW(C+

F918-


Q=5EIZ#GJR;F];Y-=(1





M@0?UMW1%:D1UJO+/2?0
%0ZU1M
UG:_VC1J^
-ZFVDR4^8(GF)?;XOXSTUX@
MX1HDP#




[O 9/S\[4Y6W
MA(XQ'BS/D))TEE0]I
!


M@ T/
T1$!%4IY'UAI4NZAT.W&NER'?S\Q6,&#X?C.WOA.T+Z^.A:)/KA(
M2\^6;\- E*@D8





T'O'2&$R8+KNY]


MKCO

M0E7]F.!X)=UR++ +:7M9.=4AL*E I36KX)Z]K0&X^WR84';G5KTH?X#9NPZU
MN\10?5B7*EM2+JN45;?X\NQLOHW1ZPV

2]^[S

8UL%?/===TAEI?R1WQ




MR6JT./


M-&-F.WNG0QK9'G*L?(5XG2 YX]F'S

(



T]0T,IN_!Q

7GPP=Y&6TBA5Y)=OSD

IJJ$:#S]
M@4TF;(3HAH0)-+&#$4AVP2P_D(8
]$-5HSE
%?A'3BX*1U81S O[1GB)('







M(XK&7JDK?1/%;&T$8$2MH%^4T-# CFVT;\*=)RB^%612HH9#2*+A3A ;;8*C


I7C^

MSGY&2+3H11R4-S(D=&D)=HD6BWOZK'D&

MM8^YW=6




MHZ*/?B57 CX)K.+)A[ESC'[)\]])?[F^OKFYO=WD9817Z_7?K*D\TJ8598HW
:<NKM


MG:IKG5ZO?X+R.14)ZUU-?Q4AQ3$

YNY1C=BG:X/A=2HD8X]A2


;D\]?C^S-72IXF6.P9!:F6].C+%7()I7/(V*\YYTC/P\

D@ONU\:6CY

%[KM))BE)@0'!*C4@7D/1


MK*K*P5DE/#LPP




^
M@H*PIE/K[9OC][8U&-2@^S=$7





-0EL:@!<C'!?-BTB=#4;RP.4HH0RDVP&/?9LX&7C7


M P^




B3]2(L(.
9D]U_H5

$=AP;@-Y/5% 8%

9CC.FR&F
M8:E$]ESC$W(/0E&6] #U@UF_)WG]*JA[KM4IH^ +^T\BT@=-;2N6&J%ZM25F




M*[[@5D9T+$G(4BGMN?IGP8*C7P

9JV++7=3%^J2I;\]VL[:(KK



MVZI0[*Q\S8PGM:'-QM8$6]*-C:R-

M#3

S=:Q\

MFK+

Q6B(&0Q=\K]P)?18%L\TUT9=2


F4E7!E


)0-['N8Z59BUS/82$7R

M86)E6+
2WJR0N;Z9U1A(OHK15F2B-QQ$2O#

M-K39@(4H7/EE//V$7GE!3]E!D0HHLXDTU\/D+O#YU[:








MG

2-Z-F^PHHGA.VLS)1GA

F)_DO





]LC1*(TC+<Z*I

MXZ_LW+.Q3
E5KM!2MA:?3:6K@2UEQ+E=)ME)-Y0X(D&)RJNM)L1'
%SZ:6=H

RSYGM(C%HX7O!

LWR5EK?
L




M
_SH(T3B-/GH)I(I3/Z%*:(95L?DO


M%A&1')^L

7




$D%JP=K1KUBFW_$X^:=A^((9_/PG4$L#!!0

#$X
3(S



M#SX 'S_L?89@

M7VFSG7WZU]Z7^[V=@YV/!Y_V_M?RH04LRGS^T)VWG?I71?Y+@M
?!^RO!Y@C







:GF*-V88MOAJ$3,/.TFM&8R2A5@WT^Z_HS$


MSUGCS


M80G-U


Y*7% R


BJMGX7@JO*,Y7ST:7LK'O\=9P

M(C@


M






M!R

-&54U^0X@7AFZ-2.;.PP_QPNYDN9+3CP
%O2=@/Z@/R&GM/#NWNW&3']2'@MD;I'
M
ZZK

M4:![;P;P5&_[



M3?SE!M(UOS1$


%^+3N/V!T/(&$9S%


Y1F;.HISGE


X0BZ-3 +VV@:3?:Z
MFC2DH$T[@MJ:NB6K/M=697UX6N4L-D_5VZ=MT3]V!6U(04PC8&BR&M=FT=



MT5E#_=
X$P9%^G?/(HQ&
RETJG) \%/%8AP-A

MJDX0Q[:Z-E

31H




:?9@[[ZH-W*Z\'W6I!;^'H)T0P7(!B


MW[#*&3Y*
N4BT8?[??$@K5=+X#@PU,<DFEA2FBQAT2E7.2KX)8G/_]!*W!0SW!-]1
M:0FO&-J\@;XQP[#F;1??'*LEO

M6H$N*%S=FY)S8P#LH_


@A@LN@732








MN*Z]QV%!$FE^G1
[UG5

F$'K]/

M5!(JA&:
EN 3RMAD@D:\KG9I4P7KE$OEGP


MR@E.R@+%RN;&*8A\FD)[]5GG0AKV9#Y)J9]MNC1MU 
*\JUI5K/4S]()#/7]



#$X
3(S

MB=C_P..-$S/S($NR+5]ZI\^&KKW:(ZL4DMQ]9E\J*!)5Q36+4/.BR_SZ!7BI



P^_16X?J
M=7='D] AJ[[.[\XNK?_S[LQZ=W#X^?#=^T/K\.#_61?_L
XNKM^^S)@P9W;







;ZK





G99)T!UZFKT.



\Y.8N
+FNI-(]Z_J/Z[:
Y'#.B 13Y5/)Y.O)%Y0=PMU],+ D-;Q!S=-'M;M
MS#+D/0Z5 ]'TVVW:3]\Y$LUC]7KT,K[MTE8%S4N

;(&XN&

M* \9#(+X#,*U :O9[F'# $$-.\4F+J_KD)%JGJ(P $SKN#T:
S/13(T!5



R
H@DG(.S35ML@-GFGC*;$.UFI8M)Z5RC0SK]@!B%1D) @'PP

TR?2B)
&.7[ M*4 O1:

HVE /V:08#9
)7&R-3I




M.L@:6I^R'V#1T;TY:/8[5GMH(AYH$*BC25RP;
OC[M'WXO9AI
V.Q@TY( ^(

MLIO?LUY1EJ=KK/M!Z\]]I3S3^8JZY#2T9_%9-EN3\/7JZE1:#TA-.'AM
\B&
M:6.NP3&EXP
R)][\A


M*]PN
!MTT2N\)EBZZI)0F*H.+;5\JL_ZS[/^





+N:Y-


%J$Z;(Z[/^FG6QBZ3O(NE((^F[9*U=LM8N
V!DMZS70<(:&XF51/X51'@%X9#C0
M01E'ZQK!?L)LW88WV@(QH+R=I5F@\=_M#X/JF 8?0!(7)V\7)_^V(F]I\+-
M:Q3S:=OWB



@SFW
M7O3]Y/6$!

M

BVB
ZK._P3$^3**9+$BK\AEI#4T$T

\ Y.^)W.)E$8E\8F]J_-

MR5%?[P




F0*R5##YR:


MY^LP)K=ZW4]E8U6I(:

MH.FT]
*?RM VY89
R^RAT)82%WDL0LG%J\/M5*QZX8]J6EIR0Z;5]I0JOE$K


[TFX




MK;@;H:C1WQCAU14+]Y,!QB*!6V.B\%%DJ_2H_IOMN
%Y0(-\($Y2?KT[=K
MZ7N3L




+SF[7.R&-('_-3V)_^R35;<!O:@IC
M[Y_I[RU.PW7U!OQ6T*VD. /K(-/2\T,R*ORXJKE'' ROUC1FW!=IA7H1XZ-Z
M/+SHL9P25W1J*G(LD;.R:#2AE@)'QLJ87.?0$MCNX#R+J#\PP:4+[ANR14;

M
E9O;HO258H&01J&+Q8 *IVH[4U'H;B 2R((T(BV1

S@]&+*GS;#J6D/17!4


MU+H:).3AR&YQPAQD[ S+08.'D]G

M;28$TJ#'J?WHQ;;/2Q2=4G[XCWMG3 PO3.5.?Y
$%#6HIQ^1^^;:0G0=_@ ^
MI U^*KE$Z7EJX%-2TN%%0I]]G#Z$I!9IWF150!
M!B)&NPXH !8/A*$FL]*:
M$S!Z'5*\.F\D 3B1(XH


M8XFORMVJMC


M*UY;@JZC8=T

M-9C3#!-HFL9*


2L\;C

^+PY

MS'C;L0&TYGD




:X#C:'7$8M^XI


MXV7 _B3W]@O1N]+MZ

SLH








'H5*HV+6A@DM=ZY3E%@?;T/

'




M8C/Q$\D2N11!N$ABMO[-9\14RL+DOK&WANO8('\D#RA\;K:DKD88
CZLG!$K
M?9U5L&*EO%@K9BP_Y6;8D

UB7F ](:$7X:WWLL%Q2ZL2./(=I^LSSDYBX

M0:WNU+JCOT16UM4N)K.+R8PX)M

9R])C'Z1!M



\^1%.C(J21$TR-#





MT4+O
'#(/8_M$










7X2VNEG0UFNPT.IU (8U.PZ)E$=WR^\

M


M*8FG7TP% /3+[6L* 2&( 

M9CZHHS&X+J[T-=%(T=TH:B@/



LRZ0:OB)-NSP1\*P
MP:=G.!0N75)EOU_0\(Z$3TR2MDO

M9D-



MX93?4C&+6

M33Q_X9()PTR\CR9=($:TG2@@3AWGA]V$)%]+36;
U)8T2.=RGJ@$P*A0(Z

LK2+QNF).%S0L'4DZI1&82J=+CAB;
MYF) V& X






QM
MK7(X1D9BG4
K!+32KC
UD]!9V+R:U0U3D!=%-'R]IC&)[A
MWP-BK%M) H*$(+
S




M+T0E5_-Z:1DB,'49Q_$RVSF:.IAW&;G=F1)H=5V^!$1\0M4(J2_GU_0Q3V
MHN_%
\&C2J?D)2:!NQ[1*I+SH3/RV%

M:YYDE T%QTR8)_;PC







M9G(LY1*-8T#E^U#\^#HON-44T3IM#Q_N
% HH#NDX0S[PGSR5!L:_?%D]A
M-U/1##

DL0

M-^?
]7%WZ$Q4PUZ8B6'=V6\M#018QR%B'=XD19UUR7\ A-9B=!T^WNY3DEUA

V?.U9S[1LK3L#)]:TB




M4+XF\R (1V:S1WAYCVM[J9B(JZUPS\


M2Z97)I;;-



P'G72_EH%R6
H29+=9M0:R2CY:'$5B0#VO0D!\#L*+[48






M/B4VHRPOR5[_4J[
HOJ(&G=D9A:3@T.W$PGIS&8*8\RS8(]V


ME

=04^\^0F-8[H\6^W37EV=2D=O&<G@LRADM[0!OZI=[HXB<*XY+2R?VW:

=H:M


B9S;?
KU6-[NFQ\V?B



#$X
3(S
M

MR5:?1C;6!@*19&PC@12 Y$.?_N*!-^*)1$9XEK2V


_SO

[R^/@R6^7_BKY$:_P#^H0S7$15
M7OPK^E.4;ME?\@N2X@*=YNM-BBM
?Q ?_@']]ML/OX_0\;&%W#_A+
F+'V\O

M/[S_\/U[]/[=?Z*+/Z.SBR_?OJZH


:!=EY0^O)?GW;WJF

MA/+UH4B;;WS_7:-.*YG^2C3T/4U*\D/)U;O*XZCB2#-^!BDIV'\=-V3'[$_'

_9Q_Z'_6?KZ('G'Z#&6%I-*N/PYDU4S?^5;V!A<D

+GM?2

O\ GAEIV*SV/!W)3


Z



)J
MPR P^%XK\NT&7<T_WVAA<'\OOU


MWS4-@/'\.7K5]_GP=V]]+E.K[?/^CS#Z7*+1I
\%#;#%X$V1;W!1O=U07:N3

8J5ICC#1$P%!QFF=T2[^-V;'P948GYD?:.GJ
MZ%D\G^P;E1\=[2OIP:#)0DG)X7[+@DB&-C43
*Q=T(UFA:_(
TXNLXH:0!Y2

2SCF(E G

&=.R8*#QZS;9(:L*1$G!0::
M






B+.B3K6(T29]SYGD


MZ3$N__#/J




M;TN*0HK=._):89RQT

M+O2NM(HJ'H8IE&7YMO*

?)U=/ZG#&13U\C5[#O8X84P2&C56N
DX9HWXZD%TE'-Y56\8H]NA#Q
MBA

MVJP%0[ZA%@
%54AH*.AP()JII,?!;GQ@@SW:^H$\8! ,31:48:*G@86L



M#
$1Y*+E)
R2L8G)ZWCC??*ZS!*\814^LJH-Y5.#2$?M#3YFE5O@J$EA0
:H
MWQ@L/0;4A5[FM2^T/[+LXI:3D4_7F85IFVF3UN9_$YK=DHWY_7=/3!


M-[DKX=3H_EO4


+!BH^(8


3MBJR)!B5:




GDP:CO'$Z(];AKWOOU@A

* U1^4Q[GY_
M4)FO^);@+*J
R6@Z&N_):
;J39+1- 3!0:332IZ



:(_LOK)7A4%'1EI2UT
*7Q=]6M4*^[W1X1P(0JO)';8@




;)X\SN6RK?^QT ?'#@.

HM2H%J*3V7/56I_*HPJV
-#BX[/23
M5*X5U




MZWZ/U-JO?\X3

MOLPV6]

M%

+W#_E*5WYIJ1Z
M^O0&Z1 HYP2+0JVZ2B1V]

19*F?CB&H84<OIZ=E&:?-NHPSX<&.J



M=MN'E


ME^M*:M]9CC4JCW


M/C#









08%)L\S18Z&AYHN& N#BE:U8IL $O_XG?E-:-Z'SBPR%FD-H







M;-!!9^2[@8

MN.%&?VGX@;PD/RE+7)4&&(Z)? ).KF ?6D
*



MUS_VQ@S7168^
AT4':ZCFI8:T\'(@&L(4!E XTX(!AZ/SF9QC=?5T]X4(
M6&'.@

M5R1Z8!FX63*Z+.D5]BC9*JIZ
]PLV+/[1(RK47U
V?*\3&.H\AV6
7]2Y[


M:BC!$J/O.R



3Y!D+
M5\P8


[GVDG
G 3&'LH2ZHUC\G-$K8I(-DCSF(U





M7]$[[N+:G]BBG0IB?\N[U XHJM 9CGFY&?3]^R/$8




M)W&\76_3J
+)&5Z16'E^9L/H$V'VAO3!9N8@SMK526WE TA2@0E#.Q-5[W6
MR^/0^PV[?0:L0Q&E?O*SD?.HK$J28'1&RHJD5.+C$;K,XF\!!W9])AE=[!
M=A6F;:CR75,RGVA2*=G'TI@&C!=2*:I7LZ./J@XAAM$:FH@IVS3D4!Q+=Y7


+GFO4ZNQ
MS1SN2-)DD/J44L4)9B'AI.Z\L\SVW @B5D42W)/V]
JJF:9
X;I,D-R3$'

M



_N404 S554*FXX,*' FDJ]#VN$
M!CYY!@0V7_(L'YI1CP+#GM2SV]B4DLSAFE*#4Q@EF:VFLHKG1!QW?CKVF']
M!EEH^:)EWX'




V

MPY[@U%^  ?HFTV3SNI;;?9(E9R3=5LK'@T8NKT'H=B8
 M+U+&6EW9ZCO')
MJ40E%$''Z^YPQ-)-T@+




%4


MC.




'@&^U6=9N^I 0KM38$\0#1L7UC9X1$#=A


M:O@




 EFY9W@VXZU4]Y,A#BN]P
M3G94Z@9AS 6

TK'TGW(P(NFAN1(

M67AT6 L%

-]$=-9!&C=;5)2S;PBG$H!
Q;4

5AO&4



MUP-
R5-V$:RP6

$[?0DG5'H/1'XUN\_=T/TH7BS'5
GK$
M;#O4%MWZ

G.;Z9?G 6JD4*NB




[=^HSV&E#C2!\EJ#_3C$_Y\F2






B=/+;K

2_4#SD

M1^@56SI&NW6P2T-
6(
#4&&
$8




XQQ! *!L8:@%I#52

M_B!6K6J]C:M6TD[L![)J;8-R=UVU:@4!@+*%H1:0UD@!LV:8K;IIU=I*6'+5
M:LJ!WN0?J*



MN(M2VFPB3YI+2X\8@P-;:H@1V0
NV-6J;HSMN$A\TY6Z=FBG11\H7I-4
%

M=HLW;9;7C)T5M!%T1!:#I\PLU]CS(-.91]D;VJ$ZC5]*R62;=[8=

M*_2O;]T75LU''VRJ)@\%-IG2*J3U:2'#3**G&F/L6HED
=E$*0


M
QMWL7'O^/T %8WNJJBH]C;VY]DOC7L[1@_XD609F_[IZO4-1T6@K/=_5X@$
;R;AY7]1]82Y4^-AC4W-5AAX:6I*M(]LJ0]5^%


M 1R+1@@KQ'XLJ\3.SM(^DD?T
:^J?-W E5+L$ZZ]42@N4R^SYB!0&]+CRNP-
MJ

L#$+%-5
M

MOJT^Y;S\)@5E89PN7 3XO9YS-6QX0V?+#0;ZSBJ/\7U%_KHER0+'T0LADSQF
<$Y.J65]H[/300(A%HZ1A=^
M^+BU]Y@W_3SW+3\,P'[*\^2%IFU[#*KJ-8LF8^H'VF]('24X1.RL\SK8]9)
M !C0SM%ZC-I&!D=M)P4)

M# B?M0FERZH\C3:DBE+R-YS4Q7N'A7ZM'?7.4GV?*$FZ*-^1Y%@AL$R=BC+
M1W*Q1Z@G^ C5HH_X6.'2#V BD+:R?&;F+R&#%@9
(@%T'* 0;5FI/;^Q[L
M8 LB3FU]+YR8K].5:?PT%?**




M@!KZD*C2NC4E


8!#HJK$T
MT8G@_U6)A 08^*QKG=]$1?5V7T19R6IBF)_$F=G\UL2S
V)8&T_/ P9[EHJ.

=_W=)=\_FS



MA+JR.'_
R!*SJBK!?:-7D3\6T;KD;^%BZD;)
R[U
)S![R_-_0RSNDSW#LS!




/5Z19YP(K2^S.-TF
MHLRI!4L)_5]?

**M]:FU/ =B&L



@)AU4ER'XTX0


MF*._#O]MK6L&_\
X[KW8TDD
?R8966_7MRR97TKG
'XU=)$7UQO


;


M-H1\E


@VF^5\ /;!V-DLW2353WG$DYCS4$X9^9/'E)$
?
MTRC^Y;B

MP1]%'V3XD;VTNM(&;LO4D]4832E!H$:^Q55$
IPTI5%/XGB[WO)79&=X16*B

M




-BKBX*RU7 RC7!ZMH/+VTNGLF:!@:O/4?$+
M9GK5I0H4AD_)?*)(I60?/&,:,)A1**8LGK+I%T\A;?$4M(D(D..N7ND+/6ID
MA#YQHU:TCYPI%1CL*%735-!6%#P(K=E6RVM


2FI3\;

6K$[BN-CB1-$F.TGT6L)X=]
']8[G

M7D[J]1);H^S@OEI!P: &N44.5(K.#E23U(N'?R




MX)@-
@X5NEJAL1 LL)!(=\D/).-;W5-J'DFPN


8JZR)6+2D


M32?243 &.D9Q\]HY)76P=TIB.*]69S90$Z


UMV:=\_G1VH%ONK#8$OC





M!9T2!S#8=VS@?1]/J34(OL(.:K8\4#'JZF?V9GGV9R;TZWX+^+U70-#.6.HE

MCGN&]7

MZ.4S7;P7)$I5(0






ME@DU\X%!IX.RTRQ4+2L_:.0Q.P5^*A(ZRH#R3:N*#RS?;U&FD_./CAX4@C
VWT&6K DL]


A'F3[MU9#$)ZQDRO71T_\=#$@D2LDW

MR\HW2?GS0@:,]2S@80)&N1L%9;+Z'

3PBUZBHHCTR8GW

MN'N^:@5?HXQP_L/2/+4O


)'QLX&=BWG
/$\



M9FPDB8HAU05F10[3NRJJMJP@S8!8

M#\+-%U 5O0)Z+V)C.3

MP




MD:GS(\[PBE3SMDT+?\-OF=L]-

M]E*Q.$J XNYVTEY2O:KEX(FGX)6R;4QMU]X]@PUC4\X2PN?IE)=Y/AE]B'S$
M][9N4*.PA3-
.R98H'
_L@%W)C/ST 7




M7A_UZ-0=/-^1$8)!E4Z[:4VUK%JJ\NW2@;#
C/)B6VT+_)ED[ %R
Q1N\3HB





MA9'^-Q1 =2[S_*];4KW=8E8U!O




MQD3SB[*&\])?.)S1(FV:Y8;.0/Q7
HYD-NUQ4!UU/R]2:M4\R-1-\5-4%-$T

#N+7*6OP:$/M2BX( 3!=/[RP-)F2M/;BCJ 
$L[-G
*8ZNA]U320<V)&76G^'V9GEQBEK_J/Z

SOLK9G

MT#Q3K9VR7$QPN.^NN_HZ8G #P0(H$E+0&3HO2IX; J\W:?Z&]6[9?Z^S=]MX


MX[=.4$H)4-S+TTL-/0752#PQG;^S![//AKTM&IAMU.(M#*:I?C#;F PUI/

N\Q3(
MEKA^%%)?=5X7MVS5WQJ-8[K08[G^3J

H?AK2*IIP ;D^8;Y8
_2Q
MO[-0



(;F




;TWW% FD^=Y!##G;9ELR

?
MCI863MZY/SX6^#&J




 ?AW6[7/7YW]KNO9YJT39\B5ICFILV#]H6E
M0;M_*O+MXY

MS+T.D#O6%&T
C?UQ*&K\#XLZ^!





!HJ86N 


XV?+.?K=TU?QX7K[
8:WEUY[ZOQY[^.L2]O5#]#?_CMX#-W((/M1KO%

'^#-\&'M'[^FV^'9QEO.

)[JZRR\MJ]N
M1%W!LMQ00A
\^NR#O5(SJ52J+R/-4^PIV?3
[Q

FSU&SX X'9'
LXVW^
MWN+Q6 X

\K0

0#OP :V'
T5Y=



M+=_+QMLL0? &XVYFJ#H8-U=.^QRQC9]OU)L4?.^#4T/L;30;%6['MI(2QD@W








MSR-=A

M$Y'&G#WDR(OR
QYGZM93_ISDL;=^H=_BC1?U+X#[:S:3FM
)LZ%'+0/ZBV#Y
M[R ]T@3239_0_%B_M:E#^*9=9
T*K

C](-N9H557)6];2T&Y

M1_+X




B__[4U[\PJKQB9N928_HR6%U

M2W%.GV]X3#]E8UEAGOF/02:WRRS!=&YEU^)GI

:*%V


M12_

5=1W 3NM!](%
MUYG%(&B)P'; 6$-M^P-I^COR:F[ZE@ALTX\UU#;][Z$T_OU3@2V0WR
#VP%3
M';5=P
G!=



0258@&D(@37O3HM)3W'
MR-'_&ZTW_\K^!S5L0=<[-Q04C=OJG1[_F!')_*JF!=8U1D7U/G=PLX*X(09
M+P5YI@.Z5]4#189%;3N4*LHR;S,:%%#''APYSZ\V
AZE



#U@D9)23]0:E23(T8?MBNV#RF)3=Y(
M0@2L$]0:3JMM

MF^YIH
A&4 DI@^D^R$Q_1SUM6='_9H]0
JP


M1_L?S;6R/SK7RFXK0UVJ4NMX_#8PQ'@W?())OZ8%T ?;JRC3@GT\8R(-=T





XX@/^:<\37!1BOWA&5Z16)G\
MQH8)6+_9:RRO M7G_16J$S?_NN;_3=@N+*($W^(8DV?VA%(YT*1DP+I)I^.D

=K<:


H\7C'DU

PJ


M/LS,H(*^[9OET$8[?(H&HC_RB ELVV/^#H:!2N'QINZH1HWK(.3F1LL6JQ5
MUX+!T/W-Q 2_EZT]B*.H ^Y_9\]@09H+J#O-WOO:YHG&?)[&D=^L#!P4-YA





F01=T
M.6-.CP$\'X9M @PHZ2ZD450JK*MI87665'KN+ 7?


&+CM%-ANZ=V!9-[;IBJ0I
MLY&%PQM/^U98?63L][3I,! %\SKSH1=:@_D)- W35(?:^EC@5T80;6N^Z:

I0S

&VMZ
.;#*N;9F@^=7&M.;5NM*=69X=




M



E)N\.[MNA/%J
MD!5JQ07JUO8E]GG]\%76@Q

MEVBG;GE!7(^.0
W?+
QJ%




3


MX/

F_XAQYE4Q%ZO.&K(]7/7^
G:CV^

0B4DV;?W
M7R\TFB&F&A*Z'2+V6XM$?&V4?BKR[89RT/^.10@
3KH F
61[_A] &N6H&;O


CZ/WN(X

M6_-9U/LN6X U7T;]3]?A%

M@J6[Z#U]ZO!1:FWAHO \0LUWC]1(I5\_+&#*1[S(T-+_P1QJY%6!PP?QCG;[

OL


V_5QF957P]- _

VJX0Z7[
ZPA@:[RK-9A(-9&
MS:NU^^A5#%+ZC]%+MOYC7SJ_?\097A'YV?9\:8 Z;P$CID.LKJA*1;7.D/V[



M(WA5\QW::5/SRQ.?T)XBW]W@[^G1)(EFV3XE0V74S$MW\IN\W%V2'T!)7OD&

#$X
3(S
5]P


M4! D
16
8








('K5
M-.IE\+VC1.O$9\)**&@U5M$


T

_D@?O
M!3(W.TV''@T[Y*YHFF^:3'?/HGSY9$=KP






Z-EFDX''K 7O=R'V1\L#'IQ*('QWP/U9):'&T-_(OYG/C\L^P/




3/Z)8)\+D_N'WU5C/7E


MP=!94W'+]DCKRG$2^Y




..9BVJIMYHQ?\]1O$+N7:PPD;SHP/
MZ3+P%F+YMYH Y?X#)KD+N70B[[


4B
??\.$AX=JEE5I

M.6

@%+_@@T+(L4



MPQ(F$
LD;!X93]B 'P-R0]*26\7





 Y1:MH N'*S3$@J'








9:GYW.XE7C






-V )P
EO1
'^AC[]+


M*6FD0 ]([[H^D#&(1G(QWRM_*?;*DRX(P+A;FFP2[HO/62*KI3;@S%ZGN!




MH8LE&]7)$S






C=1U^;KSYF$@$QZ01^\%U
M4T=-Y3KPO
\$@L@!!V('5D30ON78.;CCK!:X9M9JQ&Q4+T[=7P\8% CH7Q7
MOD6JA1Z0^#]F%+EF%Z4HSK.8ZW

M
%:B-71[;'^=L?2S&L7=.$]VW'T?5

X+


YS# =T





M2-E3W1&PEG23*=5P@C@.+EWAVDX1D'



MMXYDFR


BPZ$PFG0R5Y




M\



/!\FDN&_1R0'


NW%=

::!)


5WEY?UK);WDXJ)G)=DW@&2

MW)8?



M;

MK.-C67O P\EC60/XX/)[P$O/S].G)0]H55X@0=L1H2 :_A#/:0T-@O2=+2$?



M7U2
XG4[-L@+!0HBI\%2G7$!YI.:RO$L N#39S2^%@G#Q5T35AO;7&_/NA

M*!Q_)+!Z


M


ME ]%/U/E% XG97M0@/FG('$\U728M&:5EG=4$RB/+5]& 9-@TJIDWI@]G;B3
M&N%?DDE)ZE#C\@$ IDNKG=
TM[;HN9/':-
RZ
+U)!+BT\F&
Y0(JJE4/A!R

4_ZB::G=%I_6SPXH\EGU(GC
MZ0?%L5.1VUA.J*8D#]

MH#XH8*J!A
1U#I\&$T&R@))W9'

MW+/6Z%Z+_X9$









M\(1NT 7XE(X&2&/YX(!UDZ


-[@.*/QW]C
M*IWQZX

M-H]2B5F#;P(V/@;5%02^*)MB0*545?[@7D@HX#B\?UI.-^_-O!6;1B(U^2
M




NL]*$PUJK3
%US5TXXY;.**=T<1JE:;0ZWU@U.IFK29S%


P*^OD/XN
M 45X9N#@1?-QST!%J7S51!348%05S

NYG/BIYO8



M000

M'+_=YDA
-D9LQ)P

]U
*Z&9LT^KNQ+'2:(T-%I7'MMY3$#.T8*3X
-E^\

MC&SJ_GV/+U1Y5SGBU8OR5'_R[

P3Z4%.QC(C#*1.#0OM$TF4TXSEQ27ZU.GT.F?6VI.M;$O-Z2=Y


5VP)C'+YZ3



%G?Z_]

M^(?7VC+K2%3(B[LEX)/WHA5MLPGX0M6!;$7


GVL

M 


M;^/H



Y9*6(Q:V?^_'D^
BN+'==2M8PF^J#?'9VCRBX XZ]'


?XX5(WP.8$M


5ZO-RMG/;_W$]WS[/0^I




UN&E%;E

MZP.X@6ZV
--+ L=A_)J9F609!;.KU3J.GO*%10N9DLCU4;T_9@!9X #M-[*D






MZR?OOZ/X+/ 2S6.=1IV






];SH7



PQ)6X_
MY/*XO6IA2T&6)FEA5.9B//.2I61IU)
YOH!2R[J^


A4=X[$T:D^&A2.3O6C

FXT-SJW_ MMTA]:LW
MN:GB!N^8\7HQGQ.?AW7?DMCG$EXH#J6&W8RE@DXOZ6 $]I.79C%-7\_9T
])

VYC&OITS7XP TQ&/9I+$1-A6++V6JJ3Q?[22P@;A^R)3B)DL+U

T7\#BP(/@=GSE



MSV\]!L2]Z

$/@]2]
MCZ
W3 +1[_[4F[M3V#WQ
UX^F?T_32\]GP;\O@!2..G'[]N'KK*O2='9I.H-

ZP]9:BH




HITPW6(I
MSLO@^GGLP

MVA





O. %&W;'#L5.&?

4UF-'?4ZQ#2

M_6SM
=5^VE;W04JYQ[&Z;:HB;)9P?O5P1_PHY
[K0M+I)6'#]P*^?&1L(*^-

O

G]XF5-XUQ4
MO1!HDX_C]M14'#B6JXL_
QX!1=@Y='85/I$DY8Q.GT

-4AK+H O7N1_P

LM]\A_]UDG]ITOP4BF3[@[I9



:-Q&HT,]I
M,95K]VW_F:V2@CG6S:=0'W:=YI:6;Y.#^Y G<_LACOT7=M#1^ZTH*;P-T19


/.U!%X@N;H@\C5P\?DF[_W I(/\-'S

\LXWKS_R2C=X+


\FY:Y^_\R_DIO?RV



M'?TEF11=(8M7*P8%V(%;[3 $-HTRXDPL\&-(&99PI[V'E/5'H5 EGM45A?F!
M3EFG5$
V1FS$G.!X/[(U-EUU4DES9*BH-$Y8?ZC#$(IZV5_RYQ/EKT)61FRS




J(F@TG[6P


M$L6O-U&J


MA6YO@M BP4JG?X(Z(#K.[&Q;M]EC0'UFMI.8A@OE6B=NZCH%#:Y0];5-Q3:.
FV=5X71'#<5)*Z+UYJCI.<)$UKYT8T4CHP::\GI:_TOZAW(
MI \DRQQD2S)AJQ8&AP1




J
I*5\(UBTSBO;0X'AK


M^DRY2JA)G.4O=P3671T@S%I:BC]%Z9+$U]&
G
Q0Q:U60LL22]HX$F%C:/






:\

K43@Y%E;N_?KNE@I[ 'D

8HP@6# 23#





<OFVWE8 _0-50#W(? #29''&I14VAH8)24 @HB G^EAFL<V A5K7&*


SZR]K2?
R_447IG9)Y%)-S
LN8P18N

MH#C$#0 U^-W%ZC\J/WS,-KD4,3=.XR,Y($P_*4*2V^H[&44UY+SJ)$&H4(
M)P=GUKB=Q*;R0&(Q*:

BMR

M5=I!5CB6!U'&66
KDT

513
 ]*:X?+6L-M5'G#_KM5^M:<IVY$I3^M.F69JD7CAC



4'5S[V!UC]S(-;CD


(39(H?KV)4I(\+.
H6RS5M]AY!*9)

M!=G8VOEBD3Q$J1?4_\XC()D._B=)[X@?+4+ZSS)
1G[P+K^_I\^#*T0[UYF]


M_U']5?C'1F_D)27A;#L9&^SR]3*A[*^;]]^_\Z-5$3_8?5KIS7VV6GGQ:QD$
M5

SFGB!U&2Q83]H];Y7Y))T3W_


XCFA/&@VL5B!5_4QUZ_#[661
M4HCYJ(
N+;7?/[A_N



Q


EZKO9+%







MI=WTB4@NLSB5CLAU_)!.A^I1WS !X#AC?V(@







M@+-;)?!C'#TQ

Q:NAO;?HZ9F2?S



$YCF5


HB3_9 D)$UNB.B*/%=%#9'K*FFP(J PUG'
K/.
/$0U


M[XO-_#S+_7%%8DN^R=^0Y_Q/RA!*&+WKZDCP;=!((..?IQ)^\S#\_OBWR5V'




MJW!&G^@L\P+-\B=NCF/RP)8_

M
GH[([18VM@/[16-


85H;FB&N;A@NI2O6Y&B62PV]3:&*!#G2([2_13]X+767RNEBL
M3:N)
Y.B+;..1(6\X#B0EM6XDX?HQ/\SHS$YS1(:DB21WV%7

M@ 


!ZI16+
VW8?\#I6U:2-E0I_GG(PPT3G!E^GL
M( 8:6XBM
@1ZB*50'BE:_H7_%W]0B/WF_P-02P$% ,4      7@GQ.ZM[
MV!$( 0#6^0H $0              @ $     96%S=TR
#$X
3(S
2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      7@GQ.BQ;N%'P4  !)Y@  $0              @ %  $
M96%S=TR
#$X
3(S

#$X
3(S


M                9AI 0!E87-T+3(P,3@Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q02P$% 
4

E
#$X
3(S

end



