

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-007474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38182
		FILM NUMBER:		21793885
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-888-4264
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 SE WATER AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 390
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110








     






U.
S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________

Commission
File Number 000-54959



EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                            or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
                                            Employer
Identification
        No.)


8911
NE Marx Drive
 Suite A2
Portland
Oregon 97220
(Address
of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Common
    Stock
 $0.0001 par value
    
    
    
The
    Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

(Title
    of Each Class)
    
(Trading
    Symbol)
    
(Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered)


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate
 [&nbsp;&nbsp;]


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 if the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Smaller
    reporting company 

Emerging
    growth company 
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30
 2020
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was $13
994
759 based on the last reported sales price of the registrant&rsquo;s common
stock as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market on that date.

As
of March 31
 2021
 11
629
307 shares of our common stock were outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 





    
    


EASTSIDE
DISTILLING
 INC.

FORM
10-K

December
31
 2020

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

PART
    II
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

PART
    III
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

PART
    IV
    
    

Item
    15.
    
    

    
Form
    10-K Summary
    

    
    
    



    
    


PART
I

Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.
 is referred to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;EAST
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or
&ldquo;we.&rdquo;

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The
statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that could significantly impact results. Forward-looking
statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking
statements by the fact they do not relate to historical or current facts and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo; and similar words or expressions. Examples include
 among others
 statements about any of the
following:



    
    
Impact
    of the COVID-19 pandemic
 and the resulting negative economic impact and related governmental actions

    
    
Our
    ability to secure additional financing and achieve positive working capital;

    
    
General
    industry
 market and economic conditions (including consumer spending patterns and preferences) and our expectations regarding growth
    in the markets in which we operate;

    
    
Our
    ability to introduce competitive new products on a timely basis and continue to make investments in product development and our expectations
    regarding the effect of new products on our operating results;

    
    
Our
    realizing the results of our competitive strengths and ability to compete with other producers and distributors of alcoholic beverage
    products;

    
    
Our
    continuing to focus on and ability to realize our strategic objectives;

    
    
Our
    intention to implement actions to improve profitability
 manage expenses
 increase sales and utilize inventory and accounts receivable
    balances to help satisfy our working capital needs;

    
    
Our
    continuing to follow our approach to product development;

    
    
Our
    expectation regarding product pricing and our ability to market to premium and super-premium segments of the market;

    
    
Our
    ability to retain
 market and grow our existing brands
 the effect that may have on other brands
 and our ability to profitably sell
    our brands;

    
    
Our
    ability to financially support the brands in the market;

    
    
Our
    ability to protect our intellectual property
 including trademarks and tradenames related to our brands;

    
    
The
    effects of competition and consolidation in the markets in which we operate;

    
    
The
    ability of our production capabilities to support our business and operations and production strategy
 including our ability to continue
    to expand our production capacity to meet demand or outsource production to lower cost of goods sold;

    
    
Our
    expectations regarding our supply chain
 including our ongoing relationships with certain key suppliers and/or any potential supply
    chain disruption;

    
    
Our
    ability to cultivate our distribution network and maintain relationships with our major distributors;

    
    
Our
    ability to utilize our existing distribution pipelines and channels to grow other brands in our portfolio;

    
    
Changes
    in applicable laws
 policies and the application of regulations and taxes in jurisdictions in which we operate and the impact of
    newly enacted laws;

    
    
Tax
    rate changes (including excise tax
 VAT
 tariffs
 duties
 corporate
 individual income
 or capital gains)
 changes in related reserves
    or changes in tax rules or accounting standards; 

    
    
Our
    ability to expand our business and brand offerings by acquisitions
 including our ability to identify
 complete
 and finance acquisitions
    and our ability to integrate and realize the benefits of our acquisitions;

    
    
Our
    ability to position our brands as attractive acquisition candidates;



    
    




    
    
Our
    ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our canned beverage
 mobile canning and bottling operations and expected growth in
    the canned beverages industry;

    
    
Negative
    publicity related to our company
 brands
 marketing
 personnel
 operations
 business performance
 or prospects

    
    
Our
    ability to attract and retain key board
 executive or employee talent;

    
    
Our
    liquidity and capital needs and ability to meet our liquidity needs and going concern requirements; and

    
    
Our
    operations
 financial performance and results of operations.


Forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions and known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
 any
or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance. Should
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize
 or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially differ
from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.

We
undertake no obligation to provide updates to forward-looking statements to the public
 whether as a result of new information
 future
events or otherwise. You should
 however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.

You
should review the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report for a cautionary discussion of certain risks
uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business and may effect forward looking statements.

Use
of Non-GAAP Financial Information
 including the information presented in Part II
under &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; include measures
that are not measures of financial performance under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). These non-GAAP
measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for any measure derived in accordance with GAAP
 and also may be inconsistent
with similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

Item
1. BUSINESS




Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
below) was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 2004 under the name of Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. In December 2014
 we changed our corporate
name to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect our acquisition of Eastside Distilling
 LLC. We manufacture
 acquire
 blend
 bottle
 import
market and sell a wide variety of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands. We employ 78 people in the United States.

Our
brands span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including whiskey
 vodka
 gin
 rum
 tequila and Ready-to-Drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;).
We sell our products on a wholesale basis to distributors in open states
 and brokers in control states
 and until March 2020
 we operated
four retail tasting rooms in Portland
 Oregon to market our brands directly to consumers. We operate a mobile craft canning and bottling
business (&ldquo;Craft C+B&rdquo;) that primarily services the craft beer and craft cider business. Craft C+B operates 11 mobile lines
in Seattle
 Washington; Portland
 Oregon; and Denver
 Colorado.

Total
company revenue in 2020 was almost split evenly between spirits and Craft Canning; yet
 the Craft Canning division contributed 80% of
our gross profit and spirits contributed 20%. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant effect on each business unit. Craft
Canning revenue had over 20% growth from 2019 due to the incremental demand for packaging stimulated by the shift in on-premise beer
sales from kegs to cans. The spirits portfolio had approximately 20% in revenue growth from 2019 due to a full year of Azu&ntilde;ia
Tequila sales. Overall
 the U.S. craft spirits category revenue was down $2.1 billion
 or 40%
 in 2020 according to the Distilled Spirits
Council of the United States (&ldquo;DISCUS&rdquo;).


    
    


Principal
Spirits Brands and Products During 2020



    
    
Hue-Hue
    (pronounced &ldquo;way-way&rdquo;) Coffee Rum
 single-origin Arabica coffee beans grown at the
    Finca El Paternal Estate in Huehuetenango
 Guatemala that is sourced and then lightly roasted through Portland Roasting Company.
    The concentrated brew is then blended with premium silver rum and a trace amount of Demerara sugar. 

    
    
Azu&ntilde;ia
    Tequila
 smooth
 clean craft tequila with authentic flavor from the local terroir. It is the exclusive
    export of Agaveros Unidos de Amatit&aacute;n and a second generation
 family-owned-and-operated Rancho Miravalle estate
 which has
    created tequila for over 20 years. Made with 100% pure Weber Blue Agave grown in dedicated fields of the Tequila Valley
 it is harvested
    by hand and roasted in traditional clay hornos
 and then finished with a natural
 open-air fermentation process and bottled on-site
    in small batches using a consistent process to deliver field-to-bottle quality.

    
    
Portland
Portland&rsquo;s award-winning
    premium craft vodka. The key to producing our vodka is to distill it four times. While most vodka is made from grain used in whiskey
    we use potatoes and natural spring water sourced from the state of Oregon.

    
    
Burnside
    Whiskey
    qualities of Quercus Garryana
 the native Oregon Oak. Expanding on our initial experiment in 2012
 we made it our mission to turn
    the Burnside program into a one- of-a-kind oak study. Our blends are all distinctive from one another
 and the treatment of oak is
    equally specific. 


Principal
Services Provided by Craft Canning and Bottling





    
    
Flexible
    packaging options in multiple sizes

    
    
Nitrogen
    dosing: Specialized equipment allowing for packaging of still products in addition to carbonated beverages

    
    
Velcorin:
    Specialized equipment that supports microbial control 

    
    
Label
    application capabilities

    
    
Mobility
    packaging for clients at their production facility

    
    
Full-service
    packaging provider






    
    
Supplies
    all needed packaging and has the ability to package in two primary bottle sizes

    
    
Specialized
    packaging and quality control equipment


We
have invested heavily in the past two years expanding our business through acquisitions and making substantial investments in branding
and production; however
 we have not achieved profitability. The immediate task at hand is to focus on a new sustainable business strategy.
Based on a complete review and analysis of our competitive position
 market opportunity and assets
 we have identified components of
the strategy that we believe would improve operating results. Management believes the following components of the strategy are in place
and working:



    
    
Strong
    spirits brands and products;

    
    
Established
    3-tier national distributor partnerships;

    
    
Strong
    market position in Oregon
 which is benefiting from an industrywide growth in craft spirits; 

    
    
Experience
    in distilling
 blending
 and barrel aging for craft spirits; 

    
    
Significantly
    reduced cash burn rate;

    
    
Valuable
    asset in its employees; and 

    
    
Craft
    Canning division benefits from growth and accretive margin expansion opportunities generating cash flow. 


Areas
that we need incremental work include the following:



    
    
Effective
    integration of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila;

    
    
Increased
    gross margins for our spirits portfolio at industry standards; and

    
    
A
    sustainable strategy
 fiscal plan
 and predictable results. 



    
    


We
plan to complete our business review in 2021 and embark on the following:




    
    
Reinvent
    the business model for sustainable success: 




    
    
    
Reduce
    cash burn rate to less than $3 million per annum in 2021;

    
    
    
Provide
    adequate liquidity and funding of the operating plan; 

    
    
    
Leverage
    Craft Canning growth and achieve production synergies with spirits;

    
    
    
Refocus
    spirits branding and strategy to grow and expand; 

    
    
    
Build
    the Eastside brand; and 

    
    
    
Utilize
    the Eastside brand for limited edition products. 




    
    
Focus
    strategy on value creation that establishes a sustainable growth plan with a clear competitive advantage increasing internal rate
    of return and value for shareholders; 

    
    
Expand
    the Board of Directors and build strategic alignment; 

    
    
Build
    a 3-year strategic plan;

    
    
Rebuild
    the budget process to allow for predictable measurable progress on financial goals; and 

    
    
Build
    a professional company platform
 deliver results
 and then
 acquire accretive assets.


Eastside
Distilling is unique in several specific areas: (1) to our knowledge
 we are the only craft spirits company listed on Nasdaq
 (2) we
do not function as a traditional craft distillery with store fronts relying on local sales
 (3) we are diversified with our contract
manufacturing division
 and (4) we have a diversified portfolio of spirits brands. We are similar to other craft distillers in that (1)
we have concentrated local volume
 (2) we produce small batches and remain within the volume definition of &ldquo;Craft&rdquo;
 and (3)
our brands achieve success through differentiation
 discovery and distribution.

The
U.S. spirits marketplace is occupied by large multi-national conglomerates with substantially more resources than Eastside Distilling.
However
 we can use our small size to be fast
 focused
 flexible in our strategy. If we attempt to grow too quickly
 we may lack the
underlying strength required to build scale with loyalty via strong unaided awareness and powerfully derived attributes. Moreover
 attempting
to focus our &ldquo;frame-of-reference&rdquo; to compete with the biggest brands in the most expensive venues
 is likely to fail without
first establishing underlying brand equity.

We
will seek to utilize our public company stature to our advantage and position our spirits portfolio as a leading tier 2 spirits provider
that develops brands
 expands geographic presence and positions for either a sale to the tier 1 suppliers or continued ownership with
growth in revenue and cash flow. We will look to grow
 and vertically integrate
 our Craft Canning portfolio.

Market
Opportunity &ndash; Roll-up Craft Distilleries with a Vertically Integrated Production Platform

Size
of the United States for the Craft Spirits Market

The
U.S. craft spirits market retail value was estimated at $3.3 billion in 2020
 down 40% from $5.5 billion in 2019 due to the COVID-19
pandemic and loss of on-premise sales. The craft spirits category is estimated to continue to struggle in the 1st half of 2021
 declining
 half as the on-premise class of trade opens
 growing at 30%. Overall
we project a growth rate of 10% in 2021. The compound annual growth rate from 2020 to 2023 is forecasted to be 20%.


    
    


Estimated
Craft Spirits Revenue Growth 20% CAGR through 2023



Source:
DISCUS

The
craft spirits category share is dominated by whiskey products
 followed by gin and brandy. Overall share mix continues to remain constant
as growth rates tend to be consistent across product types. The rye whiskey category is growing twice that of American whiskey. While
tequila is not considered a domestically produced craft spirit as all tequila is imported from Mexico
 we believe Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila
has the potential to grow and excel as an artisanal
 authentic brand in the premium and super premium tequila category.

Projected
2023 Mix of Craft Spirits






Source:
Arizton

According
to DISCUS
 distilled spirits sales in the U.S. were up 5.3% in 2019
 increasing by $1.5 billion
 to a new record of $29 billion. Key
spirits category drivers of sales growth in 2019 included: American whiskey
 up 10.8%
 or $387 million
 to $4 billion; rye was an important
component of the overall American whiskey category growth with sales up 14.7%
 or $30 million
 reaching $235 million; tequila/mezcal
up 12.4%
 or $372 million
 to $3.4 billion; mezcal surpassed $100 million in sales for the first time totaling $105 million. Pre-mixed
cocktails were up 7.5%
 or $25 million
 to $351 million. Volumes rose by 3.3% to a record 239 million cases
 an increase of 7.6 million
cases from 2018. The trend underscored the decades long trend in market premiumization as consumers shifted their purchases toward more
expensive spirits
 resulting in a faster rate of growth in revenue over the rate of growth in physical shipments. According to DISCUS
in 2019
 the spirits industry again gained market share over beer and wine sales. Revenues grew by half a percent to 37.8% of the total
beverage alcohol market. This was the 10th year of market share gains for the spirits industry. Each percentage point gain in market
share is worth $770 million in additional revenue to the industry.

Key
Salient Areas We Target and Focus Our Spirits Portfolio



    
    
Premiumization
    &ndash; Craft spirits are anticipated to cost more and be more premium. Overall consumer behavior continues to drink less but consume
    premium alcoholic beverages.



    
    




    
    
Experiential
    Branding &ndash; Brands that consumers can discover and become an integral part of consumer lifestyles and self-expression are on
    the rise. This trend will continue as users search for authenticity.

    
    
Farm
    to Flask &ndash; Better ingredients
 authentic production processes and a better taste experience will continue to be interesting
    attributes. Craft spirits
 which have a unique sense of identity and originality
 continue to gain popularity.

    
    
Artisanal
    and Handmade &ndash; Batch produced limited quantities with the highest care
 attention and quality are important to consumers seeking
    special
 premium products. This trend is a critical driver of craft growth.


Spirits
Aficionados that Appreciate Authentic
 Hand Crafted
 Batch Produced Products

The
overall target for Eastside Distilling is a &ldquo;psychographic target&rdquo; that transcends demographics and focuses on what consumers
want versus who they are.

Our
Strategy

Our
overall strategy is to build Eastside Distilling to a leader in the craft spirits and craft packaging marketplace. We will continue to
focus our spirits portfolio on a &ldquo;house of brands&rdquo; architecture with Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila
 Burnside Whiskey
 Portland Potato
Vodka
 Hue-Hue Coffee Rum and the Eastside brand of limited edition premium spirits products. We aim to grow these brands to either be
an attractive acquisition candidate for the tier 1 producers in the spirits industry or be a consistent stream of earnings for the spirits
portfolio generated from scale
 scope and differentiation.

In
terms of strategic sequence
 we are focused on initiating the turnaround and then beginning the rapid value creation phase for shareholders
through the following:



    
    
The
    first and most critical step is to reduce the year on year cash burn. In 2019
 the cash burn rate (adjusted EBITDA + interest expense)
    was approximately $10 million and in 2020
 it was $6 million. The primary source of this cash burn was the investment in the Redneck
    Riviera brand. Management believed we would need to increase our investment in Redneck Riviera three-fold to maintain the velocity
    in the national off-premise chain accounts. We recently terminated the license for the Redneck Riviera brand and will now focus our
    investment on the remaining brands in the portfolio. In addition
 we will assess gross profit to cash operating costs as a scorecard
    matrix to ensure we maintain a sustainable operating cash burn rate in 2021 below $3 million and make incremental progress toward
    lowering that cash burn rate.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    second critical step is to establish proper liquidity and improve underlying fundamentals in net working capital. We over-invested
    in working capital in prior years and collateralized our barrel inventory to raise incremental capital. With the divestiture of
    the Redneck Riviera brand
 we have reduced barrel inventory by 40%. We plan to convert a substantial portion of the remaining barrel
    inventory to cash by utilizing the barrel product for Eastside limited edition products. We intend to use cash from both debt and
    equity financings to augment cash generated from reducing working capital to fund operations this year.

    
    
    

    
    
Given
    the vision for Eastside Distilling to be a national leader in craft spirits and craft contract packaging
 it is imperative that management
    work diligently to professionalize the Company and prepare to scale and expand. To this end
 we are focused on converting from manual
    to automated systems. We have recently hired a Controller and Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. This capability
    will bring faster monthly close
 added controls to the accounting systems
 stronger 3-year strategic plans and robust phased fiscal
    budgets. In addition
 with the goal of scale and expansion
 we will be better prepared to evaluate the optimal return for expenditures
    by business unit
 brand
 market
 and event.

    
    
    

    
    
Volume
    and market share
 with profit
 is the goal for our spirits portfolio. We are a company inspired by craft spirits and the art of craftmanship.
    We focus on creating unique high-quality artisan products that are rare and hard to get. Our Craft Canning division embraces the
    same inspiration to package craft beverages with quality and precision. We build experiential brands that are uniquely relevant to
    our target audience. We focus on creating relationships between our brands and consumers that are deep and enduring.



    
    


To
help achieve our strategy
 we are focused on the following:



    
    
Identifying
    and completing strategic brand development in-house and acquisitions that fill out our product portfolio and/or our distribution
    strategy;

    
    
    

    
    
Achieving
    world-class spirit rebranding with the collaboration of Neil Powell Studios;

    
    
    

    
    
Achieving
    brand penetration through our national distribution platform &ldquo;up and down the street&rdquo; with our 3-tier distribution network;

    
    
    

    
    
Maximizing
    our margins through (a) premium unique brands and products
 (b) optimizing price and price promotion
 and (c) targeted cost leverage
    utilizing our &ldquo;operations center of excellence&rdquo; that will focus on buy/make/deliver best practice model;

    
    
    

    
    
Monetizing
    our diverse and growing branded-product portfolio through select and focused geographic expansion; and


    
    
    

    
    
Building
    a sustainable business model that owns a unique competitive advantage through our brands
 products
 people
 infrastructure and distributors.


Our
Strengths

We
believe the following competitive strengths will help enable the implementation of our growth strategies:



    
    
Experiential
    brands with the potential to be highly relevant/unique yet scalable/expandable
&rdquo;
    our brands will (a) strive to be discovered versus marketed
 (b) create experiences versus interactions
 (c) be relevant and unique
    vs only relevant or unique; and (d) be iconic and admired by our target audience. We will accomplish these goals by building brands
    that have a deep connection to product attributes and consumer values. When combined
 we will create brand gestalt that is highly
    regarded and highly desired.

    
    
    

    
    
Artisan
    products that are craft inspired and driven by the art of craftmanship: 
    as measured by individual product attribute ratings and combined derived attribute ratings. In the end
 the most important measurement
    is purchase intent driven by strategic attribute ratings.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
    distilling and blending experts:
 with highly regarded palates and
    experience is important to us maintaining a high-quality
 artisanal character to our products as well as adding to our consumer appeal.

    
    
    

    
    
Experienced
    marketing and branding:
    Miller Sharp&rsquo;s non-alcoholic beer for Miller Brewing
 he acquired and grew Stolichnaya vodka for Allied Domecq
 and he received
    the Edgar Bronfman award for outstanding leadership in the spirits industry. Our new Chief Branding Officer brings over 20 years
    in branding and marketing with several world class agencies. As brand marketing director
 she has repackaged and repositioned Beefeater
    Gin
 Kahlua Liqueur
 Sauza Tequila and provided marketing direction for other top brands like Makers Mark and Canadian Club. Our
    new Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis has over 20 years in the alcoholic beverage industry with Pernod Ricard
 Diageo
    Bacardi and Heineken
 specifically working with brand management to support test market analysis
 new product development
 sales
    and operations planning process and marketing matrix measurement/return. Finally
 Eastside Distilling has established a strong relationship
    with Neil Powell Studios
 an acclaimed branding firm
 to provide us with packaging and digital branding expertise.



    
    




    
    
Key
    distribution relationships: 
    United States
 such as RNDC. We have also maintained our relationship with Park Street
 a provider of back-office administrative
    and logistical services for alcohol and beverage companies. We believe these relationships will help accomplish our goal of having
    our premium spirits sold and distributed nationwide.

    
    
    

    
    
Expanded
    production: 
 we now have the ability to create an &ldquo;operational
    center of excellence&rdquo; for the entire company. Our new Senior Vice President of Operations has over 20 years&rsquo; experience
    in classic consumer goods manufacturing
 including change management
 scale &amp; expansion
integrated
    data-driven software solutions)

 black belt methodology and team leadership. The Company plans to combine
    all purchasing
of
    Operations.


Our
Product Approach

Our
approach to our craft spirits involves five important aspects:



    
    
Commitment
    to high quality unique artisan products inspired by craft spirits and driven by the highest standards of craftmanship
    and deliver extraordinary products that have unique qualities in ingredients
 distilling
 blending or barrel aging that offer consumers
    a special experience.

    
    
    

    
    
Authentic
    craft products and yet scalable and expandable:
    delight our consumers can be scaled and consistent with proper care given to consistency and quality of our production process. 

    
    
    

    
    
Unique
    talent and experience
 the highest standards of craftmanship and the creativity
    and capability of our entire team. Eastside recently announced a new Head Distiller to protect our standards
 guide our process
    and innovate new products.




    
    
Strategic
    spirit portfolio architecture
    brands
 artisan products
 &ldquo;up and down the street&rdquo; distribution and micro guerilla marketing. Our portfolio architecture
    will seek to offer the most unique
 high quality and high margin products.

    
    
    

    
    
Build
    consumer relationships
 affinity and loyalty
    fosters loyalty and word of mouth.


Production
and Supply

Bringing
a brand to market involves several important stages
 including bottle and label design
 raw materials procurement
 filling the bottles
and packaging the bottles in various configurations for shipment. To achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand
 we use one or more
of the following techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition of natural flavorings
 blending of products
 and aging in selected casks. Once
the final profile is approved and quality control standards are met
 we filter the liquid as needed and bottle or can the product.

We
rely on a limited number of suppliers for the sourcing of our spirit products and raw materials
 including our distillate products and
other ingredients. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the U.S and Mexico. We are in the process of reviewing our contract
with Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan
 SA. de CV.
 which was part of the acquisition of the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila assets in 2019. We do not
have long-term
 written agreements with any of our other suppliers for the production of raw materials. However
 we believe that we have
consistent and reliable third-party sources for the needed materials. We produce and bottle all our spirits for distribution
 regardless
of whether the distillation phase of the process was at our facility or at one of our suppliers.


    
    


Most
recently
 we have consolidated all procurement
 manufacturing
 logistics
 and warehousing under the responsibility of our Senior Vice
President of Operations. We have created a &ldquo;center of operational excellence&rdquo; that will lead and manage the following: (1)
company procurement of raw materials and finished goods from Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan
 SA. de CV
 (2) Craft C+B contract manufacturing
(3) craft spirits direct manufacturing
 and (4) company logistics and warehousing. This initiative will decrease waste
 fully utilize
and deploy resources
 and establish a platform for expansion.

Distribution
Network

Since
2018 with the introduction of Redneck Riviera Whiskey
 we developed a national distribution network and currently have distribution and
brokerage relationships with three-tier distributors in 49 U.S. states. Despite the divestiture of Redneck Riviera Whiskey from our product
portfolio
 we continue to enjoy our relationship with a national distributor network.

U.S.
Distribution

Producers
and importers of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 a brand is
first sold to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo;
states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately held companies. In the 17 control states
 the states themselves
function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers
 including our Company. The distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual
retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other outlets licensed to sell alcoholic beverages. In larger states
such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate geographical areas. In control states
 producers and importers
sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the products and either operate retail outlets or license
the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict control over pricing and profit.

The
U.S. spirits industry has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. Eight major spirits
companies currently dominate the industry
 each of which owns and operates its own importing businesses. All companies
 including these
large companies
 are required by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the United States. The major companies
continue to exert increasing influence over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become increasingly difficult for smaller
companies to get their products recognized by distributors. Before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic
 over 2
000 craft distillers operated
in the United States. Since the COVID-19 pandemic commenced
 it is estimated that the total number will be reduced to 1
200.



We
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury Department
and the requisite state licenses within the states in which we conduct business.

Our
inventory is maintained in offsite bonded warehouses at our producers
 our bonded warehouse in Milwaukie
 Oregon
 and at bonded warehouses
managed by Park Street
 our fulfillment and logistics partner. We also typically have inventory in transit that we ship nationally through
our network of licensed and bonded carriers.

Wholesalers
and Distributors

In
the United States
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 product placement and retail store
penetration. All of the distributors with whom currently work also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we have established relationships
for our brands with wholesale distributors in the forty-nine states where we sell our products
 and our products are sold in the U.S.
by these wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.


    
    


Significant
Customers

Sales
to one customer
 the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 18% and 16% of our consolidated sales for the years
ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Sales
Team

We
have a total sales force of approximately 10 people
 with an average of over ten years of industry experience with premium beverage
alcohol brands.

Our
sales personnel are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional
plans for our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel.
Our sales team also maintains relationships with key chain and retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training and
education for our brands.

In
addition
 we have also engaged Park Street
 a provider of back-office administrative
 fulfillment
 and logistical services for alcohol
and beverage distributors
 which services include state compliance
 logistics planning
 order processing
 order fulfillment
 distributor
chargeback and bill-support management and certain accounting and reporting services. In addition
 Park Street provides a factoring service
that we can take advantage of to improve cash flow.

Advertising
Marketing and Promotion

To
build our brands
 we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: distributors
 retail trade and end consumers. Advertising
marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial brand
value. In the spirits category
 consumers &ldquo;drink the image
&rdquo; so brand identity is paramount.

We
have shifted our marketing model from an exclusive external partnership to internal marketing overseen by our Chief Branding Officer
and Chief Executive Officer. We have focused our marketing methodology to conducting quantitative external reviews based on consumer
research for all brand and product development. We have developed our fundamental strategy to &ldquo;position and proof&rdquo; &ndash;
position brands and products through quantitative research and then market test to build a &ldquo;proof of concept&rdquo; prior to regional
or national launch. We have partnered with the Studios of Neil Powell to create
 build and produce product packaging and support material.

We
are implementing a micro-guerilla marketing strategy that drives tactics to build brand equity and increase sales. We focus on
&ldquo;Impact Stacking&rdquo; that combines advertising
 price promotions
 point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and off-premise
promotions
 public relations
 and social media marketing to deliver the biggest impact to our target audience and make the most
of our limited resources. We have reduced the cost of external partnerships to manage all marketing by (a) extending research to quantitative
methodology that better predicts success
 (b) leveraging internal marketing expertise that is more cost effective
 (c) better positioning
brands to include both consumer values and product attributes
 and (d) more optimal utilization of resources with focus and elimination
of waste.

We
now focus on building the spirits portfolio strategy and architecture to better focus and align our brands and products. We also employ
a more classical approach to branding based on the capability of our new Chief Branding Officer (&ldquo;CBO&rdquo;) and new CEO. Our
new CBO has decades of experience in building brands and transforming spirits brands working with advertising agencies and strategic
brand consultants. Our CEO has extensive experience in beverage innovation
 strategic brand building and micro marketing techniques with
a proven track record of value creation in the beverage category.

Intellectual
Property

Trademarks
are an important aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks which we own. Our brands are protected by
trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S. where we distribute
 or plan
to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries. In the U.S.
 trademark registrations need
to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution territories.


    
    




Our
business has historically followed the spirits industry seasonality trends with peak sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar
quarter in spirits
 primarily due to seasonal holiday buying. Our Craft C+B business typically has peak sales mid to late summer. However
as our business has evolved and as we continue to expand our footprint in the national distribution platform
 our sales growth has been
more dependent on the timing of successful sales efforts and shipment of product to customers
 but there remains a concentration of buying
and stocking our chains ahead of the holiday season.



In
spirits
 our industry is highly fragmented and very competitive. The threat of new entrants is high; however
 the craft spirits segment
in the United States is estimated to be down 40% in revenue in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The number of craft distilleries is
also down from 2
000 to an estimated 1
200. The next three years will produce significant growth for craft spirits off of a lower base.

We
believe that Eastside Distilling will compete on the basis of quality
 authenticity
 sustainability
 artisanal and experiential. Our
premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for market share. We compete with numerous tier 1 multinational
producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
 many of which have greater resources than us.

Over
the past ten years
 the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership.
The number of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today
 we believe eight major companies dominate the market: Diageo
PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari-Milano S.p.A.
 and R&eacute;my
Cointreau S.A. These competitors have substantially greater resources than we do.

We
believe we are a meaningful tier 2 participant that is in a prime position to build our platform and potentially partner with small-to-mid-size
spirit brands as opposed to the major importers and tier 1 multinationals. Given our size relative to our major tier 1 competitors
 most
of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction
structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing
capabilities
 our ability to expand into new markets and our negotiating ability with our distributors.

By
focusing on the premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher prices per case and gross profit margins
and having an established
 experienced marketing &amp; sales force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from
our distributors for a company of our size. Also
 the continued consolidation among the major companies
 and the downsizing of craft
distilleries due to the COVID-19 pandemic are expected to create opportunities for small to mid-size wine and spirits companies to expand
and increase market share.

The
mobile canning and bottling industry is highly fragmented and very competitive. The threat of new entrants is high. Moreover
 we compete
at the hyper-local scale
 where we have a few concentrated customers. One of our greatest threats associated with losing customers is
the customer&rsquo;s own growth and success. As new brewers grow
 they are able to afford the investment in their own canning line. We
believe the mobile canning industry is in the very early stages of development.

Government
Regulation

We
are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs laws
 and the Alcoholic Beverage Control laws
of all fifty states
 among many other regulations.


    
    


The
U.S. Treasury Department&rsquo;s Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising
and transportation of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution
of alcohol products within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell spirits.

We
are subject to U.S. regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition
of the marketing of alcohol in some states to restrictions on advertising style
 media and messages.

Labeling
of spirits is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other
consumer information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage
alcohol products.

In
the U.S. control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and
offered for sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally
made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings
only through special orders
 if at all.

The
distribution of alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most
foreign countries impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. If we begin distributing
our products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption
of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.



As
of March 31
 2021
 we have 78 employees
 10 of whom are in sales and marketing
 56 in production/canning/bottling
and 12 of whom are in administration. All employees are full-time with the exception of one part-time employee in sales and
two part-time employees in canning. We will continue to monitor our staffing in light of the impacts of the coronavirus and streamlining
on our operations for working capital needs.

Geographic
Information

Eastside
Distilling currently sells its products in 49 states.

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS

The
statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with
&ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements&rdquo; to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as well as our other disclosures in this Annual Report. We may have other
risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently believe are immaterial but may become material.

RISKS
RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS

Internal
disagreements of our Board of Directors could have materially adverse consequences

We
have a dynamic board of directors consisting of independent and non-independent members. Our board seeks to stimulate the flow of ideas
identify key issues
 consider alternatives
 and make informed decisions through a deliberative process. Our directors have a diverse
range of experiences and perspectives. In some cases
 our directors have actual or possible conflicts of interests or have financial
or other interests in proposed transactions with the Company. As a result of all of these factors
 members of our board of directors
may disagree on how to oversee the business of the Company
 the Company&rsquo;s long-term strategic
 financial
 or organizational goals
the Company&rsquo;s standards and policies
 or other Company matters.


    
    


These
disagreements can evolve into disputes
 and some of these disputes may have adverse consequences
 including a reduced level of trust
among board members
 unresolved issues
 an inability to act on corporate matters
 instability on the board
 and reduced management and
employee morale. They can also significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives or have an adverse impact on
our business performance. In some cases
 if disputes cannot be resolved internally
 they can result in director resignation or removal
proxy contests
 litigation
 or stock market delisting.

Failure
to retain &amp; recruit executive management and to build morale and performance

Eastside
Distilling&rsquo;s success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our executive management team
 key senior management
 and a high-quality
employee base
 as well as our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. If one of our executive officers or critical senior
management terminates his or her employment
 we may not be able to replace their expertise
 fully integrate new personnel or replicate
the prior working relationships. The loss of critical employees might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business
objectives. Qualified individuals with the breadth of skills and experience in our industry that we require are in high demand
 and we
may incur significant costs to attract them. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected
loss of experienced employees could have an adverse impact on our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption
and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.

We
recently experienced significant changes to our executive leadership team. Both our corporate controller and Vice President of Financial
Planning and Analysis resigned effective December 2020 due to concerns of stability
 functionality
 and over-reaching Board involvement.
This has been a significant set-back to the Company. We have recently recruited two new employees to fill these roles and we are currently
on-boarding in the first quarter 2021.

There
is substantial uncertainty relating to our acquisition of the assets of Intersect Beverage
 LLC

On
September 12
 2019
 the Company completed the acquisition of the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila brand
 the direct sales team
 existing product
inventory
 supply chain relationships and contractual agreements from Intersect Beverage
 LLC
 an importer and distributor of tequila
and related products. We have encountered integration difficulties since the acquisition
 including difficulties in assimilating the
operations and products
 failing to realize synergies
 unanticipated costs
 low profit margins
 diversion of management&rsquo;s attention
from other business concerns
 and issues relating to employee transition. Moreover
a

Tequila brand of products. The Company has commenced an internal investigation into these trade practices and the effects
 if any
 such
practices may have on the Company&rsquo;s historical results of operation
 as well as any potential violation of laws or regulations
applicable to the Company. The results of the investigation could lead to one or more material adverse effects on the Company
 including
actions for violation of law or regulation
 penalties or other monetary liability
 suspension
 or forfeiture of one or more licenses
to operate our business. Moreover
 the investigation may result in assertion of one or more claims of indemnification or other legal
action arising out of the acquisition.

Negative
impact of COVID-19 pandemic 

Our
business continues to be susceptible to disruption from any number of current and ongoing challenges brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The impact of consumer business and government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the operations and
financial condition of many businesses. Those include employees being required to work remotely
 not travel and otherwise alter their
normal working conditions. For instance
 our sales staff have had limited opportunity to interact with customers. Businesses have been
closed
 including establishments that sell our products
 and supply chains and manufacturing have been disrupted. Consumer buying habits
have shifted and may continue to shift
 which may result in fewer sales of our products. These and other impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic
and any other similar crisis could have a material impact on our operations and financial results.


    
    


In
addition
 our results and financial condition may be adversely affected by federal or state legislation (or other similar laws
 regulations
orders or other governmental or regulatory actions) that would impose new or more severe restrictions on our ability to operate our business
or impact the economy or our customers and suppliers
 a severe downturn in the economy or financial and lending markets.

The
degree to which COVID-19 may impact our results of operations and financial condition is unknown at this time and will depend on future
developments
 including the ultimate severity and the duration of the pandemic
 and further actions that may be taken by governmental
authorities or businesses or individuals on their own initiatives in response to the pandemic.

Negative
impact of operating losses every quarter since our inception

We
believe that we will continue to incur net losses in 2021 as we expect to make continued investment in product development
 sales and
marketing
 brand support and to incur administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands. We also anticipate that our cash needs will
exceed our income from sales in 2021. Some of our products may not achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate sales and
profits to justify our investment in them. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow. Results of operations
will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including new entrants
 competitive activity
 government regulations
and increase in tax. We also incur substantial operating expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly related to being a
reporting company with the SEC.

Failure
to secure additional capital and achieve adequate liquidity to grow and compete

We
will require additional capital to operate
 grow and compete
 and failure to obtain such additional capital could limit our operations
and our growth. Unfortunately
 we have not generated sufficient cash from operations to finance additional capital needs
 and we will
need to raise additional funds through private or public equity and/or debt financing. We cannot assure that additional financing will
be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If additional capital is either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and
growth may be limited
 and we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or to reduce
or curtail our operations. Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
and
 if we issue equity securities to raise capital
 our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have
rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

Failure
to effectively manage debt

We
have incurred significant debt under promissory notes and inventory financing lines. Much of our debt is secured by our bulk spirit inventory
and other assets
 including assets in our Craft Canning business. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations depends upon our operating
and financial performance
 which is subject to general economic and competitive conditions and to financial
 business
 and other factors
affecting our operations
 many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt
 we may need to sell inventory and
other material assets
 restructure or refinance our debt
 or seek additional equity capital. Prevailing economic conditions and global
credit markets could adversely impact our ability to do so.

Our
debt agreements contain limits on our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional debt
 grant liens
 undergo certain fundamental
changes
 make investments
 and dispose of inventory. We are also required to maintain compliance with a total leverage ratio and an interest
coverage ratio
 and for our secured inventory to have a market value relative to our outstanding debt balance.

The
amount and terms of our debt
 could have important consequences
 including the following:



    
    
prematurely
    pay down our outstanding debt balance if the market value of our bulk spirits falls and we need to remain within our borrowing base
    covenants;

    
    
we
    may be more vulnerable to economic downturns
 less able to withstand competitive pressures
 and less flexible in responding to changing
    business and economic conditions;



    
    




    
    
we
    may be more limited in our ability to execute on our strategy and have flexibility to operate or restructure our business;

    
    
our
    cash flow from operations may be allocated to the payment of outstanding debt and not to developing and growing our brands;

    
    
we
    might not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or other sources to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the facility
    and to fund other liquidity needs;

    
    
an
    inability to incur additional debt
 including for working capital
 acquisitions
 or other needs.


If
we breach a loan covenant or miss a payment
 the lenders could accelerate the repayment of debt and foreclose on our inventory and other
assets. We might not have sufficient assets to repay our debt upon acceleration. If we are unable to repay or refinance the debt upon
acceleration or at maturity
 the lenders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding against us or collection proceedings with respect to
our assets securing the facility
 which could materially decrease the value of our common stock.

Failure
of our brands to achieve anticipated consumer acceptance
 sales
 growth
 or profitability.

Although
our brands continue to achieve acceptance
 most of our brands are relatively new and have not achieved national brand recognition. We
have not yet had success growing a brand to a sufficient level to realize profitability and be in a position to sell the brand for a
profit. Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future may not establish widespread brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers
do not accept our brands at scale
 our sales will be limited
 and we will not be able to penetrate our markets. Our profitability depends
in part on achieving scale. We will need to achieve wider market acceptance of our brands and materially increase sales to achieve profitability.

Failure
to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers

Other
than our long-term exclusive agreement with Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan
 SA. de CV (&ldquo;Agaveros Unidos&rdquo;) for the Azu&ntilde;ia
Tequila brand
 we do not have long-term
 written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our relationships or an adverse
change in the terms of these arrangements (including with Agaveros Unidos) could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers
increase their prices
 we may not be able to secure alternative suppliers
 and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to
cover all or even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased
orders
 delays in shipments of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause
us to fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this
could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline
in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be negatively impacted.

We
have yet to assume the Intersect Beverage
 LLC contract with Agaveros Unidos
 which we are renegotiating. That contract runs through
July 2039 and has set pricing for the tequila and bottling services Agaveros Unidos provides. The contract also includes an exclusivity
clause. We are committed to purchase 24
000 9-liter cases in 2020 and 35
000 9-liter cases in 2021. We have no expressed commitments
beyond 2021. A breach of this contract
 including minimum purchase commitments
 could lead to a $2 million penalty and termination of
the contract
 and result in a failure of the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila brand.&nbsp;We are currently evaluating our options relating to amending
and renegotiating the contract.

Failure
of our distributors to distribute our products adequately within their territories 

We
are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in 17 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the United States.
We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
 failure to maintain those
relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently distribute our products in 49 states.


    
    


Over
the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states
now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution for several states.
If we fail to maintain good relations with a distributor
 our products could
 in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets
entirely. The ultimate success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute
our products to our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration.
In addition
 all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. distributors
will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines
 or that
they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a decline in our
results of operations.

Failure
of our products to secure and maintain listings in the control states

In
the control states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered
for sale in their respective states. Products selected for listing in control states must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit
levels to maintain their listings. Products in control states are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures
 which are
generally made available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only
be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain
our current listings in the control states
 or secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may develop
or acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly
 which would have a material adverse financial effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.

Failure
to maintain adequate inventory levels

We
maintain relatively large inventories of our product aging in barrels
 as well as
 to meet customer delivery requirements. We have used
our barreled spirits inventory at market value as collateral in our financing. If we do not make timely payments on our financing
obligations
 or we breach our covenants in any financing document
 including maintaining loan-to-value ratios
 the lenders may foreclose
and take possession of our inventory. In addition
 this inventory is always at risk of loss due to theft
 fire
 evaporation
 spoilage
or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and
operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or modify the
design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations.

Failure
to acquire additional distilleries
 brands
 or products that are complementary to our existing portfolio

A
component of our growth strategy may be the acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through
the acquisition of such brands or their corporate owners
 directly as brand acquisitions or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term
exclusive distribution arrangements and/or other strategic relationships. For example
 in September 2019
 we acquired the high-end
 luxury
tequila brand
 Azu&ntilde;ia
 to complement our portfolio and provide us with a brand in the high-growth tequila category. In addition
we acquired MotherLode in March 2017
 which provides contract canning
 bottling and packaging services for existing and emerging spirits
producers
 and in January 2019
 we completed the acquisition of Craft Canning
 which significantly adds to our contract canning
 bottling
and packaging services. If we are unable to identify or have the financial ability to acquire suitable brand candidates and successfully
execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth will be limited. In addition
 our entry into and expansion of our contract bottling
 canning
and packaging services as a result of our acquisitions of MotherLode and Craft Canning may not be successful
 and we may not realize
the benefits of these co-packing operations and may face certain risks
 including safety concerns
 product contamination
 and equipment
malfunctions or breakdowns
 among other things associated with our manufacturing operations. In addition
 if our bottling
 canning
 or
packaging services fail to meet our customers&rsquo; expectations
 or there is an overall decline in demand for bottling
 canning
 or
packaging services
 our reputation
 business
 results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

If
we are successful in acquiring additional brands or related service businesses
 we may still fail to achieve our target margins or maintain
profitability levels that would justify our investment in those additional brands or services or fail to realize operating and economic
efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to those additional brands or services. For Craft Canning
 we will need to provide
increased capital to expand operations and for Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila we will need to increase our gross profit margins substantially
grow sales
 reduce cost and leverage distribution to become cash flow positive.


    
    


The
addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other operating issues
 any of which could
have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These risks include
 but are not limited to
 the
following:



    
    
difficulties
    in assimilating acquired operations or products
 including failure to realize synergies;

    
    
    

    
    
failure
    to realize or anticipate benefits or to execute on our planned strategy for the acquired brand or business;

    
    
    

    
    
unanticipated
    costs that could materially adversely affect our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    
negative
    effects on reported results of operations from acquisition-related charges and amortization of acquired intangibles;




    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from other business concerns;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering new markets or markets in which we have limited prior experience; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    potential inability to retain and motivate key employees of acquired businesses.


Our
ability to grow through the acquisition of additional brands is also dependent upon identifying acceptable acquisition targets and opportunities
our ability to consummate prospective transactions on favorable terms
 or at all
 and the availability of capital to complete the necessary
acquisition arrangements. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third-party
financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could
have a significant effect on our financial position and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results.
Also
 acquisitions could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements
 the amortization
or impairment of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Failure
to protect our trademarks and trade secrets 

Our
business and prospects depend in part on our ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although
we apply for registration of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade
secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we
may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information.
Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the
future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of
our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our trade secrets
proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our sales
and growth potential.

Failure
of our key or service product information technology systems
 cyber-security breach or cyber-related fraud

We
rely on information technology (&ldquo;IT&rdquo;) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing
facilities and tools
 hardware (including laptops and mobile devices)
 and software and technical applications and platforms
 some of
which are managed
 hosted
 provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business.


    
    


Increased
IT security threats and more sophisticated cyber-crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
as well as to the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number of
causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively
address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive
and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events could result
in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost
or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers
 or consumers. In
any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security
breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.

Negative
impact of litigation and litigation risks

From
time to time
 we become involved in various litigation matters and claims
 including employment
 regulatory proceedings
 administrative
proceedings
 governmental investigations
 and contract disputes. We face potential claims or liability for
 among other things
 breach
of contract
 defamation
 libel
 fraud
 or negligence. We may also face employment-related litigation
 including claims of age discrimination
sexual harassment
 gender discrimination
 immigration violations
 or other local
 state
 and federal labor law violations. Because of
the uncertain nature of litigation and insurance coverage decisions
 the outcome of such actions and proceedings cannot be predicted
with certainty and an unfavorable resolution of one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
results of operations
 cash flows
 reputation
 brand identity and the trading price of our securities. Any such litigation
 with or without
merit
 could also result in substantial expenditures of time and money
 and divert attention of our management team from other tasks
important to the success of our business.

On
December 15
 2020
 Grover Wickersham filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon
against the Company. Mr. Wickersham
 the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company
 has asserted causes of action
for fraud in the inducement
 breach of contract
 breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing
 defamation
interference with economic advantage
 elder financial abuse
 and dissemination of false and misleading proxy materials The
Company disputes the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by changes in category trends and consumer preferences

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors
 including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product
innovations
 changes in vacation or leisure
 dining and beverage consumption patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 any or all
of which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
wine or non-alcoholic beverages or other products. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer
needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations.

In
addition
 the legalization of marijuana in any of the jurisdictions in which we sell our products may result in a reduction in sales.
Studies have shown that sales of alcohol may decrease in jurisdictions where marijuana has been legalized (e.g. Alaska
 Arizona
 California
Colorado
 Illinois
 Maine
 Massachusetts
 Michigan
 Montana
 Nevada
 Oregon
 Vermont
 Washington and the District of Columbia). As a
result
 marijuana sales may adversely affect our sales and profitability.

We
face substantial competition in our industry

We
compete on the basis of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences.
The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. Many of our
current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and have substantially greater financial
 sales
 marketing and other
resources than we do
 as well as larger installed customer bases
 greater name recognition and broader product offerings. Some of these
competitors can devote greater resources to the development
 promotion
 sale and support of their products. As a result
 it is possible
that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition
to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.


    
    


Class
actions or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol 

Our
industry faces the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol
has caused death or serious health problems or related to the labelling of our products. It is also possible that governments could assert
that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government-funded healthcare costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely
affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this
type.

Also
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds
expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future.
Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our cash
and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory
decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes 

Our
business is subject to extensive government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising
and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses.
We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage
alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change or become
more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict when and to
what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
 including driving
while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels of government may
seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure
to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and products could result in monetary
penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant
and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower
the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.

Also
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
 and
beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase
in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of
overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol. Although we expect a significantly
positive impact on our operating results from the enactment of the Craft Modernization and Tax Reform Act of 2017
 which was part of
the 2017 federal tax legislation that went into effect on January 1
 2018
 resulting from the lowering of the federal excise tax on spirits
for the first 100
000 proof gallons per year from $13.34 to $2.70 per gallon.

Product
liability or other related liabilities 

Although
we maintain liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures
may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit product liability or other related liabilities. Our product liability insurance
coverage is limited to $2 million per occurrence and $5 million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped
at $2 million
 which may be insufficient. Further
 any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying
our products is limited
 as a practical matter
 to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance
provided by these suppliers. In any event
 extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and
could harm our reputation or business.


    
    


Contamination
of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly similar products 

The
success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through
deliberate third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for
our products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the
distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality
 as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of our
products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands and potentially serious damage to our reputation
for product quality
 as well as product liability claims. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit
versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products with products that they
consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity
and adversely affect our sales and operations.

In
addition
 we also provide contract bottling
 canning
 and packaging services for existing and emerging beer
 wine and spirits producers
through our subsidiaries MotherLode and Craft Canning. Beer and wine products produced by third parties may be more susceptible to contamination
than the distilled products that we produce
 due to the lower alcohol content.

Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products

Anti-alcohol
groups have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed
to discourage alcohol consumption. In addition
 recent developments in the industry may compel us to identify the source and location
of our distillate products and notify the consumer of whether the product was distilled by us. More restrictive regulations
 negative
publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol
could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both
our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our results of operations.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK

Our
common stock is thinly traded
 and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares 

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or &ldquo;thinly-traded
&rdquo; meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. As a consequence
 there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent
 as compared to a seasoned
issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect
on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to sell their common stock at or above
their purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses. Also
 as a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of shares of our common stock in either direction.
The price of shares of our common stock could
 for example
 decline if a large number of shares of our common stock is sold on the market
without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb such sales without adverse impact on its share
price.

Sales
of our stock or use of our common stock to satisfy obligations may impact the market price and cause substantial dilution

We
will need to raise additional capital
 which might be in the form of an equity offering. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common
or preferred stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of warrants or conversion of preferred stock
 could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity
 the percentage ownership
of our stockholders will be reduced and cause substantial dilution to current stockholders.

We
pay certain of our directors
 consultants and business partners in our common stock or other securities linked to our common stock
 and
sometimes settle debts with common stock. We also pay executive compensation in the form of equity. These payments are based on the dollar
value of what is owed
 rather than a fixed number of shares. Continued use of our stock in this manner
 especially if our stock price
is trading at a low price
 may cause dilution to our shareholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.


    
    


A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise working capital

A
further decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. A decline in the price of our common stock could be especially detrimental to our liquidity and our operations.
Such reductions may force us to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may have a significant negative effect on our business plans
and operations
 including our ability to develop new services and continue our current operations. If our common stock price further
declines
 we can offer no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital or generate funds from operations sufficient to
meet our obligations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital in the future
 we may not be able to have the resources to continue
our normal operations.

Our
failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting 

In
August 2017
 our shares of common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements
of the Nasdaq Capital Market
 such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement
 Nasdaq may
take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would
impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting
 we would expect to take
actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing requirements
 but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken
by us would allow our common stock to become listed again
 stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock
 prevent
our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing
requirements. As of August 8
 2019
 we failed to comply with Nasdaq&rsquo;s requirement to have a majority independent Board and independent
audit and compensation committees. Although we regained compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements in September 2019
 we again fell
out of compliance on November 12
 2019 due to a director resignation and the appointment of Lawrence Firestone
 a then-independent director
as our Chief Executive Officer. We promptly came back into compliance on November 18
 2019.

On
August 20
 2020
 Nasdaq notified the Company that it no longer complied with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) because its reported stockholder&rsquo;s
equity of $2.4 million as of June 30
 2020 was below the minimum stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $2.5 million set forth in the Nasdaq Listing
Rule by $0.1 million. The Company believes it has regained compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; equity requirement based
upon the specific transactions and events as of February 16
 2021. Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company&rsquo;s ongoing compliance
with the stockholders&rsquo; equity requirement and
 if
 the Company does not evidence compliance at the time of its next periodic report
the Company may be subject to delisting.

On
January 19
 2021
 our board of directors determined that one of its members
 Stephanie Kilkenny
 had ceased to be independent
due to circumstances beyond her reasonable control resulting in our non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5605(b)
 (c)
 and
(d). The Board resolved to regain compliance and take commercially reasonable steps
 including retaining an executive search firm
to fill a current vacancy on the Board with a new director who qualifies as independent under these rules as soon as possible
but in no event later than the earlier of our next annual shareholder meeting or 180 days from the date of determination. On March
22
 2021
 our Board of Directors unanimously consented to a new independent board member bringing us back into compliance.


    
    


While
our warrants are outstanding
 it may be more difficult to raise additional equity capital

We
currently have non-trading
 privately issued common stock warrants to purchase 240
278 shares of common stock. During the term that our
warrants are outstanding
 the holders of the warrants will be given the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our
common stock. We may find it more difficult to raise additional equity capital while we have warrants outstanding. We might issue additional
warrants along with a future financing.

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future

For
the foreseeable future
 it is anticipated that earnings
 if any
 that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our
operations and that cash dividends will not be paid to holders of common stock.

Our
largest stockholders&rsquo; interests may conflict with the company or our smaller shareholders

We
have several stockholders owning near or over 5% of our outstanding common stock
 according to public filings. In addition
 Stephanie
Kilkenny
 a member of our Board of Directors together with her spouse
 owns and controls TQLA
 LLC (&ldquo;TQLA&rdquo;)
 the majority
owner of Intersect Beverage
 LLC. In connection with the acquisition of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila from Intersect Beverage
 LLC
 TQLA received
a substantial number of shares payable under the asset purchase agreement in 2021
 subject to a limitation under Nasdaq rules if the
share issuance would require a shareholder vote (e.g.
 we anticipate that the share issuance will be limited 19.99% of our outstanding).
Certain officers
 such as our CEO
 Mr. Block and CFO
 Mr. Gwin may become significant stockholders through the payment of equity compensation.

Accordingly
as a result of their direct and indirect beneficial ownership
 the foregoing stockholders may be able to exercise substantial control
and more directly influence our affairs and business
 including any determination with respect to a change in control
 future issuances
of common stock or other securities
 declaration of dividends on the common stock and the election of directors. The stockholders may
have interests that differ from the interests of other stockholders.

Issuing
additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock could cause dilution

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the Board to issue up to 15 million shares of common stock and up to 100 million shares of preferred
stock. The power of the Board to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase shares of common stock
or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any additional issuances of our common stock
 or preferred
stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of diluting your investment
 and the new securities may have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

We
have over 11 million shares of common stock outstanding or subject to warrants or other convertible securities. We are limited to issuing
up to 15 million shares of common stock. The limited number of available shares of common stock constrains our ability to conduct equity
offerings or engage in financing transactions that may have an equity component. In addition
 this limitation will constrain our ability
to grant equity incentives
 which could result in a failure to align management to shareholder objectives or to be able to retain and
motivate key personnel.

By
issuing preferred stock
 we may adversely affect the market price and voting rights of common shareholders

Our
Articles of Incorporation permit us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100 million shares of preferred stock.
Our Board may determine the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
 the shares of preferred stock
and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our Board
 in determining
the rights
 preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued
 may include provisions that have the effect
of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price
or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.


    
    


We
face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standards

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley&rdquo;)
 as well as related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board
 require compliance with certain corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards
for public companies. These laws
 rules and regulations
 including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating
to internal control over financial reporting (&ldquo;SOX 404&rdquo;)
 has materially increased our legal and financial compliance costs
and made some activities more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Although we currently believe our internal control over financial
reporting is effective
 the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject to the risk that our controls may become
inadequate or may not operate effectively. Any failure to comply with the requirements of SOX 404
 our ability to remediate any material
weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
 or difficulties encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating
results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such
failure could also adversely affect the results of the periodic management evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a
failure to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify
 would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that are required under SOX 404. Inadequate internal controls could
also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price
of our common stock
 and we could be subject to regulatory sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities
 which
would require additional financial and management resources.

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



Item
2. PROPERTIES

We
leased the following properties as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
Principal
    Activities
    
Sq
    Ft
    
    

1422
    NW 23rd Ave.
 Portland
 OR 97210
    
Retail
    Operation
    
1
000
    
    

10100
    SE Main St.
 Milwaukie
 OR 97222
    
Distilling
    Blending
 Bottling
 Warehousing
    
29
960
    
    

8911
    NE Marx Dr.
 Suite A2
 Portland
 OR 97220
    
Craft
    Canning Operation / Corporate Headquarters
    
17
400
    
    

1601
    South 92nd Place
 Suite A
 Seattle
 WA 98108
    
Craft
    Canning Operation
    
9
300
    
    

6035
    East 76th Ave.
 Suite G-I
 Commerce City
 CO 80022
    
Craft
    Canning Operation
    
4
500
    
    

321
    S Vermont Ave.
 Glendora
 CA 91741
    
Sales
    Office
    
2
000
    
    


*
Retail operations were permanently closed on March 23
 2020.

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On
December 15
 2020
 Grover Wickersham filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon against
the Company. Mr. Wickersham
 the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company
 has asserted causes of action for
fraud in the inducement
 breach of contract
 breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing
 defamation
 interference
with economic advantage
 elder financial abuse
 and dissemination of false and misleading proxy materials The Company disputes
the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously.

We
are not currently subject to any other material legal proceedings; however
 we could be subject to legal proceedings and
claims from time to time in the ordinary course of our business
 or legal proceedings we considered immaterial may in the future
become material. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
 and
divert management resources.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our
common stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (&ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;) under the symbol &ldquo;EAST.&rdquo;



Our
shares of common stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Transfer Online
Inc. 512 SE Salmon Street
 Portland
 Oregon 97214 (Telephone: (503) 227-2950).

As
of March 31
 2021
 there were 11
629
307 shares of our common stock outstanding
 which were held by 96 record stockholders. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.

Dividend
Policy

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception
 and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

The
following sets forth information regarding all securities sold or granted by us within the past year that were not registered under the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 and the consideration
 if any
 received by us for such securities:



    
On
    January 15
 2020
 the Company entered into a loan agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) between the Company and its wholly
    owned subsidiaries MotherLode LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
 Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
    Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co.
 LLC
 a Tennessee limited liability
    company
 and Outlandish Beverages LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company (collectively
 the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo; and each a
    &ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;) and Live Oak Banking Company
 a North Carolina banking corporation (&ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) to refinance existing
    debt of the Borrowers and to provide funding for general working capital purposes. In connection with the Loan Agreement
 Company
    issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase up to 100
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an initial exercise price
    of $3.94 per share (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;). The Warrant expires on January 15
 2025. In connection with the issuance of the Warrant
    the Company granted the Lender piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
    the Warrant
 subject to certain exceptions. On June 3
 2020
 the Company entered into a Modification Agreement with Live Oak that
    made changes to the Financial Reports and Other Data Section and restated Exhibit B.


The
foregoing transaction did not involve any underwriters
 underwriting discounts or commissions
 general solicitation or any public offering
and the Registrant believes each transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
 as stated above. The
Registrant believes that the Section 4(a)(2) or Rule 506(b) of Regulation D exemption applies to the transaction described above because
such transaction was predicated on the fact that the issuance was made only to an investor who (i) confirmed to the Registrant in writing
that it is an accredited investor
 or if not accredited
 has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it
is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment; and (ii) either received adequate business and financial information
about the Registrant or had access
 through its relationship with the Registrant
 to such information. Furthermore
 the Registrant affixed
appropriate legends to the share certificates and instruments issued in each foregoing transaction setting forth that the securities
had not been registered and the applicable restrictions on transfer.

Repurchase
of Securities



Item
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

In
this Form 10-K and in other documents incorporated herein
 as well as in oral statements made by the Company
 statements that are prefaced
with the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; and similar expressions
 are intended to identify forward-looking
statements regarding events
 conditions
 and financial trends that may affect the Company&rsquo;s future plans of operations
 business
strategy
 results of operations
 and financial position. Examples include those statements set forth above prior to &ldquo;Item 1. Business
- Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo; These statements are based on the Company&rsquo;s current expectations
and estimates as to prospective events and circumstances about which the Company can give no assurance. Further
 any forward-looking
statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made
 and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual future
financial condition or results. These forward-looking statements
 like any forward-looking statements
 involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include the factors
set forth above and the other information set forth in this Form 10-K.



Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
below) was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 2004 under the name of Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. In December 2014
 we changed our corporate
name to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect our acquisition of Eastside Distilling
 LLC. We manufacture
 acquire
 blend
 bottle
 import
market and sell a wide variety of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands. We employ 78 people in the United States.

Our
brands span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including whiskey
 vodka
 gin
 rum
 tequila and Ready-to-Drink (&ldquo;RTD&rdquo;).
We sell our products on a wholesale basis to distributors in open states
 and brokers in control states
 and until March 2020
 we operated
four retail tasting rooms in Portland
 Oregon to market our brands directly to consumers. We operate a mobile craft canning and bottling
business (&ldquo;Craft C+B&rdquo;) that primarily services the craft beer and craft cider business. Craft C+B operates 11 mobile lines
in Seattle
 Washington; Portland
 Oregon; and Denver
 Colorado.

Total
company revenue in 2020 was almost split evenly between spirits and Craft Canning; yet
 the Craft Canning division contributed 80% of
our gross profit and spirits contributed 20%. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant effect on each business unit. Craft
Canning revenue had over 20% growth from 2019 due to the incremental demand for packaging stimulated by the shift in on-premise beer
sales from kegs to cans. The spirits portfolio had approximately 20% in revenue growth from 2019 due to a full year of Azu&ntilde;ia
Tequila sales. Overall
 the U.S. craft spirits category revenue was down $2.1 billion
 or 40%
 in 2020 according to the Distilled Spirits
Council of the United States (&ldquo;DISCUS&rdquo;).

Principal
Spirits Brands and Products During 2020



    
    
Hue-Hue
    (pronounced &ldquo;way-way&rdquo;) Coffee Rum
 single-origin Arabica coffee beans grown at the
    Finca El Paternal Estate in Huehuetenango
 Guatemala that is sourced and then lightly roasted through Portland Roasting Company.
    The concentrated brew is then blended with premium silver rum and a trace amount of Demerara sugar
 giving our Hue-Hue a natural
    deep
 smooth richness. 

    
    
Azu&ntilde;ia
    Tequila
 smooth
 clean craft tequila with authentic flavor from the local terroir. It is the exclusive
    export of Agaveros Unidos de Amatit&aacute;n and a second generation
 family-owned-and-operated Rancho Miravalle estate
 which has
    created tequila for over 20 years. Made with 100% pure Weber Blue Agave grown in dedicated fields of the Tequila Valley
 it is harvested
    by hand and roasted in traditional clay hornos
 and then finished with a natural
 open-air fermentation process and bottled on-site
    in small batches using a consistent process to deliver field-to-bottle quality.



    
    




    
    
Portland
Portland&rsquo;s award-winning
    premium craft vodka. The key to producing our vodka is to distill it four times. While most vodka is made from grain used in whiskey
    we use potatoes and natural spring water sourced from the state of Oregon.

    
    
Burnside
    Whiskey
    qualities of Quercus Garryana
 the native Oregon Oak. Expanding on our initial experiment in 2012
 we made it our mission to turn
    the Burnside program into a one- of-a-kind oak study. Our blends are all distinctive from one another
 and the treatment of oak is
    equally specific. 


Principal
Services Provided by Craft Canning and Bottling



Flexible
packaging options in multiple sizes
Nitrogen
dosing: Specialized equipment allowing for packaging of still products in addition to carbonated beverages
Velcorin:
Specialized equipment that supports microbial control
Label
application capabilities
Mobility
packaging for clients at their production facility
Full-service
packaging provider



Supplies
all needed packaging and has the ability to package in two primary bottle sizes
Specialized
packaging and quality control equipment

We
have invested heavily in the past two years expanding our business through acquisitions and making substantial investments in branding
and production; however
 we have not achieved profitability. The immediate task at hand is to focus on a new sustainable business strategy.
Based on a complete review and analysis of our competitive position
 market opportunity and assets
 we have identified components of
the strategy that we believe would improve operating results. Management believes the following components of the strategy are in place
and working:



    
    
Strong
    spirits brands and products;

    
    
Established
    3 tier national distributor partnerships;

    
    
Strong
    market position in Oregon
 which is benefiting from an industrywide growth in craft spirits; 

    
    
Experience
    in distilling
 blending
 and barrel aging for craft spirits; 

    
    
Significantly
    reduced cash burn rate;

    
    
Valuable
    asset in its employees; and 

    
    
Craft
    Canning division benefits from growth and accretive margin expansion opportunities generating cash flow. 


Areas
that we need incremental work include the following:



    
    
Effective
    integration of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila;

    
    
Increased
    gross margins for our spirits portfolio at industry standards; and

    
    
A
    sustainable strategy
 fiscal plan
 and predictable results. 


We
plan to complete our business review in 2021 and embark on the following:




    
    
Reinvent
    the business model for sustainable success: 




    
    
    
Reduce
    cash burn rate to less than $3 million per annum in 2021;

    
    
    
Provide
    adequate liquidity and funding of the operating plan; 

    
    
    
Leverage
    Craft Canning growth and achieve production synergies with spirits;

    
    
    
Refocus
    spirits branding and strategy to grow and expand; 

    
    
    
Build
    the Eastside brand; and 

    
    
    
Utilize
    the Eastside brand for limited edition products. 




    
    
Focus
    strategy on value creation that establishes a sustainable growth plan with a clear competitive advantage increasing internal rate
    of return and value for shareholders; 

    
    
Expand
    the Board of Directors and build strategic alignment; 

    
    
Build
    a 3-year strategic plan;

    
    
Rebuild
    the budget process to allow for predictable measurable progress on financial goals; and 

    
    
Build
    a professional company platform
 deliver results
 and then
 acquire accretive assets.




    
    


Eastside
Distilling is unique in several specific areas: (1) to our knowledge
 we are the only craft spirits company listed on Nasdaq
 (2) we
do not function as a traditional craft distillery with store fronts relying on local sales
 (3) we are diversified with our contract
manufacturing division
 and (4) we have a diversified portfolio of spirits brands. We are similar to other craft distillers in that (1)
we have concentrated local volume
 (2) we produce small batches and remain within the volume definition of &ldquo;Craft&rdquo;
 and (3)
our brands achieve success through differentiation
 discovery and distribution.

The
U.S. spirits marketplace is occupied by large multi-national conglomerates with substantially more resources than Eastside Distilling.
However
 we can use our small size to be fast
 focused
 flexible in our strategy. If we attempt to grow too quickly
 we may lack the
underlying strength required to build scale with loyalty via strong unaided awareness and powerfully derived attributes. Moreover
 attempting
to focus our &ldquo;frame-of-reference&rdquo; to compete with the biggest brands in the most expensive venues
 is likely to fail without
first establishing underlying brand equity.

We
will seek to utilize our public company stature to our advantage and position our spirits portfolio as a leading tier 2 spirits provider
that develops brands
 expands geographic presence and positions for either a sale to the tier 1 suppliers or continued ownership with
growth in revenue and cash flow. We will look to grow
 and vertically integrate
 our Craft Canning portfolio.

Recent
Developments

During
2020
 Craft Canning experienced an increase in demand and revenue growth as customers are continuing to prefer to fill cans for a wider
off-premise usage. In order to meet this demand
 we invested in additional canning lines. Throughout 2020
 the canning industry has faced
a shortage of aluminum cans. However
 we believe we have sourced enough cans to supply our current business plan. While off-premise business
has seen an increase in spirits sales
 the customer focus has been on major brands and larger format bottles which we do not currently
have on the national platform. Other parts of our business were negatively affected by mandated lockdowns and other related restrictions
including a decrease in sales volume in on-premise accounts
 where products are typically consumed immediately
 such as bars and restaurants.
This negative trend has continued through the year.

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic
 we implemented specific measures to reduce the spread of the virus including having our employees
work remotely whenever possible
 screening visitors and workers before entering facilities
 requiring visitors and employees to wear
masks
 and encouraging social distancing. These preventive measures have been effective as evidenced by the minimal number of COVID-19
cases between our workforce
 vendors
 and customers.

Available
Information

Our
executive offices are located at 8911 NE Marx Drive
 Suite A2
 Portland
 Oregon 97220. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264 and our
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is not part of this
annual report.

Results
of Operations



During
the first quarter of 2020
 Eastside Distilling focused its sales and marketing efforts on the distribution of our brands through the
national platform
 resulting in the decision to close all four of its retail stores in Portland
 Oregon by March 31
 2020. On October
29
 2020
 we announced our intent to divest the Redneck Riviera brand. We signed a non-binding term sheet between Eastside Distilling
and Rich Marks
 LLC
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co
 LLC
 John D. Rich Tisa Trust and Redneck Spirits Group
 LLC (collectively the buyers
and

consolidated financial statements. In the current year
 the income
 expense
operations
during the period they were consolidated have been classified as discontinued operations. For comparative purposes amounts in the prior
periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.


    
    


Consolidated
Statements of Operations Data



    
    
    
$
    Variance
%
    Change

    
14
782
12
193
2
589
    

Less customer programs
    and excise taxes
1
061
    
    
    

    
13
721
11
626
2
095
    

    
9
164
7
567
1
597
    

    
4
557
4
059
    
    

    
3
900
3
237
    
    

    
9
209
10
790
(1
581
    

Gain on disposal of
    property and equipment
    
    
    
    

Total
    operating expenses
12
743
14
012
(1
269
    

    
(8
186
(9
953
1
767
    

    
(1
089
    
    
    

    
    
(2
670
2
298
    

Loss from discontinued
    operations
    
(3
777
3
564
    

    
(9
860
(16
908
7
048
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
035
7
252
(2
217
    


Year
Ended December 31
 2020 Compared to the Year Ended December 31
 2019 

Our
sales for the year ended December 31
 2020 increased to $14.8 million
 or approximately 21%
 from $12.2 million for the year ended December
31

 2020 and 2019
 and
excludes the retail tasting room and Redneck Riviera sales that have been classified as discontinued operations:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
900
    
2
653
    

    
8
766
    
8
427
    

    
    
    
1
113
    

    
14
782
    
12
193
    


Our

sales increased primarily due to the acquisition of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila in September 2019
 which accounted for $1.7 million increase
over last year as well as a $0.2 million increase in Portland Potato Vodka brand sales. Our canning and bottling revenue increased year
over year
 which has benefited from a shift in consumer preferences to consume alcohol at home rather than at on-premise locations. This
was a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and was also offset by lower co-packing and mobile bottling sales. 


    
    


Customer
programs and excise taxes 

Customer
programs and excise taxes for the year ended December 31
 2020 increased to $1.1 million
 or approximately 87%
 from $0.6 million for
the year ended December 31
 2019. The increase was attributable to higher excise taxes and broker commissions due to increased sales.

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing and/or service labor and overhead
warehousing rent
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 cost of sales increased to $9.2 million
or approximately 21%
 from $7.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2019 in line with the increase in sales.

Gross
Profit

Gross
profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of products sold from net sales. Gross margin is gross profits stated as a percentage of
net sales.

The
following table compares our gross profit and gross margin for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    

    
4
557
4
059

    
    
    


Gross
Margin 

Our
for the year ended
December 31
the year ended December 31

primarily due to a change in product and services mix
 higher raw material costs
 and unabsorbed manufacturing overhead related to lower
wholesale production levels. Our goal is to improve our overall gross margin by increasing the efficiencies and reducing the footprint
of our production facility as well as evaluate the materials in our finished goods by looking to create economies of scale by creating
consistency of the dry goods across our brands. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses 

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020 increased to $3.9 million
 or approximately 20%
 from $3.2 million for the
year ended December 31
 2019. This increase was primarily due to a $1.2 million increase in sales and marketing compensation related
to the increased headcount from the acquisition of the Azu&ntilde;ia tequila brand.

General
and Administrative Expenses

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020 decreased to $9.2 million
 or approximately 15%
 from $10.8 million
for the year ended December 31
 2019. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in compensation and benefits
 legal and professional
fees and rent
 insurance and other miscellaneous general and administrative costs; offset by higher non-cash expenses related to depreciation
and amortization from the Craft Canning acquisition and leasehold improvements to our production facility.

Other
Expenses 

Total
other expenses
 net was $1.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2020 compared to $3.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2019
an increase of 54%. This increase was primarily due to higher interest expense on increased notes payable
 a secured line of credit
and accounts receivable factoring programs; and the write-off of services for branding products in 2020; as well as a revaluation of
the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila acquisition in 2019.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Our
primary capital requirements are for cash used in operating activities
 the financing of inventories
 and financing acquisitions. Funds
for our cash and liquidity needs have historically not been generated from operations but rather from short-term credit in the form of
extended payment terms from suppliers as well as from convertible debt and equity financings.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we incurred a net loss of $9.9 million and $16.9 million
 respectively
 and had an accumulated
deficit of approximately $54.1 million as of December 31
 2020. We have been dependent on raising capital from debt and equity financings
and utilization of our inventory to meet our needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December 31
 2020
we raised approximately $3.4 million in additional capital through equity and debt financing (net of repayments). See Notes 10 and 11
to our financial statements for a description of our debt. In addition
 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 we consumed $1.8 million
of our inventories.

To
help ensure adequate liquidity in light of uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic
 we applied for and received a loan of $1.4 million
On
January 29
 2021
 the Small Business Administration (&ldquo;SBA&rdquo;) notified us that it approved our request for full forgiveness
of the PPP loan in the principal amount of $1.4 million. As a result of the SBA&rsquo;s decision to approve our request for forgiveness
the SBA paid the entire outstanding balance of the PPP loan of $1.4 million
 which is now considered paid in full.

On
May 13
 2020
 Live Oak Banking Company (the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) notified the Company that it was in technical default under certain
covenants in a loan agreement
 dated January 15
 2020
 between the Company
 Motherlode LLC
 Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
 Craft Canning
+ Bottling LLC
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co.
 LLC
 Outlandish Beverages LLC
 and Live Oak Bank (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Those
technical defaults included the failure to timely deliver information and its belief that we owed certain taxes and did not relate to
any failure to pay amounts owing under the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement provides that upon an event of default
 the Lender may
at its option
 declare the entire loan to be immediately due and payable. Further
 a default interest rate may apply on all obligations
during the existence of an event of default at a per annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interstate. On June 3
 2020 the Company
entered into a Second Modification to Loan Agreement (&ldquo;Modification&rdquo;) with the Lender agreeing to waive the technical defaults
upon the satisfaction of certain conditions by September 30
 2020. The Company complied with these conditions and was compliant with
the terms of the Loan Agreement and Modification as of December 31
 2020.

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had approximately $0.8 million of cash on hand with a negative working capital of $17.3 million. Our ability
to meet our ongoing operating cash needs over the next 12 months depends on reducing our operating costs
 raising additional debt or
equity capital
 selling assets and generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth
and controlling expenses. We intend to implement actions to improve profitability
 by managing expenses while continuing to increase
sales. See Notes 10 and 11 to our financial statements for a description of our debt and the debt financing initiatives completed during
2020. If we are unable to obtain additional financing
 or additional financing is not available on acceptable terms
 we may seek to sell
assets
 reduce operating expenses
 reduce or eliminate marketing initiatives
 and take other measures that could impair our ability to
be successful.

Our
cash flow related information for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


Operating
Activities

Total
cash used from operating activities was $3.0 million in 2020 compared to $9.1 million in 2019. The decrease in cash usage can be primarily

 and improved
management of receivables and prepayments of $0.6 million
 which was offset by $0.8 million used in reducing operating liabilities. 

Investing
Activities

Cash
used in investing activities consists primarily of acquisitions and purchases of property and equipment. We incurred capital expenditures
of $0.5 million and $2.2 million in 2020 and 2019

totaled $0.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2020. Net cash used in the acquisition of Craft Canning for the year ended December
31
 2019 was $1.4 million. 

Financing
Activities

Net
cash flows provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31
 2020 primarily consisted of $6.3 million of proceeds from
the establishment of a new secured credit facility
 offset by $3.0 million repayment and termination of the existing secured credit facility
and $1.8 million in debt repayments
 $1.4 million of proceeds from the Paycheck Protection Program and $0.4 million in proceeds from
borrowing on an existing line of credit with our bank. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 our operating losses and working capital
needs were primarily funded by issuance of common stock totaling $1.3 million.



In
August 2020
 we entered into discussions with Intersect Beverage
 LLC (&ldquo;Intersect&rdquo;) and TQLA
 LLC (&ldquo;TQLA&rdquo;)
to address potential changes to the deferred consideration for the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila acquisition and received a deposit of
$0.3 million in cash. In the fourth quarter of 2020
 Intersect and TQLA sent us an additional deposit bringing the total outstanding
amount deposited to $0.7 million. Subsequent to December 31
 2020
 the full deposit of $0.7 million was repaid. Eastside Distilling
has not reached agreement with Intersect and TQLA to make any substantial changes to the deferred consideration for the
Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila acquisition.

Lines
of Credit

During
2019
 we entered into a Factoring Agreement with ENGS Commercial Capital
 LLC that provides for a minimum of $0.5 million purchased accounts
receivable and a maximum of $2.0 million purchased accounts receivable. The advance rate is 85%
 and interest is charged against the
greater of $0.5 million or the total funds advanced at a rate of 5% plus the prime rate published in the Wall Street Journal. The Company
factored $3.8 million of invoices during the year ended December 31
 2020. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had $0.1 million factored
invoices outstanding.

Since
2019
 we utilized an existing accounts receivable factoring line of credit with Park Street Financial Services
 LLC. The advance rate
is 75%
 and interest is charged at a rate of 2.4% for the first 30 days plus 1.44% for each additional ten-day period. The Company factored
$4.1 million of invoices during the year ended December 31
 2020. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had $0.1 million factored invoices
outstanding.

Inventory
Line

In
January 2020
 we and our subsidiaries entered into a loan agreement with Live Oak Banking Company (&ldquo;Live Oak&rdquo;) for a loan
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the lesser of (i) $8.0 million and (ii) a borrowing base of up to 85% of the appraised
value of the borrowers&rsquo; eligible inventory of whisky in barrels or totes less an amount equal to all service fees or rental payments
owed by borrowers during the 90 day period immediately succeeding the date of determination to any warehouses or bailees holding eligible
inventory (the &ldquo;Live Oak Loan&rdquo;). The Live Oak Loan is secured by all assets of the Company excluding accounts receivable
and certain other specified excluded property. The Live Oak Loan bears interest at a variable rate of interest equal to (i) two and 49/100ths
percent (2.49%) per annum plus (ii) the Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal
 adjusted on a calendar quarterly basis. Interest
is payable monthly. Additionally
 the Company issued to Live Oak 100
000 warrants to purchase common stock at an initial exercise price
of $3.94 per share. The proceeds of the Live Oak Loan were used to pay off all principal and accrued interest under the TQLA Note of
$0.9 million and all principal and interest under loan issued pursuant to that Credit and Security Agreement
 by and between the Company
and The KFK Children&rsquo;s Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &ndash; Trustee of $3.0 million. As of December 31
 2020
 the balance of the Live
Oak Loan was $6.5 million and has been fully drawn upon.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
discussion and analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial
statements
 which have been prepared in accordance with United States. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenues and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management
for changes in facts and circumstances
 and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. The more judgmental estimates
are summarized below. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known. The Company bases its estimates on
historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
sales includes product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the

with Customers
the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when
each performance obligation is satisfied.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment
sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the
consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment
of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of
shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than
customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales
from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail locations are recognized at the time of sale.

Sales
received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred until
the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.

Customer
Programs 

Customer
programs
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives
 and broker commissions
 are a common practice in
the alcoholic beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and
to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net sales


the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $1.0 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&ldquo;TTB&rdquo;) regulations
 which includes
making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also
impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced
and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $0.1 million and $0 million for the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
 packaging
and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and production
costs.

Sales
and Marketing Expenses

The
following expenses are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising
costs
 promotional costs of value-added packaging
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand
and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.

General
and Administrative Expenses

The
following expenses are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: salary
and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for executive and administrative staff
 rent and utilities
 professional fees
insurance
 and amortization and depreciation expense. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company
had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.



Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. As of December
31
 2020
 one distributor represented 14% of trade receivables. As of December 31
 2019
 two distributors represented 40% of trade receivables.
Sales to one distributor accounted for 18% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31
 2020. Sales to one distributor accounted
for 16% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31
 2019.



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk spirits
 packaging supplies
 and finished goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
using an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of our finished
goods inventory is held by certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors
inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated
forecast of product demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the
grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally
the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates
the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments at the end of each reporting period and as the underlying
stock-based awards vest. Net stock-based compensation was $1.3 million and $0.7 million in 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Table
of Contents



    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error
or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating
the critical audit matters below
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate.

Evaluation
of Intangible Assets

As
discussed in Note 4
 the Company acquired two entities during 2019 accounted for as business combinations
 which required assets and
liabilities assumed to be measured at their acquisition date fair values. At each reporting period
 certain intangible assets are required
to be assessed annually for impairment based on the facts and circumstances at that time. Auditing management&rsquo;s evaluation of intangible
assets can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates on future revenues and expenses which
are not easily able to be substantiated.

Given
these factors and due to significant judgements made by management
 the related audit effort in evaluating management&rsquo;s judgments
in evaluation of intangible assets required a high degree of auditor judgment.

The
procedures performed included evaluation of the methods and assumptions used by the Company
 tests of the data used and an evaluation
of the findings. We evaluated and tested the Company&rsquo;s significant judgments that determine the impairment evaluation of goodwill
and intangible assets.

Lack
of Going Concern Paragraph

Due to the net loss and negative cash flows from operations for the year
 the Company evaluated
the need for a going concern.

Auditing
management&rsquo;s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management estimates
on future revenues and expenses which are not able to be easily substantiated.

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the lack of going concern paragraph in our audit opinion
 we examined and evaluated the financial information
that was the initial cause for this consideration along with management&rsquo;s plans to mitigate the going concern.



/s/
    M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC

    

We
    have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.

    

Houston
                                            TX
March
        31
 2021




    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Balance Sheets
December
31
 2020 and 2019
(Dollars
in thousands
 except share and per share)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Trade receivables
 net
    
1
324

    
6
728
7
140

Prepaid expenses and current
    assets
    
    

Current
    assets held for sale
3
833
5
266

    
12
841
14
470

Property and equipment
 net
3
109
4
687

    
1
270
    

Intangible assets
 net
14
038
14
675

    
    
    

Other assets
 net
    
1
065

Non-current assets held
    for sale
    
    

Total
    Assets
31
732
35
866

    
    
    

Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity (Deficit)
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
864
2
322

    
1
452
    

    
    
    

Secured trade credit facility
    net of debt issuance costs
6
405
    

Current portion of deferred
    consideration for Azu&ntilde;ia acquisition
15
452
    

Other current liabilities
    related party
    
    

Current portion of notes
    payable
3
830
1
819

Current portion of lease
    liabilities
    
    

Current
    liabilities held for sale
    
    

    
30
259
6
137

Lease liabilities
 net of current portion
    
    

Secured trade credit facility
 net of debt
    issuance costs
    
2
962

    
    
15
452

Notes payable
 net of current portion and debt
    discount
1
693
3
594

Non-current liabilities
    held for sale
    
    

Total
    liabilities
32
840
28
533

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.0001 par value; 15
000
000
    shares authorized; 10
382
015 and 9
675
028 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    

    
52
985
51
566

Accumulated
    deficit
(54
094
(44
234

Total
    Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
(1
108
7
333

Total
    Liabilities and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
31
732
35
866


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Operations
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
(Dollars
and shares in thousands
 except per share)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
782
12
193

Less customer programs
    and excise taxes
1
061
    

    
13
721
11
626

    
9
164
7
567

Gross
    profit
4
557
4
059

    
    
    

    
3
900
3
237

General and administrative
    expenses
9
209
10
790

Gain
    on disposal of property and equipment
    
    

Total
    operating expenses
12
743
14
012

Loss
    from operations
(8
186
(9
953

Other income (expense)
 net
    
    

    
(1
089
    

Other
    expense
    
(2
670

Total
    other expense
 net
(1
461
(3
178

    
(9
647
(13
131

Provision for income
    taxes
    
    

Net
    loss from continuing operations
(9
647
(13
131

Net loss from discontinued
    operations
    
(3
777

Net
    loss
(9
860
(16
908

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted net loss per common share
    
    

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
10
027
9
276


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Stockholder&rsquo;s Equity (Deficit)
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
(Dollars
and shares in thousands)



    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
                                            Stockholders&rsquo;

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2018
8
764
    
45
890
(27
139
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;18
752

    
    
    
1
262
    
1
262

Issuance of common stock for services by third
    parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
056
    
1
056

Issuance of common stock for purchase Craft
    Canning + Bottling
 LLC
    
    
2
080
    
2
080

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss attributable
    to common shareholders
    
    
    
(16
908
(16
908

Balance
 December 31
    2019
9
675
    
51
566
(44
234
7
333

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for services by third
    parties
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss attributable
    to common shareholders
    
    
    
(9
860
(9
860

Balance
 December 31
    2020
10
382
    
52
985
(54
094
(1
108


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
(Dollars
in thousands)



    
    
    

Cash Flows From Operating
    Activities:
    
    

    
(9
860
(16
908

    
    
3
777

Adjustments to reconcile
    net loss to net cash used in operating activities
    
    

Impairment of intangible
    assets
    
    

    
2
286
1
690

    
    
    

    
    
    

Loss on remeasurement of
    deferred consideration
    
2
670

Amortization of debt issuance
    costs
    
    

Issuance of common stock
    in exchange for services for related parties
    
1
056

Issuance of common stock
    in exchange for services for third parties
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Prepaid expenses and other
    assets
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    lease liabilities
    
    

    
(3
936
(4
661

Net cash provided by
    (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations
    
(4
468

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(3
006
(9
129

Cash Flows From Investing
    Activities:
    
    

Acquisition of businesses
    net of cash acquired
    
(1
450

Proceeds from sale of fixed
    assets
    
    

Purchases
    of property and equipment
    
(2
177

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
    of continuing operations
    
(3
627

Net cash provided by
    investing activities of discontinued operations
    
    

Net
    cash provided by (used in) investing activities
    
(3
627

Cash Flows From Financing
    Activities:
    
    

    
    
1
262

    
    
    

Proceeds from secured trade
    credit facility
6
337
    

    
1
901
1
769

Payments of principal on
    secured trade credit facility
(3
000
    

Payments
    of principal on notes payable
(1
876
    

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
3
362
2
458

Net increase (decrease)
    in cash
    
(10
298

Cash
    at the beginning of the period
    
10
641

Cash
    at the end of the period
    
    

    
    
    

Supplemental Disclosure
    of Cash Flow Information
    
    

Cash paid during the year
    for interest
    
    

Cash paid for amounts included
    in measurement of lease liabilities
    
    

    
    
    

Supplemental Disclosure
    of Non-Cash Financing Activity
    
    

Warrants issued in relation
    to secured trade credit facility
    
    

Deferred consideration
    for the acquisition of Azu&ntilde;ia
    
12
871

Fixed assets acquired through
    financing
    
    

Right-of-use assets obtained
    in exchange for lease obligations
1
189
1
257


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

1.
Description of Business

Eastside
Distilling (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Eastside Distilling) was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 2004 under the name
of Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. In December 2014
 the Company changed its corporate name to Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC. The Company manufactures
 acquires
 blends
 bottles
 imports
 exports
 markets and sells a wide variety
of alcoholic beverages under recognized brands. The Company currently employ 78 people in the United States.

The
Company&rsquo;s brands span several alcoholic beverage categories
 including whiskey
 vodka
 gin
 rum
 tequila and Ready-to-Drink (RTD).
The Company sells products on a wholesale basis to distributors in open states
 and brokers in control states
 and until March 2020
operated four retail tasting rooms in Portland
 Oregon to market our brands directly to consumers. The Company operates a mobile craft
canning and bottling business (&ldquo;Craft Canning&rdquo;) that primarily services the craft beer and craft cider business. Craft Canning
operates 11 mobile lines in Seattle
 Portland and Denver.

2.
Liquidity 

Historically
the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through operating cash flow
 convertible notes
 extended credit terms
 and equity
financings. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $9.9 million and $16.9 million
respectively
 and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $54.1 million as of December 31
 2020. The Company has been dependent on
raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December
31
 2020
 the Company raised approximately $3.4 million in additional capital through equity and debt financing (net of repayments).

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had $0.8 million of cash on hand with a negative working capital of $17.3 million. The Company&rsquo;s
ability to meet its ongoing operating cash needs over the next 12 months depends on reducing operating costs
 raising additional debt
or equity capital and generating positive operating cash flow
 primarily through increased sales
 improved profit growth and controlling
expenses. The Company intends to implement actions to improve profitability
 by managing expenses while continuing to increase sales.
Additionally
 the Company is seeking to leverage its large inventory balances and accounts receivable balance to help satisfy its working
capital needs over the next 12 months. See Notes 10
 11 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the Company&rsquo;s
debt and the debt refinancing initiatives completed in the first quarter of 2021. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing
or additional financing is not available on acceptable terms
 the Company may seek to sell assets
 reduce operating expenses or reduce
or eliminate marketing initiatives
 and take other measures that could impair its ability to be successful.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


3.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside
Distilling
 Inc.&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries
 including
 MotherLode LLC
 Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
 Outlandish Beverages LLC
LLC
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co.
 LLC
 and Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC (beginning as of January 11
 2019) and the Azu&ntilde;ia tequila
assets (beginning September 12
 2019). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business
activity
 packaging
 producing
 marketing and distributing alcoholic beverages and operates as one segment. The Company&rsquo;s chief
operating decision makers
 its chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 review the Company&rsquo;s operating results on an
aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Net
sales include product sales
 less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the following
:
(1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price;
(4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation
is satisfied.

The
Company recognizes sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment
sale). For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the
consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment
of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of
shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s
shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than
customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales.

Customer
Programs 

Customer
programs
 which include customer promotional discount programs
 customer incentives
 and broker commissions
 are a common practice in
the alcoholic beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and
to maintain competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net sales


the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $1.0 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Excise
Taxes

The
Company is responsible for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&ldquo;TTB&rdquo;) regulations
 which includes
making timely and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also
impose excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced
and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $0.1 million and $0 million for the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Cost
of Sales

Cost
of sales consists of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 manufacturing labor and overhead
 warehousing rent
packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by packaging and
production costs.

Sales
and Marketing Expenses

The
following expenses are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising
costs
 promotional costs of value-added packaging
 salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for the sales
 brand
and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.

General
and Administrative Expenses

The
following expenses are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations:
salary and benefit expenses
 travel and entertainment expenses for executive and administrative staff
 rent and utilities
 professional
fees
 insurance
 and amortization and depreciation expense. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the
grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
 which is generally
the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which estimates
the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility
 expected
terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded
at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments at the end of each reporting period and as the underlying
stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $0.3 million and $0.7 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Discontinued
Operations

The

of Financial Statements &ndash; Discontinued Operations
shift.

On
December 31
 2019
 management made a strategic shift to focus the Company&rsquo;s sales and marketing efforts on the nationally branded
product platform
 resulting in the decision to close all four of its retail stores in the Portland
 Oregon area. Although this decision
meets the criteria (1) and (3) for reporting discontinued operations
 it did not meet the (2) Held for sale criteria until the retail
stores were closed or abandoned
 which occurred by March 31
 2020.

On
October 29
 2020
 the Company announced its intent to divest its Redneck Riviera Spirits business. The Company signed a non-binding term
sheet between Eastside and Rich Marks
 LLC
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co
 LLC (&ldquo;RRWC&rdquo;)
 John D. Rich Tisa Trust and Redneck
Spirits Group
 LLC (collectively the buyers referred to as &ldquo;RSG&rdquo;) whereby RSG would pay a termination fee as well as purchase
certain assets from the Company which could include raw materials and finished goods. The total consideration was estimated to be $8.1
million inclusive of a $3 million dollar termination fee and the remainder of proceeds from selling RSG raw materials and finished goods.
The divesture is subject to negotiation and execution of definitive agreements. On February 8
 2021
 the Company completed the sale of
its Redneck Riviera Spirits business.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

As
of and for the year ended December 31
 2020
 the assets
 liabilities
 revenue
 expenses and cash flows from retail operations and the
RRWC business have been classified as discontinued operations separately from continuing operations. For comparative purposes
 prior
period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

Income
and expense related to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows for the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019:



(Dollars
    in thousands)
    
    

    
2
195
4
829

Less customer programs
    and excise taxes
    
    

    
1
763
3
971

    
1
142
2
572

    
    
1
399

    
    
    

    
    
4
264

General and administrative
    expenses
    
    

Loss
    on disposal of property and equipment
    
    

    
    
5
160

    
    
(3
761

Other expense
 net
    
    

Interest
    expense
    
    

Total
    other expense
 net
    
    

    
    
(3
777


Assets
and liabilities related to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows as of December 31
2020 and 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
833
5
253

Prepaid
    expenses and current assets
    
    

    
3
833
5
266

Property and equipment
 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total
    Assets
4
022
5
629

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Current
    portion of lease liability
    
    

    
    
    

Lease liability - less
    current portion
    
    

Total
    Liabilities
    
    



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
equivalents are considered to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company
had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.



Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. As of December
31
 2020
 one distributor represented 14% of trade receivables. As of December 31
 2019
 two distributors represented 40% of trade receivables.
Sales to one distributor accounted for 18% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31
 2020. Sales to one distributor accounted
for 16% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31
 2019.

Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement
presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. As of December 31
 2020
and 2019
 management has not elected to report any of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the &ldquo;fair value
option&rdquo; provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair
value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets
and liabilities under GAAP&rsquo;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    
Level
    1:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using cash or unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset
    or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in
    active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement and reflect
    management&rsquo;s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.


None
of the Company&rsquo;s assets or liabilities were measured at fair value as of December 31
 2020 or 2019. However
 GAAP requires the
disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally
of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 convertible note payable and the secured credit facility.
The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the
short period of time to their maturities. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s notes are payable at fixed rates and
their carrying value approximates fair value.

Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis

Certain
assets and liabilities acquired in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.


    
    


Eastside
Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



Inventories
primarily consist of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
an average costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by
certain independent distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities
on hand and records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product
demand and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory.

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed
using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related
accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any
gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

Intangible
Assets / Goodwill

The
Company accounts for certain intangible assets at cost. Management reviews these intangible assets for probable impairment whenever events
or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
 management
would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset
and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
 an impairment loss would be recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company performed a qualitative assessment of certain of its intangible assets
as of December 31
 2020 and determined that they were not impaired.

Long-lived
Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets
 including certain intangible assets
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets
for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If
there is an indication of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges)
expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying
amount of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company performed
a qualitative assessment of certain of its intangible assets as of December 31
 2020 and determined that they were not impaired.

Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &ldquo;asset and liability
method&rdquo; for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets
or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.

As
changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A
valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
the Company established valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Income
tax positions that meet the &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax
benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for
unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that
would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized
income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

The
Company files federal income tax returns in the United States. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject
to examinations by the related tax authorities for the Company&rsquo;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2013.

Comprehensive
Income

The
Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income items for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Accounts
Receivable Factoring Program

The
Company has entered into two accounts receivable factoring programs. One for its spirits customers (the &ldquo;spirits program&rdquo;)
and another for its co-packing customers (the &ldquo;co-packing program&rdquo;). Under the programs
 the Company has the option to sell
certain customer account receivables in advance of payment for 75% (spirits program) or 85% (co-packing program) of the amount due. When
the customer remits payment
 the Company receives the remaining balance. For the spirits program
 interest is charged on the advanced
75% payment at a rate of 2.4% for the first 30 days plus 1.44% for each additional ten-day period. For the co-packing program
 interest
is charged against the greater of $0.5 million or the total funds advanced at a rate of 5% plus the prime rate published in the
Wall Street Journal. Under the terms of both agreements
 the factoring provider has full recourse against the Company should the customer
fail to pay the invoice. In accordance with ASC Topic 860 &ndash; 
 the Company has concluded that these
agreements have met all three conditions identified in ASC Topic 860-10-40-5 (a) &ndash; (c) and have accounted for this activity as
a sale. Given the quality of the factored accounts
 the Company has not recognized a recourse obligation. In certain limited instances
the Company may provide collection services on the factored accounts but does not receive any fees for acting as the collection agent
and as such
 the Company has not recognized a service obligation asset or liability. The Company factored $7.9 million of invoices and
incurred $0.2 million in fees associated with the factoring programs during the year ended December 31
 2020. As of December 31
 2020
the Company had $0.2 million factored invoices outstanding.

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In
January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04


impairment test. Current guidance requires that companies compute the implied fair value of goodwill under Step 2 by performing procedures
to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities following the procedure that would be required
in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. ASU 2017-04 will require companies
to perform annual or interim goodwill impairment tests by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognize
an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit&rsquo;s fair value. However
 the loss recognized
should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 and will be applied prospectively. Early adoption of this
standard is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 as of January 1
 2020. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU 2017-04
had any material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

4.
Business Acquisitions

During
the fiscal year 2019
 the Company completed the following acquisitions:

Craft
Canning + Bottling

On
January 11
 2019
 the Company completed the acquisition of Craft Canning &amp; Bottling
 LLC (&ldquo;Craft Canning&rdquo;)
 a Portland
Oregon-based provider of bottling and canning services. The Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31
 2019 include Craft Canning&rsquo;s results of operations from the acquisition date of January 11
 2019 through December 31
 2019.
The Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC Topic
805 - 
 whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon
their estimated fair values on the acquisition date.

The
following allocation of the purchase price was as follows:



    
    

    
    

338
212 shares of common stock
    valued at $6.10 per share
2
080

    
2
003

Notes
    payable
    

    
4
845

    
    

    
    

    
    

Trade receivables
 net
    

Inventories
 net
    

Property and equipment
    net
1
839

    
    

Intangible assets - customer
    list
2
895

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Notes
    payable
    

    
4
845


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the
customer list intangible asset was determined through the use of the income approach
 specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period
excess earning methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&rsquo;s
estimates of future cash flows
 discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital for
both the Company and other market participants
 projected customer attrition rates
 as well as applicable royalty rates for comparable
assets. The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the tangible assets
that are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The customer relationships estimated useful life is seven
years.

The
Company incurred Craft Canning-related acquisition costs of $0.1 million during the year ended December 31
 2019 that have been recorded
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The results of the Craft Canning acquisition are
included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition through December 31
 2019. The revenue and net income
(including transaction costs) of Craft Canning operations included in the consolidated statements of operations were $7.1 million and
$0.4 million
 respectively
 for the period from January 11
 2019 through December 31
 2019.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Azu&ntilde;ia
Tequila

On
September 12
 2019
 the Company completed the acquisition of the Azu&ntilde;ia brand
 the direct sales team
 existing product inventory
supply chain relationships and contractual agreements from Intersect Beverage
 LLC (&ldquo;Intersect&rdquo;)
 an importer and distributor
of tequila and related products. The Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2019
include the Azu&ntilde;ia assets and results of operations. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Azu&ntilde;ia results of operations
are included from the acquisition date of September 12
 2019 through December 31
 2019.

The
acquisition was structured as an all-stock transaction
 provided that the Company may
 at its election
 pay a portion of the consideration
in cash or by executing a three-year promissory note if the issuance of stock would require the Company to hold a vote of its stockholders
under the applicable Nasdaq rules. Subject to compliance with applicable Nasdaq rules
 the initial consideration
 will be payable approximately
18 months following the closing and will consist of 850
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a stipulated value of $6.00
per share
 350
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock based on the Company&rsquo;s stock price twelve months after the close
of the transaction
 and additional shares based on the Azu&ntilde;ia business achieving certain revenue targets and the Company&rsquo;s
stock price 18 months after the close of the transaction. The Company has also agreed to issue additional stock consideration (subject
to compliance with applicable Nasdaq rules) of up to $1.5 million upon the Azu&ntilde;ia business achieving revenue of at least $9.45
million in the period commencing on the 13th month following the closing and ending on the 24th month following the closing.

The
Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC Topic 805
whereby the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The Company
estimated the purchase price based on weighted probabilities of future results and recorded deferred consideration payable of $12.8 million
on the acquisition date that will be remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingencies are resolved
 with the changes
in fair value recognized in earnings. The Company remeasured the deferred consideration payable for the period ended December 31
 2019
and increased the liability by $2.7 million to a balance of $15.5 million. No adjustment was made to the deferred consideration payable
for the period ended December 31
 2020.

The
following allocation of the purchase price was as follows:



    
    

    
    

Deferred
    consideration payable
12
781

    
12
781

    
    

    
    

Inventories
 net
    

Intangible
    assets - brand
11
945

    
12
781


Intangible
assets are recorded at estimated fair value
 as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the
brand intangible asset was determined through the use of the market approach. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated
identifiable intangible asset value included category averages for comparable acquisitions
 including multiples of annual sales and dollars
per case sold. The brand has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.

The
Company incurred Azu&ntilde;ia-related acquisition costs of $0.2 million during the year ended December 31
 2019 that have been recorded
in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The results of the Azu&ntilde;ia asset acquisition
are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition through December 31
 2019. The sales of Azu&ntilde;ia
products included in the consolidated statements of operations were $1.1 million for the period from September 12
 2019 through December
31
year ended December 31
 

Pro
Forma Financial Information

The
following unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31
 2019 assume that both acquisitions of
Craft Canning &amp; Bottling and Azu&ntilde;ia were completed on January 1
 2019:



(Dollars in thousands
 except per share
    amounts)
    

    
19
868

    
(20
350

Pro forma basic and
    diluted net loss per share
    



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Pro
forma sales and net loss exclude retail and the Redneck spirits business operations that have been classified as discontinued operations.
Pro forma data does not purport to be indicative of the results that would have been obtained had these events actually occurred at the
beginning of the periods presented and is not intended to be a projection of future results. The share and per share data have been retroactively
reflected for the acquisitions.

5.
Inventories

Inventories
consisted of the following as of December 31:



    
    
    

    
5
455
5
608

    
1
273
1
532

    
6
728
7
140


6.
Property and Equipment

Property
and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31:



    
    
    

    
4
363
4
464

    
1
637
1
654

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
824
6
906

    
(3
715
(2
219

Total property and equipment
    net
3
109
4
687


Purchases
of property and equipment totaled $0.5 million and $2.2 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Depreciation
expense totaled $1.7 million and $1.2 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company disposed of fixed assets with a net book value of $0.5 million resulting in a gain on the
disposal of fixed assets of $0.4 million. As a result of these disposals
 the Company received funds of $0.6 million from the sales of
the disposed assets. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company disposed of fixed assets with a net book value of $0.5 million
resulting in a gain on the disposal of fixed assets of $0.

7.
Intangible Assets and Goodwill

Intangible
assets and goodwill consisted of the following as of December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
11
945
11
945

    
2
895
3
247

    
    
    

    
14
865
15
245

    
    
    

Intangible assets and
    goodwill
 net
14
038
14
703


Amortization
expense totaled $0.5 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The permits and license and
Azu&ntilde;ia brand have all been determined to have indefinite life and will not be amortized. The customer list is being amortized
over a seven-year life. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 it was determined that the customer list associated with the MotherLode
LLC acquisition no longer had value and was written off. The net value of the MotherLode
 LLC customer list at the time of the write
down was $0.2 million.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

8.
Other Assets

Other
assets consisted of the following as of December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
197

    
    
    

Other assets
 net
    
1
065


During
2020
 it was determined that certain costs related to branding services previously capitalized had no further value and were written
off. The net value of these services at the time of the write down was $0.4 million. The remaining deposits of $0.1 million represent
office and retail space lease deposits. In September 2020
 the Company had received the remaining balance of the notes receivable from
Wineonline.com.

Amortization
expense totaled $0.1 million for both years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

9.
Leases

The
Company has various lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment. Terms of these leases include
 in some instances
 scheduled
rent increases
 renewals
 purchase options and maintenance costs
 and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates
through 2025. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company does not currently have any finance leases.
As the rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable
 the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information
available at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized
at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
(&ldquo;short-term leases&rdquo;) are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
In September 2020
 the Company entered into two new lease agreements for canning and bottling production facilities in Seattle and Denver.
Both leases contain fixed payments that increase over the term of their respective agreement. As of December 31
 2020
 the amount of
right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were $1.3 million and $1.3 million
 respectively. Aggregate lease expense for the year ended
December 31
 2020 was $0.8 million
 consisting of $0.5 million in operating lease expense for lease liabilities and $0.3 million in short-term
lease cost.

Maturities
of lease liabilities as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:



(Dollars
    in thousands)
Operating
    Leases
Weighted-Average
    Remaining Term in Years

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
514
    

Less
    imputed interest (based on 6.6% weighted- average discount rate)
    
    

Present
    value of lease liability
1
332
    



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

10.
Notes Payable

Notes
payable consisted of the following as of December 31:



    
    
    

Notes payable bearing interest
    at 5.00%. The notes&rsquo; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2021. Interest is paid monthly.
2
300
2
300

Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%.
    The notes&rsquo; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start
    of loan. To help ensure adequate liquidity in light of uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic
 the Company received this loan
    under the Small Business Administration&rsquo;s (&ldquo;SBA&rdquo;) Paycheck Protection Program (&ldquo;PPP&rdquo;).
1
052
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%.
    The notes&rsquo; principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1
 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start
    of loan. The Company received this loan under the SBA&rsquo;s PPP.
    
    

Convertible note payable bearing interest
    at 9.00%. The note principal
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due December 31
 2020. The note has a voluntary conversion
    feature where in the event of an equity offering of at least $1.0 million at a purchase price of at least $4.25 (subject to
    adjustment)
 the noteholder shall have the right to participate in the financing by converting all outstanding principal and accrued
    and unpaid interest on this note into the securities to be sold in the offering.
    
    

Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%.
    Principal and accrued interest is payable in six equal installments on each six-month anniversary of the issuance date of January
    11
 2019. The notes are secured by the security interests and subordinated to the Company&rsquo;s senior indebtedness.
    
    

Promissory note payable bearing interest
    of 5.2%. The note has a 46-month term with maturity in May 2023. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly
    amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Promissory note payable bearing interest
    of 4.45%. The note has a 34-month term with maturity in May 2022. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly
    amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning and includes debt covenants requiring a Current Ratio of
    1.75 to 1.00 and a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. Craft Canning must also provide annual financial statements and tax
    returns. Craft Canning was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31
 2020.
    
    

Promissory note payable under a revolving
    line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 5.5%. The note has a 12-month term with principal and accrued interest due in
    lump sum in July 2020. The borrowing limit is $0.3 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Promissory note payable under a revolving
    line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 3.25%. The note has a 15-month term with principal and accrued interest due
    in lump sum in January 2022. The borrowing limit is $0.5 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Promissory note payable bearing interest
    of 4.14%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in July 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly
    amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Promissory note payable bearing interest
    of 3.91%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in August 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a
    monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Promissory note payable bearing interest
    of 3.96%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in November 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with
    a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.
    
    

Secured line of credit promissory note for
    a revolving line of credit in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Note matures on April 15
 2020 and may be
    prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. Repayment of the Note is subject to acceleration in the event
    of an event of default. The Company may use the proceeds to purchase tequila for its Azu&ntilde;ia product line and for general corporate
    purposes
 as approved by the Holder. The obligations of the Company under the Note are secured by certain inventory of the Company
    and its subsidiaries and the Company&rsquo;s membership interests in Craft Canning. In addition
 the Note is guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s
    subsidiaries Craft Canning and Big Bottom Distilling. The Note and the accompanying guaranty restrict Craft Canning from incurring
    any new indebtedness
 other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business
 until the Note is repaid in full. The obligations
    under the Note are subordinate and junior in right and priority of payment to the Company&rsquo;s obligations under the Company&rsquo;s
    Credit and Security Agreement with the KFK Children&rsquo;s Trust dated May 10
 2018. The Note was paid in full in January 2020.
    
    

Promissory notes
    payable bearing interest between 2.99% - 3.14%. The notes have 60-month terms with maturity dates between February 2019 &ndash; June
    2020. Principal and accrued interest are paid monthly. The notes are secured by the specific vehicle underlying the loan.
    
    

    
5
523
5
413

    
(3
830
(1
819

Long-term portion
    of notes payable
1
693
3
594


The
Company paid $0.1 million and $0.2 million in interest on its notes payable during the years ended December 31
 2020 and
2019
 respectively.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Maturities
on notes payable as of December 31
 2020 were as follows:



    
    

    
3
830

    
1
370

    
    

    
    

    
5
523


11.
Secured Credit Facility

On
January 15
 2020
&rdquo;) between the Company which includes
its wholly-owned subsidiaries MotherLode LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
 Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability
company
 Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company
 Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co.
 LLC
 a Tennessee limited liability
company
 and Outlandish Beverages LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company collectively
&rdquo; and each
&rdquo;) and Live Oak Banking Company (&ldquo;Live Oak&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
to refinance existing debt of the Borrowers and to provide funding for general working capital purposes. Under the Loan Agreement
 the
Lender has committed to make up to two loan advances to the Borrowers in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the lesser of (i)
$8.0 million and (ii) a borrowing base equal to 85% of the appraised value of the Borrowers&rsquo; eligible inventory of whisky
in barrels or totes less an amount equal to all service fees or rental payments owed by the Borrowers during the 90 day period immediately
succeeding the date of determination to any warehouses or bailees holding eligible inventory (the &ldquo;

The
Loan matures on January 14
 2021 and all amounts outstanding under the Loan will become due and payable. The Lender may at any time demand
repayment of the Loan in whole or in part
 in which case the Borrowers will be obligated to repay the Loan (or portion thereof for which
repayment is demanded) within 30 days following the date of demand. The Borrowers may prepay the Loan
 in whole or in part
 at any time
without penalty or premium.

The
Loan bears interest at a rate equal to the prime rate plus a spread of 2.49%
 adjusted quarterly. Accrued interest is payable monthly
with the final installment of interest being due and payable on the Maturity Date. The Borrowers are also obligated to pay a servicing
fee
 unused commitment fee and origination fee in connection with the Loan. The Company paid $0.4 million in interest during the year
ended December 31
 2020. The balance of the Loan was $6.4 million as of December 31
 2020.

The
Loan Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that include covenants restricting each Company&rsquo;s ability to
 among
other things
 incur indebtedness
 grant liens
 dispose of assets
 merge or consolidate
 make investments
 or enter into restrictive agreements
subject to certain exceptions.

The
obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of their respective assets
 except for accounts
receivable and certain other specified excluded property.

The
Loan Agreement includes customary events of default that include among other things
 non-payment defaults
 covenant defaults
 inaccuracy
of representations and warranties
 cross default to material indebtedness
 bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and change in control defaults.
Under certain circumstances
 a default interest rate will apply on all obligations during the existence of an event of default under
the Loan Agreement at a per annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interest rate.

In
connection with the Loan Agreement
 the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase up to 100
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
&rdquo;). The Warrant expires on January 15
 2025.
In connection with the issuance of the Warrant
 the Company granted the Lender piggy-back registration rights with respect to the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
 subject to certain exceptions. On June 3
 2020
 the Company entered into a Modification
Agreement with Live Oak that made changes to the Financial Reports and Other Data Section and restated Exhibit B.

On
January 16
 2020
 in connection with the Company&rsquo;s consummation of the Loan Agreement
 Eastside repaid in full and terminated the
Secured Line of Credit Promissory Note that Eastside had issued to TQLA
&rdquo;) on November 29
 2019 (the
&rdquo;). Since Eastside repaid the TQLA Note in full prior to its maturity date
 the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
that Eastside had issued to Holder on November 29
 2019 is not be exercisable and is cancelled. No prepayment or early termination penalties
were incurred by Eastside as a result of repaying the TQLA Note. In addition
 Eastside repaid in full and terminated the $3.0 million
credit and security agreement (the &ldquo;Credit and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and between the Company and The KFK Children&rsquo;s
Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &ndash; Trustee (the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;). The Company paid $0.1 million in interest on the TQLA Note and the
Credit and Security Agreement during the first quarter of 2020.

On
May 13
 2020
 Live Oak (the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) notified the Company that it was in technical default under certain covenants in a
loan agreement
 dated January 15
 2020
 between the Company
 Motherlode LLC
 Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC
 Craft Canning + Bottling LLC
RRWC
 Outlandish Beverages LLC
 and Live Oak (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;). Those technical defaults included the failure to timely
deliver information and its belief that the Company owed certain taxes and did not relate to any failure to pay amounts owing under the
Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement provides that upon an event of default
 the Lender may
 at its option
 declare the entire loan to
be immediately due and payable. Further
 a default interest rate may apply on all obligations during the existence of an event of default
at a per annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interest rate. On June 3
 2020 the Company entered into a Second Modification
to Loan Agreement (&ldquo;Modification&rdquo;) with the Lender agreeing to waive the technical defaults upon the satisfaction of certain
conditions by September 30
 2020. The Company complied with these conditions and was compliant with the terms of the Loan Agreement and
Modification as of December 31
 2020.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

On
May 10
 2018
 the Company entered into a credit and security agreement (the &ldquo;Credit and Security Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and between
the Company and The KFK Children&rsquo;s Trust
 Jeffrey Anderson &ndash; Trustee (the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Credit and
Security Agreement
 the Lender will make loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $3.0 million (the &ldquo;Loans&rdquo;).
The Loans are secured by all of the Company&rsquo;s bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventory held in third-party storage facilities (&ldquo;Specified
Inventory&rdquo;). The Company may borrow 80% of the value of the Specified Inventory it is able to purchase under the Credit and Security
Agreement.

The
proceeds of the Loans are to be used by the Company to purchase the Specified Inventory for use in distilling and producing its spirits
products
 and for no other purpose.

The
Loans have an annual interest rate of 7.00%. The Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans
 for the period commencing
on the date each such Loan is made and continuing until each such Loan is paid in full. During 2019
 The Company paid $0.2 million in
interest on the Loans. The Company must pay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in a one-time payment on the termination date
of the Credit and Security Agreement (June 10
 2021)
 or earlier pursuant to other provisions thereof. The Company may prepay the Loans
or any portion thereof at any time
 and from time to time
 without premium or penalty. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company has borrowed
the full $3.0 million available under the agreement. The Loans were paid in full on January 30
 2020.

The
current market value of the Company&rsquo;s bulk whiskey
 bourbon and rye inventories must be at least 120% of the outstanding Loan balance.
In addition
 the Credit and Security Agreement contains other customary covenants including
 among other things
 certain restrictions
on incurring indebtedness.

12.
Income Taxes

The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The provision
(benefit) for income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 were as follows
 assuming a 21% federal effective tax rate.
The Company also has a state tax rate for Oregon
 of 6.6% for both December 31
 2020 and 2019.

The
provision of income taxes for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
(1
934
(3
390

    
    
(1
141

    
2
585
4
531

Total provision for
    income taxes
    
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

Net operating
    loss carryforwards
15
731
12
730

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    

    
16
618
13
538

    
    
    

    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
(1
431
    

    
(1
431
    

    
(15
310
(12
725

    
    
    



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $47.6 million
 to offset against
future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively.
The federal NOLs begin to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards
may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended
the Internal Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general
 if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate
change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &ldquo;Section 382 ownership change&rdquo;)
 utilization
of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (and similar state
laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&rsquo;s stock at the time of such ownership
change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations may result in expiration of a portion
of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability
of the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.

13.
Commitments and Contingencies

Legal
Matters

On
December 15
 2020
 Grover Wickersham filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon against
the Company.&nbsp; Mr. Wickersham
 the former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company
 has asserted causes of action for
fraud in the inducement
 breach of contract
 breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing
 defamation
 interference
with economic advantage
 elder financial abuse
 and dissemination of false and misleading proxy materials&nbsp; The Company disputes
the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously.

The
Company is not currently subject to any other material legal proceedings; however
 it could be subject to legal proceedings
and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of its business
 or legal proceedings it considered immaterial may in the
future become material. Regardless of the outcome
 litigation can
 among other things
 be time consuming and expensive to resolve
and can divert management resources.

14.
Net Loss per Common Share

Basic
loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the sum of the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially
dilutive securities consist of the incremental common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and convertible notes. Potentially
dilutive securities are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. There were no dilutive common shares as of December
31
 2020 and 2019.

15.
Stockholder&rsquo;s Equity

Issuance
of Common Stock

During
2020
 the Company issued 706
987 shares of common stock to directors
 employees and consultants for stock-based compensation of $1.0
million. The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant
 within the range
of $1.08 to $3.20 per share.

During
2019
 the Company issued 291
099 shares of common stock to directors
 employees and consultants for stock-based compensation of $1.7
million. The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant
 within the range
of $3.68 to $6.13 per share.

In
September 2019
 the Company issued 280
555 units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) in connection with a private offering at a per Unit price
of $4.50 per share
 resulting in net proceeds of $1.3 million. Each Unit consists of one share of Eastside&rsquo;s common stock and a
three-year warrant to acquire 0.5 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.50 per share.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

In
April 2019
 the Company issued 1
077 shares of common stock in connection with existing option exercises at an exercise price of $3.99.

On
January 11
 2019
 the Company issued 338
212 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning for a total consideration
of $2.1 million.

Stock-Based
Compensation

On
September 8
 2016
 the Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2016 Plan&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of the plan
on January 1
 2020
 the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 2
887
005 shares
 equal to 8% of the number
of outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 calculated on an as-converted basis
 on December 31 of the preceding calendar
year
 and then added to the prior year plan amount. As of December 31
 2020
 there were 134
514 options and 1
079
039 restricted stock
units (&ldquo;RSUs&rdquo;) issued under the 2016 Plan
 with vesting schedules varying between immediate or three (3) years from the grant
date.

On
January 29
 2015
 our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2015 Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares
available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 50
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. As of December
31
 2020
 no options under the Plan remain outstanding.

The
Company also issues
 from time to time
 options that are not registered under a formal option plan. As of December 31
 2020
 there were
no options outstanding that were not issued under the Plans.

A
summary of all stock option activity at and for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 is presented below:



    
#
    of Options
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price

Outstanding as of December 31
 2018
895
858
    

    
79
000
    

    
(3
167
    

    
(187
590
    

Outstanding as of December 31
 2019
784
101
    

    
22
000
    

    
(671
587
    

Outstanding as of December 31
 2020
134
514
    

    
    
    

Exercisable as of December 31
 2020
88
222
    


The
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31
 2020 was $0 million.

As
of December 31
 2020
 there were 46
292 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $0.1 million. The unvested options
will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement
 which varies between immediate and five (5) years
from the grant date. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options as of December 31
 2020 was $0 million. During the year ended
December 31
 2020
 39
222 options vested.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock
options issued to employees is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees
are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest.

To
determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the effect
of the following:



    
    
Exercise
    price of the option

    
    
Fair
    value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of grant

    
    
Expected
    term of the option

    
    
Expected
    volatility over the expected term of the option

    
    
Risk-free
    interest rate for the expected term of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management&rsquo;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using
the simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the
vesting period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar
entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the
U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.

The
Company did not issue any additional options during the year ended December 31
 2020.

The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December
31
 2020:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2020 was $0.75. The aggregate
grant date fair value of the 22
000 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2020 was $0 million.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 net compensation expense related to stock options was $0.3 million and $0.8 million
 respectively.
As of December 31
 2020
 the total compensation expense related to stock options not yet recognized was approximately $0.1 million
 which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.35 years.



During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 100
000 common stock in connection with the Secured Credit Facility
from Live Oak. The estimated fair value of the warrants of $0.1 million was recorded as debt issuance cost and will be amortized to interest
expense over the maturity period of the secured credit facility
 with $0.1 million recorded the year ended December 31
 2020. Warrants
issued to three shareholders during 2017 and 2018 vest quarterly for three years and resulted in $0 worth of amortization expense for
the year ended December 31
 2020.

The
estimated fair value of the warrants at issuance was based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for
the public offering warrants
 and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

No
warrants were exercised during the year ended December 31
 2020.

A
summary of activity in warrants was as follows:



    
    
Weighted-Average
    Remaining Life (Years)
Weighted-Average
    Exercise Price
Aggregate
    Intrinsic Value

Outstanding as of December 31
 2019
736
559
    
    
    

    
100
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(596
281
    
    
    

Outstanding as of December 31
 2020
240
278
    
    
    


16.
Related Party Transactions

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1
 2019 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $0.1 million or
one percent (1%) of the average of total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years which was $0.3 million and in which
any related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 other than equity
 compensation
 termination and other arrangements.

On
June 11
 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s Board appointed Owen Lingley to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.
Owen Lingley is the founder of Craft Canning
 LLC
 which was acquired by the Company on January 11
 2019 and subsequently changed its
name to Craft Canning + Bottling LLC. In connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning
 Mr. Lingley received $1.8 million in cash
338
212 shares of common stock of the Company and a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.7 million which bears interest
at a rate of 5% per annum and matures on January 11
 2022. The shares acquired by Mr. Lingley in connection with the acquisition of Craft
Canning are subject to a one-year lock-up restriction and have &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; registration rights effective after the one-year
lock-up. Mr. Lingley resigned from the Board on November 18
 2019.

In
addition
 the Company also issued to Mr. Lingley a warrant to purchase 146
262 shares of common stock of the Company at $7.80 per share
and an exercise period of three years. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant will be subject to the same &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo;
registration rights as the shares received in connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning
 described above.

Following
the acquisition of Craft Canning
 Mr. Lingley became non-executive Chairman of Craft Canning and is party to a consulting agreement with
the Company. Under his consulting agreement with the Company
 Mr. Lingley receives annual cash compensation of $0.1 million per year.
Mr. Lingley resigned as non-executive Chairman of Craft Canning in January 2020
 and under the terms of his consulting agreement 146
262
warrants were cancelled.

On
October 24
 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s Board appointed Stephanie Kilkenny to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective
immediately. Stephanie Kilkenny was the former managing director of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila
 and together with her spouse
 owns and controls
TQLA
 LLC (&ldquo;TQLA&rdquo;)
 the majority owner of Intersect. In connection with the acquisition of Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila from Intersect
TQLA is entitled to receive up to 93.88% of the aggregate consideration payable under the asset purchase agreement. Subject to compliance
with applicable Nasdaq rules
 aggregate initial consideration will be payable approximately 18 months following the closing and will
consist of 850
000 shares of Company common stock at a stipulated value of $6.00 per share
 350
000 shares of Company common stock based
on the Company&rsquo;s stock price twelve months after the close of the transaction
 and additional shares based on the Azu&ntilde;ia
business achieving certain revenue targets and the Company&rsquo;s stock price 18 months after the close of the transaction. The Company
has also agreed to issue additional stock consideration (subject to compliance with applicable Nasdaq rules) of up to $1.5 million upon
the Azu&ntilde;ia business achieving revenue of at least $9.45 million in the period commencing on the 13th month following the closing
and ending on the 24th month following the closing.


    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

In
addition
 on September 16
 2019
 the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Stephanie Kilkenny&rsquo;s spouse
 Patrick J.
Kilkenny as Trustee For Patrick J. Kilkenny Revocable Trust (the &ldquo;Kilkenny Trust&rdquo;)
 in reliance on the exemption from registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder
 pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue
and sell to the Kilkenny Trust an aggregate of 55
555 units at a per unit price of $4.50. Each unit consists of one share of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock and a three-year warrant to acquire 0.5 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.50 per share.

Effective
November 29
 2019
 the Company issued to TQLA
 a California limited liability company (&ldquo;Holder&rdquo;)
 a Secured Line of Credit
Promissory Note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) for a revolving line of credit in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Note matures
on April 15
 2020 and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. Repayment of the Note is subject to
acceleration in the event of an event of default. The Company may use the proceeds to purchase tequila for its Azu&ntilde;ia product
line and for general corporate purposes
 as approved by the Holder. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company has borrowed $1.0 million on
the Note. Stephanie Kilkenny
 a director of the Company
 owns and controls TQLA with her spouse. The Company&rsquo;s Audit Committee
approved the transaction. The Note was paid in full in January 2020.

In
August 2020
 the Company entered into discussions with Intersect and TQLA to address potential changes to the deferred consideration
for the Azu&ntilde;ia acquisition and received a deposit of $0.3 million in cash. In November 2020
 Intersect and TQLA sent the Company
a second deposit bringing the total outstanding amount deposited to $0.7 million. Subsequent to December 31
 2020
 the full deposit of
$0.7 million was repaid.

The
Company believes that the foregoing transactions were in its best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
it is the Company&rsquo;s current policy that all transactions between it and its officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered
into only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or
are fair to the Company as a corporation as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the Board. The Company will continue
to conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions and potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis. The Company&rsquo;s
audit committee has the authority and responsibility to review
 approve and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related
person and any other potential conflict of interest situation on an ongoing basis
 in accordance with Company policies and procedures
in effect from time to time.

17.
Subsequent Events

Nasdaq
compliance

On
August 20
 2020
 Nasdaq notified the Company that it no longer complied with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) because its reported stockholder&rsquo;s
equity of $2.4 million as of June 30
 2020 was below the minimum stockholder&rsquo;s equity of $2.5 million set forth in the Nasdaq Listing
Rule by $0.1 million. The Company believes it has regained compliance with Nasdaq&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; equity requirement based
upon the specific transactions and events following December 31
 2020. Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company&rsquo;s ongoing compliance
with the stockholders&rsquo; equity requirement and
 if at the time of its next periodic report if the Company does not evidence compliance
the Company may be subject to delisting. The events that have enabled the Company to regain compliance with this regulation are as follows:



    
    
On
    January 29
 2021
 the SBA notified the Company that it approved the Company&rsquo;s request for full forgiveness of the PPP note
    payable in the principal amount of $1.4 million. As a result of the SBA&rsquo;s decision to approve the Company&rsquo;s request for
    forgiveness
 the SBA paid the entire outstanding balance of the PPP loan
 which is now considered paid in full and has resulted in
    an increase in stockholders&rsquo; equity of $1.4 million.



    
    


Eastside
                                            Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



    
    
On
    February 2
 2021
 RRWC entered into a Termination and Inventory Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Termination Agreement&rdquo;) with
    RSG
 pursuant to which
 on February 5
 2021
 RRWC sold all of its inventory of Redneck Riviera
 Granny Rich
 and Howdy Dew distilled
    spirits products
 including finished goods
 raw materials
 and barrel inventory
 as well as all assignable certificates of label
    approval/exemption
 branding
 permits
 and registrations relating thereto
 for $4.7 million. In addition
 Eastside terminated its
    Amended and Restated License Agreement (the &ldquo;License Agreement&rdquo;) dated May 31
 2018 by and among Eastside
 RRWC
 Rich
    Marks
 LLC
 and John D. Rich TISA Trust U/A/D March 27
 2018
 Dwight P. Miles
 Trustee in exchange for $3.0 million. In connection
    with the Termination Agreement
 the Company entered into a Supplier Agreement dated as of February 2
 2021 with RSG
 pursuant to
    which the Company will produce certain products and perform specified services for RSG for a six (6) month period on the terms and
    conditions set forth in the Supplier Agreement. The Company did not incur any penalties as a result of the termination of the License
    Agreement. 

    
    
    

    
    
On
    February 10
 2021
 the Company issued 1.2 million shares of its common stock (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) to certain affiliates
    of Intersect pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 12
 2019 by and between the Company and Intersect in
    respect of the Azu&ntilde;ia Tequila acquisition. The Shares constitute the &ldquo;Fixed Shares&rdquo; due to Intersect pursuant

    to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3
 which was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) on August 17
 2018 and declared effective by the SEC on August 29
 2018 (File No. 333-226912)
 and
    the base prospectus dated as of August 17
 2018 contained therein.


Extension
of term and reductions in debt 



    
    
On
    January 8
 2021
 the Company entered into an amendment to that certain loan agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with Live
    Oak to extend the maturity date to April 13
 2021. All other material terms of the Loan Agreement remain unchanged.

    
    
    

    
    
On
    February 5
 2021
 the Company repaid $3.4 million of the secured credit facility with Live Oak
 reducing the principal balance to
    $3.0 million at that date.

    
    
    

    
    
On
    February 5
 2021
 the Company repaid other liabilities due to Intersect and TQLA in an amount of $0.7 million. 






    
    
On
    January 22
 2021
 the Company was notified by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) that it will conduct a tax review
    of Motherlode
 LLC
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc and Big Bottom Distilling
 LLC for the period January 2019 to present. The purpose of
    the examination is to determine whether the distilled spirits plant is in compliance with certain applicable federal laws and regulations
    relating to the production and payment of excise tax of distilled spirits
 and review internal controls and systems
 and records
    examination. In connection with the examination
 the Company recorded $0.1 million of additional excise taxes as of December 31
    2020. 

    
    
    

    
    
On
    January 19
 2021
 the Company issued 47
292 shares of common stock under the 2016 Plan to directors for stock-based compensation
    of $0.1 million. The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock on the date of the grant
    of $1.50 per share.




    
    


Item
                                            9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The
Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. These disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules
and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officers
or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation
the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31
 2020.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such
term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including
our CEO and CFO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform
an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us
to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No
changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the quarter ended December 31
 2020 that have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

Item
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics
 which is available on our website (https://www.eastsidedistilling.com/corporate-governance).
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to
 or waiver from
 a provision of our
Code of Conduct by posting such information on the website address and location specified above.


    
    


Item
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.

Item
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.

PART
IV


Item
15. EXHIBITS




    
    
  
    
The
    following documents are included in Item 8 of this report:
  
    
Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
  
    
Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
  
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
  
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
  
    
Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
  
    
Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements

    
Financial Statement
    Schedules

    
These schedules are
    omitted because they are not required or because the information is set forth in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

    
    

    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company
 as presently in effect
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918) and incorporated by reference herein

    
    
Articles
    of Merger
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November
    25
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation &ndash; Series A Preferred Stock
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March
    9
 2016 and filed on March 11
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amendment
    to Certificate of Designation After Issuance of Class or Series
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form
    8-K dated June 1
 2016 and filed on June 9
 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate
    of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 6
 2016 and filed on October 11
    2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Certificate
    of Change
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 14
 2017 and filed on June 15
 2017
    and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8
    2019 and filed on August 9
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Common
    Stock Purchase Warrant with Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as exhibit 4.7 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-k
    filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Eastside
    Distilling
 Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan
 filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed
    on February 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement dated October 5
 2015 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K dated October 1
 2015 and filed on October 6
 2015 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
First
    Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 4
 2016 between Steven Shum and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
    Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 4
 2016 and filed on November 10
 2016 and incorporated by
    reference herein.

    
    
Employment
    Agreement dated February 27
 2015 between Melissa Heim and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant&rsquo;s 2017 Registration
    Statement
 filed on February 1
 2017 and incorporated by reference herein.



    
    





    
    
Lease
    Agreement dated February 1st
 2017 between NW Flex Space LLC and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease
    Amendment dated October 30
 2018 between NW Flex Space LLC and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Lease
    Agreement dated September 21
 2017 between Eastbank Commerce Center
 LLC and the Registrant
 filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Redneck Riviera License Agreement dated May 31
 2018
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report
    on Form 10-Q
 filed on August 13
 2018 and incorporated by reference herein. **

    
    
First
    Amendment to the Amended and Restated License Agreement with Rich Marks
 LLC filed as Exhibit 10.19 on the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.***

    
    
Form
    of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. 5% Promissory Note dated March 2018
 filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report
    on Form 10-K
 filed on March 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Merger
    Agreement
 dated January 11
 2019 between the Registrant
 Craft Acquisition Co LLC
 Craft Canning LLC
 Owen Lingley
 and the other
    parties thereto
 filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 14
 2019 and incorporated
    by reference herein.

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Employment Agreement with Robert Manfredonia
 filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form
    10-K
 filed on March 28
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Executive
    Chairperson Agreement
 dated May 10
 2019
 between the Company and Grover Wickersham
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 13
 2019.

    
    
Asset
    Purchase Agreement
 dated September 12
 2019
 between Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Intersect Beverage
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 1.1
    to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Form
    of Subscription Agreement
 dated September 16
 2019
 for the purchase of Units from Eastside Distilling
 Inc filed as Exhibit 10.1
    to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on November 12
 2019 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement dated November 12
 2019 between Lawrence Firestone and the Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Secured
    Line of Credit Promissory Note dated November 29
 2019 between the Company and TQLA
 LLC.
 filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Factoring
    and Security Agreement dated December 4
 2019 ENGS Commercial Capital
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 20
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Loan
    Agreement dated January 15
 2020 between the Company
 the other borrowers party thereto
 and Live Oak Bank Company
 filed as Exhibit
    10.31 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Exclusive
    Purchase Agreement dated August 16
 2019 between Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan
 SA. de CV. and Intersect Beverages
 LLC.
 filed as
    Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Assignment
    Assumption and Consent Agreement dated September 2019 between the Company
 Intersect Beverages
 LLC and Agaveros Unidos de Amatitan
    SA. de CV.
 filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated
    by reference herein.

    
    
CFO
    Consulting Agreement dated March 2
 2020 between the Company and Glenn Stuart Schreiner DBA GSS Consulting
 LLC.
 filed as Exhibit
    10.34 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
 filed on March 30
 2020 and incorporated by reference herein.

    
    
Promissory
    Note
 dated April 15
 2020
 by and between Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17th
 2020.

    
    
Loan
    Agreement
 dated April 15
 2020
 by and between Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
    the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17th
 2020.



    
    




10.37
    
    
Promissory
    Note
 dated April 13
 2020
 by and between Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC and Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
    Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17
 2020.

10.38
    
    
Loan
    Agreement
 dated April 13
 2020
 by and between Craft Canning + Bottling
 LLC and Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.4
    to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 17
 2020.

10.39
    
    
General
    Mutual Release
 dated April 24
 2020
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30
    2020.

10.40
    
    
Letter
    Agreement
 dated June 5
 2020
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8
 2020.

10.41+
    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement dated June 5
 2020 between Geoffrey Gwin and the Company
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on June 8
 2020.

10.42
    
    
Executive
    Separation Agreement
 dated June 25
 2020
 between Eastside and Lawrence Firestone
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30
 2020.

10.43+
    
    
Executive
    Employment Agreement
 dated July 7
 2020
 between Eastside and Paul Block
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on July 10
 2020.

10.44
    
    
Second
    Modification to Loan Agreement
 dated June 3
 2020 between Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Live Oak Banking Company
 filed as Exhibit
    10.44 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13
 2020.

    
    
Separation Agreement and General Release dated July 21
 2020 between Eastside and Melissa Heim.

31.1
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

31.2
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).

32.1
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.

32.2
    
    
Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.

101.INS
    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document

101.SCH
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document

101.CAL
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document

101.PRE
    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

    
    
    

    
    
Filed
    herewith.

    
    
Confidential
    status has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to a Confidential Treatment Request filed April 2
 2017.
    Such provisions have been separately filed with the Commission.

    
    
Certain
    confidential portions were omitted as identified therein because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii)
    would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.

    
    
Indicates
    a management contract or compensatory plan.


Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY





    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE
    DISTILLING
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Paul Block

    
    
Paul
    Block

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Director

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Geoffrey Gwin 

    
    
Geoffrey
    Gwin

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Paul Block
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
March
    31
 2021

Paul
    Block
    
and
    Director
    
    

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Geoffrey Gwin
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
March
    31
 2021

Geoffrey
    Gwin
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Robert Grammen
    
    
    
March
    31
 2021

Robert
    Grammen
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Stephanie Kilkenny
    
    
    
March
    31
 2021

Stephanie
    Kilkenny
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Eric Finnsson
    
    
    
March
    31
 2021

Eric
    Finnsson
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Elizabeth Levy-Navarro
    
    
    
March
    31
 2021

Elizabeth
    Levy-Navarro
    
    
    
    



    













     







    
    





    
    





    
    





    
    





    














     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

I
Paul Block
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March
    31
 2021



/s/
    Paul Block
    

Paul
    Block
    

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    



    













     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

I
Geoffrey Gwin
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:
March
    31
 2021



/s/
    Geoffrey Gwin
    

Geoffrey
    Gwin
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    



    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

I
Paul Block
 Chief Executive Officer
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that the Quarterly Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2020 fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained
in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

Date:
March
    31
 2021



    
    
/s/
    Paul Block

    
Name:
    
Paul
    Block

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    













     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

I
Geoffrey Gwin
 Chief Financial Officer
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Quarterly Report of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31
 2020 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

Date:
March
    31
 2021



    
    
/s/
    Geoffrey Gwin

    
Name:
    
Geoffrey
    Gwin

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    











begin 644 form10-k_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !J 1\# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#SJ:\N?.?_
M $B;[Q_C-
^V77_/S-_WV:9-_KI/]XUL^#]/MM4\5V-I=IO@9F9H\X\PJI8+
M^) 'XUQ[L]!Z*YD_;+G_ )^9O^^S1]LN?^?F;_OLUJ:EK]_K%W##=+!'#%-^

VOBL7EMJ45[(L2W7V< .IZ_*1QZ5;^(NI7-WXNO
M;.4Q^1:3

W_ 'V:/MES_P _
W_?9KI?



H&
$=Q





PE2%0J Y_A [46TN-/6Q5^V77_/Q-_WV:/M
MEU_S\S?]]FO5?#O@GPYJ7P[O+\W=TIG'GY:-3+'Y6=P0?Q#DUP'AO3['5?&-
MC8N9/L

%M;0S?N[6*%4$6#C'3/YUW'Q)2*WTV?S_(G
MRBV300A3:A5

W_?9H^V7/_/S-_P!]FNU\$:5I\6GS:EK#





MJVH:_=1-=





DY_X^&I/^%.^#_\ GUN?_ AJ






X@59

I2VA$
2J
!5'MZDDDF


M

MTJ7!IV+52+7





4N+

M #ZW/_@0U5&#DKHB52

MZCJEB;)DM;:T9Q(\-I;K$)&]6P.:]U_X4[X/_P?6Y_\&KDOB-\//#WAOPF
M^H:=!


M=Y_W^;_ !J#38DGU2TAD7=&\R*P]06 -?2(^%G@XC_D$+_W]?\ QIQBY;G
M.
-T?.O]O:O_ -!.\_[_ #?XT?V]J_\ T$[S_O\ -_C7T7_PJSP=_P! A?\


M_;VK_P#03O/^_P W^-']O:O_ -!.\_[_ #?XU]%_\*L\'?\ 0(7_ +^O_C1_

GH
\



UK^$M \0Z[+=+H$C(T2J9=LWEY!SCZ]#
M4WC7P+J'@V\43'S[&4XAN5& ?8CL:[;X#?\ ']K7_7.+^;5
8^]9E2DE#F1Q
M?BSPSXIT.S@FUZ5WADDVQYN/

M9_U]'_T$U-\#/^12OO\ K]/_ * M:15IV

M6C*IPBXJZ/K#PIXJL?%VCB_L\H0=DL+G+1MZ'U'H:\4^+OA6+0?$
=_9Q!+.

:[CXS6*7/@1K@CY[6
^&O<VI6'E_:$
MD11YBY&<'BO(?@I_P CT_\ UZ2?S6O2OC#_ 
D^N?\ KM%_Z%2AI!CJ*]1'






M-

Y%)XTN

#MA
ME/ED]T/*G\B*E\'^*+CPEX@BU*%?



MZYJL+M

M_+/YUY17IGP4U:*R\63V

M=^V0Q+)=32*%7^Z022?H!_*O+M!^-6LV^H*-:2*[LW;#&.
(Z#U&.#]#7J


M4WP

M_P#T8M:0^!F53^(CRCX*?\CT_P#UZ2?S6O2OC#_R3ZY_Z[1?^A5;^&%OO@'
M29EAC$IC;+A1N/SGO77RPQSILEC21/[KC(JHQ]RQ$Y^_?L?&M%?8?]F6'_/E
M;?\ ?I?\*1M,L-I_T*VZ?\\E_P *CV/F:?6%V/CVM/P__P ANW_X%_Z:IWH

M'_ZUC_X$)_C1_;VC_\ 06L?_ A/\:WE%2=[G-;BK6/G7R/B+_=U_\ .2LJ


V]@

M:21SL'C^9_&N/\ CAKWGZE9:'$_R6Z^?, ?XVX4?@,_]]4X^YY
OWE2QZ[
M_P )1X?_ .@[IG_@7'_C5FSU;3=1=DL=0M+ID&6$$RN0/?!KX^KL?ACKRZ#X



Y
M

?EBMH5+Z
YJE*WO1./^(O@=O!^K(U

?\ D1:\]^!FDR2ZQJ&K
I\J&'R%8C@LQ!/Y ?K78?&:_6U\

M^N?^NT7_ *%1'X&$_P*CP?_ (2OQ!_T&K__ ,&_P :3_A*O$'_ $&K_P#\


KZ\.A:/NP=

M.T/
B(
^F36OLO

5%967AG4
MHFEL;?2[F-3AFA5' /OBCV7F/V_D?)M:.@Z5+KFO66F19W7$JH2.P[G\!D_A
,DCI
M1[+S$Z_D:)-KH^DYXBM+2'\%11_@*^3M=U677-=O=3FSON)6?![#L/P&!7US
M)%'/$T<J*\;C#*PR*STT31)%+)IUBR@D$K$IP1P1TK2<.8SIS4+NQ\BT5];


MD?[O6K/]@:/_ - NS_[\K_A1[)]P]NNQ\AT5]=C0=&(R-
LR/40K_A4-YIGA
M[3[5[F\LM/@@3&Z22-549..M'LO
/;KL?)5%?4']I^ O^?G0_P XZ/[3\!?\

M[J^F36








N6T_P!5ZTRG4=7ACB_B6!S'Z$XQ7H/_T?!G_
M $&T_P_$O\ \356Z^+G@^V1F2^EN.BQ0-D_3=BJ:@W=DJ51*R1U&AZ)8^'


$)64






M'I3514&$4*/0#%'*'



VL
MK!N7M'$P)^J']#[&K^KOI3:IXKM+N#SK^9H_LD:1%I6?R5E2!QAN_:O1P !


'_GC'_WR*/8^8?6/(^-J*^R?L\/_ #QC_P^11]GA_YXQ_\ ?(H]CYA]



end







begin 644 form10-k_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #[ 9@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WUY%C +9Y
M.!@$_P J9YZ?W9/^_;?X42_ZR#_?/_H)J6@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/[LG_ '[;
M_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_CST_NR?\ ?MO\*EHH B\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_P!^
MV_PJ6B@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/[LG_ '[;_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_CST_NR?\
M?MO\*EHH B\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_P!^V_PJ6B@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/[LG_
M '[;_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_CST_NR?\ ?MO\*EHH B\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)
M_P!^V_PJ6B@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/[LG_ '[;_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_CST_N
MR?\ ?MO\*EHH B\]/[LG_?MO\*//3^[)_P!^V_PJ6B@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/
M[LG_ '[;_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_CST_NR?\ ?MO\*EHH B\]/[LG_?MO\*//
M3^[)_P!^V_PJ6B@+ST_NR?]^V_PH\]/[LG_ '[;_I:* (O/3^[)_W[;_C

M
IA 0/G8YZ[N!VH8(ZFQU2SU&-'M9MP==Z!T9&9?[P# $K[]*1-7LI-1:P68

L3G))Y&1
MG\JEU&UOH[V\EMK.6V@=)6NI/.5H9U\LA2%SN#YV]@
 Y)XHE9?C^ 1U.GEE



'=%N[+5[6:;2_LQBLY(;BX\Q&^T2ED

J\E6S@G@#KUZT/3

M%M]GCA 
2VP9'63



M_*I:BN?^/6;_ '#_ H EHHHH BE_P!9!_OG_P!!-2U%+_K(/]\_^@FI: B

MJ1P;

JA6].3['\CZ5AMX



MN6\Z31FRAFBDC1KAU\M5'*B


-PR+*

;V4&
LN


4H%^4+C!!*#G(QD\&CL'0F_X2NQ 9WA
MNHXBC20R

M'F!)6\L*$A2^T'GG)V]^G%'0?42X\16Q$*Z6JZI-,6VI:S)CXW$L3@8##C


L:RJ6C'^T
Y'XTQ=6TU[)KQ
M=0M&M5.&G$RE ?0MG% %RBJDFJ:?#'!)+?6R)/CR6:90)
]-ISS^%6Z BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** HKG_CUF_P!P

M+J%HUJIPTXF4H#Z%LXH6@/4XM;*ZM[:[$VFW,B7MG-%;1KS&
O*[!&P/DR&
M0Y. 

M2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_
M^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6
MB@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/
M2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_
M^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6
MB@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/
M2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_
M^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6
MB@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/
M2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_
M^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6B@+;/\ \](_^_9_QHVS_P#/2/\ []G_ !J6
MJEQJ



O*[!&P/DR&0Y. 



B%6U&?!ZX.#^8K1\+ZKJ#:U:V@N=L


MMCPKN'B:RV@$[FX)Q_:QZV??\ R

MKFXM+M9M2NHULK.:6VE69E

MK_C4M% $7FO_ 


^\GYK_ (U+10!%YK_\^\GYK_C1

M\GYK_C1YK_\ /O)^:_XU+14%D7FO_P ^\GYK_C1YK_\ /O)^:_XU+10!%YK_

MFO\ \^\GYK_C1YK_ //O)^:_XU+5*;4HDE










MV*XQ&S_[N./S-


^\GYK_ (U+14%'F/C9
MBWB%B5*GREX./?TKG*Z3QS_R


M&I:* (O-?_GWD_-?\:/-?_GWD_-?\:EJG+J
8D:&V1KF93@K'T4_[3=!].OM


B\U_P#GWD_-?\:/-?\ Y]Y/S7_&I:* /#JO:

M)_TF/@=_F%4:O:+_ 
A[3O\ KYC_ /0A7T
_A?HSP(?$CU[S7_Y]Y/S7_&CS



$@]R5X_6I**^?/=HKG_ (]9
MO]P_RJ6HKG_CUF_W#_*@6BBB@*7_60?[Y_]!-2U%+_ *R#_?/_ *:EH X
_P!2AU<:(=1D=I)XP+PQ
MQ^8JF-W(QMVYRG]WHU=%<Z99WDC27$R

%L8/(D
M(


M)Y(;.:U0 !@# % #7D8R&.?[JD_RIGGI_=D_P_;?X5+10!%YZ?W9/^_;?X




G]V3_ +]M_A4M

A2U_ZX?^S&N0KW



?&S!_$+$9QY2]0


M7+JUMYD6*
@*#&#_  @UF_\ :ZW_P _$?\ WZ6NN.J22DK'++&4XMIW.[$
M





?09_B%4:O:+_
M 
A[3O\ KYC_ /0A7T



9#'/]U2?Y4SST_NR?]^V_P *EHH X3X@R!_[.P&&/-^\I']S
-BOXS/1/ <JIH<X(?_CY;HA/\*^@



VX(?.Y^B$_Q'T%;WGI_=D_[]M_A6+X
M

M5D:'F/C9@_B%B







M-O
M.9?NR(&'T(S6*_A2R:)8X[B[B!B:&8HZYG1F+




]$\!S1QZ'.'D13]I8X+ ?PK74?:



MT/

M=GA7P]8AI4!$0RPK3^TP?\ /:/_ +Z%4/#?_(N6'_7(5J5XE3XWZL]BG\]
M+[3!_SVC_[Z%'VF#_GM'_WT*EHJSR;Q4ROXFO64@@LO(/^R*QZV?%G_(SW
MW^\O_H(K&KZC_#CZ(\*K_$EZL]CTZXA&EV@,T8(A3^(?W15G[3!_P ]H_\
MOH5%IO\ R[3_K@G_H(JU7@2^)GN1V1%]I@_Y[1_]]C[3!_SVC_ .^A4M%(
M9XSJA!U:](.09WY_X$:@M_\ CYB_WQ_.I]5_Y][_P!=Y/\ T(U!;_\ 'S%_

MT?\ WT*/M
'_ #VC_P^A4M% 'AU7M&(77-/)( %S&23_OJ-7M%_P0]IW_
M %\Q_P#H0KZ&?POT9X$/B1Z]]I@_Y[1_]]C[3!_SVC_ .^A4M%?/'OD7VF#

5



Q1US.C
68/E3U)8Y&#R

M\W.TY_N5Q-=S\1/^8;_VU_\ 9*X:O;PG\%?UU/&Q7\9GHG@.:./0YP\B*?M+
M'!8#^%:ZC[3!_P ]H_\ OH5S7@#_ ) 
_P#U\M_ZM=57EXG^-+U/3P_\*)%
M]I@_Y[1_]]C[3!_SVC_ .^A4M%8&QYWX^D235+4HZL/)['/\1KDJZ_X@_\
M(4M?^N'_ +





-06__ !\Q?[X_G4^J_P#(7O?^N\G_
M *$:@M_^/F+_ 'Q_.OH5\]/T/!?Q_/]3VC[3!_SVC_[Z%'VF#_GM'_WT*EH

'_/:/\ [Z%'VF#_ )[1_P#?


\.E

MK*Q+147V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/\ [Y%(9X]JO_(7O?\ KO)_Z$:@M_\ CYB_
MWQ_.O:/LT'_/&/\ [Y%'V:#_ )XQ_P#?(KT5C[*W+^)P/ ZWYOP):*B^S0?\
M\8_^^11]F@_YXQ_]\BO..\EHJ+[-!_SQC_[Y%'V:#_GC'_WR* /$ZO:+_P A
I_9H/\ GC'_
M -\BC[-!_P \8_\ OD5WSQW-%QY=_,X88+EDI<VQ+147V:#_ )XQ_P#?(I1;
MPJ01#&.00HKSSO)*BN?^/6;_</\JEJ*Y_X]9O\ </\ *@6BBB@*7_ %D'
M^^?_ $$U+44O^L@_WS_Z:EH **** BBB@ HHH/3CK0!S\WB.XM)9H;O30D
MX2-H8TG#[O

\23@HO (8


MFV\FGQB^6X2W2-+C=&S





5J0AC)&-JE_E88X.2/:G

M$$=U;FYM7$N\N@(!W# VGYE. 3UZUM5B:3H




JBFU8/&G\*AO
Q@
M'D_+S^6*T_K^O0/Z_K\2?2=2DU**X:6U-L\



2-NDBF@

M1^QI-%!+





+1_7.YV)).23GG-7J& 5EZMJESIFV5;)9;4%

[NO:C^WKF.*^%S96\$]

 ^



MH8!45S_QZS?[A_E4M17/_'K-_N'^5 $M%%% $4O^L@_WS_Z:EIKHD@PZJPZ


?_?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147V:#_GC'
M_P!\BC[-!_SQC_[Y% $M%1?9H/\ GC'_ -\BC[-!_P \8_\ OD4 2T5%]F@_
MYXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_ .^10!+147V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/_OD4 2T5%]F@_YX
MQ_\ ?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147V:#_ )XQ_P#?(H^S0?\ /&/_ +Y% $M%1?9H

?_?(H^S0?\\8_P#OD4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_[Y% $M%1?9H/^



?_?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147V:#
M_GC'_P!\BC[-!_SQC_[Y% $M%1?9H/\ GC'_ -\BC[-!_P \8_\ OD4 2T5%
M]F@_YXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_ .^10!+147V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/_OD4 2T5%]F
M@_YXQ_\ ?(H^S0?\\8_^^10!+147V:#_ )XQ_P#?(H^S0?\ /&/_ +Y% $M%

?_?(H^S0?\\8_P#OD4 2T5%]F@_YXQ_]\BC[-!_SQC_[Y% $M17/
A_'K-_N'^5'V:#_GC'_WR*/LT'_/&/_OD4 2T444 ?__9
end







begin 644 form10-k_003.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #Y :@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K)EUZ*&25#
MY



#I0!6OKZ'3K8W$^[RP0#M&3
MS67_ 

A!;YDP





'SI@XA<3,H0,!@%0/X2.#_
U.=&O([^TFM[IE
MAC(









 1Z&EHI#*YLH
Y5/+

MWD)'YC(JQ10!''/%+_JY$?\ W6S4E1R6\
O
D2
?4CFH_L@7_5331^P?(_(Y
MH L457VW:=)(I!_M*5/YC_C[1*G^LMI![H0P_Q_2@Q16;=ZW:VJ'!9Y?\




Z85HRT-RBBBNH
*O^0#+_ +Z?SK@:[</\!S5?BBBBMS



4445Z9U!1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9^I3WL




M!OP(_P :-]V.L


Z.ZC/FC9]!:***ZS8***C9U<,D<JAR 1@X/TH DHKDH/$.



NY


M
M8^'
M[J2-MLKKY<9]W'^)KQQK:5!]W(]N:]'\?7.([*U!ZLTC#Z<#^9KB:\VKFU3
M#5G37]=3T(9)1QM!5)R:EK:W^3
GIUHK59%?[R@_45 ]G&WW25_6NVCGV'


*RQ.&1NA%

.


[C[1*_\ JK9S[N0@

F50$3)W
0H)_$CFD@FLKJ^N[=(!YULRF0M&!RPR
[;S(]Z_D5(=1L7:;RK7;$0FY85P<G;Q@].O7 QFJTFK6IA@N(]
#V
HPTC



M:G(UFER5^Q$*8B0#)O! !SA6QGYNU=76=J&I/9ZCIUN%C*74C(S


MZS+;S


F_7(T[) /U)

MFK





O^Z[#^1H^R+VEG7_MJ3_.K%% %
M?[
X^[=3#Z[3_2CR;D=+K/\ O1@_RQ5BB@#SSQO#)'JMO)(RL7AQE5QT)]SZ

MOE;-1/+_ 
]I%^0?[JGK]3^58\\\US




MV(Y[CMU^E7J* 



M7_II_P!]5T/]A:C_ 
\!_P!]BC^PM1_YX#_OL5R_VC6_Y^?B/DK=F2^ ].AM
M_%21,X;R7')SZ45K^$M+O+37DEFBH(F&=P/I17I82M*M3YI2OJ*TE\6YW]

MPZ_0?G6/=W]S?


MGIY18='E/





Z\/#[04445Z)TA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 56O8

@&QBQ/. &_[Z(S[5M0J




MZE9QZQ$ &D;R[M%_@FQ][Z
.?KFN9K2T348[&[:.YR;&Y7RKA1V7LP]U//YU
MP9C@UB:+BOB6J-(2L[


1R$']
MT?U-;T*#JRMT+ITW-E_1=)BT;38[6/#/]Z1_[S=S6C117N1BHJR.]))60444
M4QA1110 4444 %%%% !114
TPBR6=$15W
S]!0!-2$$J0#@^OI5)M2MU*YNX

MX(4 G_@1&3Z5L6Z/';QI(RLZJ 2HP/P%0B[4W!@$T?F!=W0XQDCKGV-31R;F

%P6
1()53CD5DR^%='AC+M'-@8'#DGGCH*WF


_B*I3E'1




MSP?K16CF4]D_
T5+DWJRDDMB2BBBD

MMPW!@PRJJQ''LU4_[1TMI;F*#3X9'B

M=A!!


K'T3YO

M% %?%XW5H$^BEOZBLW6?#=MKUH8;^0LZ@^5(BA6C/J/\.E;5%)I-69492@^:


ADZ!X:MM$
M3S1-=L

M'=2+$4+2




L3Z#!X]^U58[;6UME=II
M&E5ON[@ R[5![G!SGVXR


*K/[0+#TUT.?LO!6@61#+8K,X_BG8O^AX_2MZ.-(D1HJ(.BJ
M

=D%%%%24%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %4-


1CC./U%;015.54 ^PK/;5;59X(Q
M=;A
.'&
#I@'ZYJ]$0Z19Z

CBD







M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JK=V\5VKV\
M\S0R1E7C?H1GO5JJ.I6RWEM-:M
81+$5WCJ.:3;2N@*XTO3H%M[=;6*)(P1

)=7


M.^?7IC\: *)T8/'9))-.ZVV!M*J%9=I4@ =
@TJ:)#]G
;F=F+[PX(RIP 
?

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4$YD!8Q &38=H/KFIZIW]S'9Q27
N\I


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %1R1EFR-I&
$
*DHH K/;+)MWPP-

-AS$M:VQ)))RG4\_XG\S5RB@I]BC_Y][?M_#Z=*LKOS\VW'M3J*
M &L7!^5



end







begin 644 ex10-45_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 2G V(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M=S!%8&*]O+)Q(H!FCQAER&=4\Y@.2

LA.(V('F


'#DG.TXW88?=YR5_7]?U\@6]OZZ?U^I
MZDD\

!5/3?$6B:U*\6E:QI
M]])&-SK:W22E1ZD*3@5R^J7T]U\(+:_N;F-9Y+.UFDGF'RAB4)9AD<9Y/(_

8!SO[




J*6
M9@J@9))P *\OTG5=-U7P9X3TW2[ZUNM8MWLV

YQ
];^M[$=E


M7EEGM_

]?F(


C/-7-[8ZXSZ]8ZU90QR7MI]K^RSQS&TMX_
V2


H'SD [0'P0.

MW$UYJ-G;Q6Q59WFG5!$6^Z&)/RYR
9ZYJK'XK\.S6
U]%K^EO:0L%EN%O(S'

M/[%T'0=;O+JRBU!KIKRX:_D:*266-@0TH5O+VAL*6&/E]Z2_R_'_AA_P!?






M!E)H9 Z
.G!'!KS&%K6X6XN[OQ3#96RZP+L:S9QH+:X8P;=J&3?'&%X!+%@6


$^8
[@
@G%-JU_Z_K^MQ)WM
M_7]?UH=E=Z_HUA8PWUYJUA;6D^/*GFN42.3(R-K$X/'/%6!J-B;.&\%Y;_99





MV!+NW$_



-M
+Y
MUC9(I8Y0?)8P(
(0HSD$J23BEMO%%AILNI:[K#:41=WD:Z8\4ZMTOD 
R3
MN%&

MKIVEI$^H7]K:+*X2-KB98P['H!DC)]JX!K


=(STJM%K$UI'I=QJ%UIR:M:VT^DW
5_*R1LX9

CI16-X1@N[;P=HT%\&%U'9Q+*&'(
M8*
@ULTY*S:$G=!1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444








MCZI?UV.DHKSO2O$^MW0\!33WD/DZO;N]ZGD 

M
5FEVWB&*:WN;PV\$C8P9

MHLFGW5\+QDAM)?(G$D
B.DG&$V
H;)W#  YR
9S4VE^(M(UF22&QOHY+B(9E
MMFS'/%_OQ
 Z?B!2&:=%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


8!GEF)



/\ A??CKSM_VFRVYSL^RKC_ !_6@#ZNHKQ7X??'63Q'



C]* /INBLCPQX@M_%/AVRUJTCDC


\$]Z .NHKY8_X:&\:?\\M*_\  =O_ (NIK?\ :)\7QR S



GQ$UKP$-%&D):




MS'K]BOEYN(5:UE$.SRY


6 ^%K\/_P )


[\W];I_H*VEOZV:_4\IU/3M7\[Q'))
MHEW#+?:O:7&FMYL#
[1A!D)YG.-A;:Q7*]QVZ?P=%=0:AJLFJ6UY!JE^ZW
O


GC-).RL-ZERBBBD 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7Q=XA19/C!JL;JKHVOS!
ME89!!N#P:^T:^)?&;RQ_$OQ\!83+J]R4*]=WG-C'XT ?7W_  A?A7_H6M&_
M\ 8O_B:='X0\,0RI)'X=TA)$(966RC!4CH0=O!KY6_X3#XG9_P0EK__ 'P_

N
$CCJ: /?L8KY\^)_P %M
TO

4 ?(^B:



?W30![WH'BS0?$]OYVCZK;78 W
B/AT'^TA^8?B*VLB


9 8'G
MDUYE\


MW=S8:+IUK.)X0)8+5$8 L


/_ %Z3?R% 'TU9^&- T^Z2ZLM#TVVN


M^')=)O6
9R)()E&3%(


1QQKT50
 5X;^TQ_Q[^&O]^Y_E'7




B_LN'4972-)'9Y20D?S@C:-K9P
GC!%0ZAXIUBZ
M^'^FZ_87%O:3FYBANT\GS-Q

M.ECNY&0;8\[) 55LL
ME
L4DLUY.T08I()



M#_7]?UV
ZXUQ[/QKKFF:Q\0)]+M;9(9;59#91LV\
64;X26 P 

MN9M 2'^UYY)Y(\IJ BC60@\JVW;LS@C^''L*YJ#2O%5GXJUS54TS1+B#45AB

4:Y^5%) ) &.2!S




MMIF9E$:! &4HH&0

+V




M$)P#\I)P2#QU$/AGQM/J7AI-1O\ 2[N.XN+N6&UMT


'4IA5V-D@'.21D\87K0OP_OV\-66

M:Z_:2SVR2Q/!

KN/'





M(VB*@Y^7&[ISGM2ZJWG^3%K;ST_0@\



W!XK&F
M\+^*IKK79S;:


M^7S

MFM_V8LECXIEU?Q!'J
EN=%

-N) _ UVKZ%K&J:Y::YJ
ML=BDVF1R&QL(+AWC

M
ZEJD
'G2VEK)
L?]XJI./I7.V.KZE::UHUJ^L)JD.LVLLR

M#

M36;BTTZVNVC


M0WT5^9/M5J\**MNJIG?&54

J0VZJQ^6)





8AC.1D[C][


VMPSR-*T@8



E]87L+2'



MCC_@)H ;^S=_R)NK?]A#_P!II70?'7_DE&I?]=8/_1BU3^!/AS5_#GA._AUB




  8
M% '@/[3/_

#&3P
M





MH\!U0WT-^9/M5J\**MNJIG?&54
!NVKARV=PY%.VWG_P?\@?7R.MHKS^R\8G

_;F0D

WF#TOY':4444@BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I,EHH 

M3^))KPG0_$_BSQ5XAU*.;QU'H&L07.RVTZYA58G&2N3W&
8()/\@#Z.P*7
M-9=_8ZA=^&I;&'4C;:@]OY8O4B^[)CEPN?7G&:\5T6S\=ZI\0=9\


M$BL;X
W.F^!-<O;.9H;FRDDBD7JK!3@B@#?R*/E-<7\)]4OM;^&


43;@1[L3^-
%_B9I]
MU97EWX]M/




=K[X4:S</:T^EO)LSG;E


M8XE\];C3KJTN/LLN?GPI3*N/4;AR.#[=!VGQ:\#W'C/P_;-IK*FKZ?*9K4LV

MDU]:+RHQ2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '%ZKXTU+2W\1(^C6C/I$*74:G4&4W
+%OF'[KY6


MNQ-PL?4\*N%]\9[T=//^OS'I?R_K\C/F\:W

MB-GO62


M3TRSL&%O%
R WQ9HV3HLR!





/Q&

M1\QQQIZ9XWMY-+\/?8=
L[(:LDDD4-Q=.-5;E5(0AI#G(7 SSSQS(/!FM/

]MO.6V?@6^M_!4/AJ?4].O(

MP3&T758=!\
WJSZ9)J=L_B:2T_?2A_*S
JH[%R6;!VXZG('3K6W?_$&ZLV\0
M



'K
M/5HX6@%PI)B9MVP@E2

&KZ3J!URQ9].T][%4_LUP'W8^8_ON


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


-/#MQ&\B:I$L:6J7C/(K(HA<X5LL .HQCJ#P17GDG@_Q
M'##\1D32)IO[;CC2Q(NHF
GRE3N+.
Y.?0XSQ71-H^KQ?:*SL_#UHVO1Z
M?%9FUOAX;9@$$Y*


-=Z=.\;IOYC#



MXUT?QM%HB7]_XHUBU'FQ201VJ
H 1=@






CZXS^-3M%OT_

M^%'CD?\ M-U2*Z%G*TEI





M0D:L%X(^[GOGGD]/\+M(U;1=&U2WU?39+&6;4IKJ,/+&^Y'((^XS8(QSG]:
M:25_3]?\B6WIZ_H_U,EM0\0W'Q@O?# \4W\&G+IWVUEO:[D8L!MRT)RHSWY

M7LOP[U?6/#FI2VUY8%
[[;:Z$LORO'




M!^9L#WI;WQ9HM@T(DNI)3-$)U^RVTMQB
]';RU;:I[

MM4N8+J

MO+T).5#

MM;B%T4*5D02)O0\G^+'I7J$
:PPQQ*
*BA0

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &'K'A


MS#)CQCJZ.ZA9%&1RI(Y%-L?&GA_4KBSAM;\L;U]J[02)'
 
D([*%9AW4'




*=
M&TB[-M?7ACD5 \A$3ND*G@-(Z@K&#@\N0.#5!OB)X1$SQ1Z_9W#QH)'^RL9P
MJE@N24! Y8?2A:[ =/16.OBC1VU**P^U.)IF*1.T$@BE8=564KL9N#\H8G@\


'@-G@^E &U17-P^/O#%Q':RP
MZJKP74K0PSB*3RFD7.5

MT;&4







CML4[%X/S-@<=:IW/
MCSPO:W+6[ZQ \R1+,R0AI2J,5L=@. =Z_@<]* .CHK#M_%NB7^I+IEM?/\


MMQR




MJ#5/$FEZ

ML]I$LT\5M&\[HAY#%8P3C&3V!!.*@@\;6%UXKAT:WCN98Y;-;I;I+61HF#$
M;2'[0N
Y8\9P
YR* \SIZ*PQXPT+[0T



MP7C)';R*6.62.5'/W4

UB;4_'/BV/^T+VYLX?LI@B
MND
9@W*S

MTW[F&/(/F




I]B!3L!H45YW8^)1HOCKQ?'



Y!&
UJ:5JUCK=@E]I\_G6[

M :+ 7:*\BU?Q1?Z5\5+[1-3\:W.G:
FG_;(V:.T5A(6XC4O$=PQG Y8XZF



C@UHV/B31]2TR?4K34(I;6W#&=QD&':
L'4\J0.H(!H3LK^=_Z^






M1@D3



H0)8










/[OW<[ATQS5N.^\(:AJ<-
M_FN6\M]+&5FCM]0M()W; 4OA5C;/ RW48KN(XTBC6.-%1%&%51@ 4UHM?ZW

H.5^0@-YI'&XLHSR3Z^KTU'610R
&4



M3^?&[_:$CS%'MQP[9X)SP.^#5/7/$ECX?FTZ*\CN6;4+E+6$Q0EE#L0!N;HO





T7Q1I'

\PD//R@HA&[ )QG..:+WQ7

C//'?%);)+^FAWUO_ %;8X6]T36;C

ZK%XPOKW_ (0;


MA-MXE\+ZR_%M:W
EO



M6GI7B'29I[?2[5-1AD\L^4MYI]S#N51SAY4 ) ]\UNTNMPOI8\OL](O] A\8

M].DL+'SM'%I$VX D.[2D

@]ZP[Q



M.]2C#G R?8&N@M]/UBP\8W-W'X:D6R&B)91BSD@6+S%9GVHID4A?FV@D#D=



M))]%D1M/L9[&Z1[B+]V6

MZBB4FP2.6T.(W?COQ'JJ9^SB.WL$;L[Q[F?'T






M^F1VECJ26_D[[A6E4QIC#*N1W.3NXQQG.:W8?%.B7'AV;Q!#?QOI4*R
]RJL




0=ISG*ACQTKF&\!ZKX=O

M0HG=VV [$'=FPH]:TD=9$5T8
C %64Y!'K26R_KO_F#U_KT_R.1M-)U*P\96




MX[G#:_X?U*?7[76M$MKFQU9GBCFN([E#!) I!*SQD\\%@-H)SW KF9_!/B#5
MM6^(D;V$EE!KD48LKF2:(JQC&

%8L WTZ9S@\5Z_11TMZ_C;_(=];^GX'F$

MY!1114CBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

UU
[S1?%#Q
M+);SM!
GA='2155BI!R.&!!Z=P:ZW_A67A

M(_O
D\Y/J0


MA8:=8BQN!;:;*9K2

@@#H1FO1D=)8UDC971AE6




=



W
I2.1L[BJ[L*#N.5 VG/2M').=_ZW
XQM#E\OT





M78 6..0JV]/(+*Y49!\W'(XKN)=&M9U99B[A[A;B0''[QEQM!XZ#:O3^Z
YY


!65C\V
X%=1HNE30W]_K%^JK?7Q13&K;A#$@(1
M]SRS$^K'L*-1\(Z)JMW=7-Y9L\EW!]GN-L\B+-'S@
JL 2




MY
)(U/5 ^_=L/


CK$
;




M

89T+;7(VJ06!.1GK0NG]=$OT!ZW^?YMG+V?B;4+35;RTUZZN-.O&:=[:.\
M@064D:ABICF49X4!F#
6X/ %-\*Z[K


M2=0UNWUBY2[-];#$


M/)]C&'C\_P L;5W?+QZY//4'FNL@^'WA2V\1/K\&C01ZFY8F=&888]6YVJW
MN #4?_N?#/V


EZ3'I=JDGV.-#&J2S/*0O\ =W.2<=@






HWS7.J0WM_C4200C L?WTPPY' *^G)&!7
M5-X/T6;1KK3);:X:VO




\A8\$LQ



3
MQCEB2/3G'3BNGTK2;#0]-AT[3+6.VM(1B.).@_J3[FL_7-


M4IBE6[M_(GA8 921

:%&BDCA;
M:1(2N\.P!(*L 

M-X1T.?4I;][(^=

X*Z=_ZV,*ZU1?&\6CC5+B.SGT
SK$(HLP2

'=
M




[_ +*N
_W/X?\ QW%:-]X7T;45MUN+0D01^2@C


M_
G^OP2_0NT444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!'+/# %



MDWYQMVYSG/&*FU+Q!HNC.B:IJ]A8O(






M
]!R.G%;%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MX]U'8O8G][A'1NK%0

M#B=0?7/'TK7TK4[F.REDUR_TX_Z488+B%3!'*
A0-KNQ#;]RXSSCCK0MOZ]




!@#&.*OS:QI=MJ$.GSZE9Q7LW,5M).JR/_NJ3D_A5&_U7_A*[VS
MN$LCI26ZRQ2Q

$-M?3_ (!1\(^![;P9IL^G




M6=Q:P+]Z&=7#MR H()Y)!'X'TI=%_6Y6[&)X.L;70I-*TRZO-.2:4S37$#(\



]+T?P==Z_;:A87$:Q-]F87E)Y #A%(/)R.@YX-%[:_UK_F5]._

MV\=G(LT4=JT2CS5SAR6C8YYZ9Q[5:\
//=027P\21ZU8W 4PE(XL1

[P'CP


T1F6-


M'S;F9(E9BH)QD@9]J -:BLY_$&C1:A#I\FKV7LX#0V[7*20'H57.2#CM3(





MS$]\L

M9QS(6(;.W@Y YZ4)7_KY@=G14;EY;9C;2QAV3







8'FC265F7.1'D'DYZA*_\ 7K_D#T_K^NYU
M5%5+/5=.U&6XBL;^UNI+9_+G297






M0&C15&^UO2=+EABU#4[*TDG.(5N+A(S(?102




FAAU#4[.T
MEG.V)+B=8VD/HH)&?PI;S6-+TX.;[4K.U$:AW
\ZIM4G&3D\#) S0!=HJ%W:
:'J,BR7MJB3),J;1/Y(5L= P*D'''0\9

] 2*7ARXL--\907







X)^4'!/7U'6K2&^T&^L[A9VAGMW

<'GD=P*\[D^
MV2OX&^P^$M5\W2'=+N

MX;)L_/@DEMV2





JS7
Y9L'RMN_

MMO;LV+5G8FW)]XST[$#TI;W25M?$/@RZN])N;C4/M4MWJ%S#823+$94?F1

G/


&TLK^?6?VH?VD^I


R:NM[;
MWMK;%PN$C*

MR

 2!\P

2V2[?\#_(QX]2NK'PG%J-[I4_VJ*U62:PL4$CAL#*
M(






GV+4?(_LH6OVC[#-Y/F




M9!R![XJI!+*NJ:)XL70M1L[$64UA)9?9F:XMX]ZF-C$@+?P$$+G&X=LX] HH
M6@/4\ZBO[_P?H.IZF=$U2[O]8U*6ZCM+.T:=X4;J7\ A5#$$C)./I6A\_7

MBVTNI^-;_P 2_9[FWM&L8K*W%ST,DF'9W8HX#*,D 9 S@]L&BRC:U^*FK&7
M@7NF6[P$]Q&[AP/H74_\%=;5*_TNWU!H))-Z3V[[X9HCM=#WP?0C@@Y!IIV
VD2%R2-PFD 
13 Z
=W3






M>





M.TX-J?
V-YX5]JC[OSKR %YSTKUFBA.W]=AO4\@?3W'B34=+U[PIXDU)KR_-



M7QYK4/C;2_#
6H!W!AY/WA@C )!XY';BO@[::1K%]K<H


MG!^QW*71EBNF&

G ;)!



2[
M_P3&_A;[?\  .X\(^





M=18ZMI
.[E]8T^.UF$)AE:Y14D(=Q4YP0.^.E/S\

VL
LCNHR0H^SD?J*L^*?']U

MM=1N)%MYM0*JZ
F 16VD_,?FYXQFO4'U;P]XCU%-)NKJRE:_T_)L9)5\QD
V<EJ]Q'
+XH
M[E0
1C,H2GS


M&0Q0PJ#C(SAJ\FUFS?3OASX\UG46^P_\)#?2PM;@^7)(BR9!'G)!)QC.!7
MI?PQT[3$\
:?JFG7TMRT]A!#.&O'G6-T7)4;F.S!8@J


MM=OHU]VS^X=KV2ZW7SZ'L






/K#2_#MYH
([:TA-U;36DPU+RH


M5Y_\-/[5MY=7L)=:?7-#MWC_ +-U)SN
@()9-^3O\#()&



MA\;WVI:NVFZ5H!ED.G1:A%)=W:PI(CXP/E#D'J.1U'88- ?U_7WHZV2[MHKB






0VOB:
6D=F

MO!L\'CBG;5)=;?C8'I?RN=
^I6
9N ][;+]F 




MNH75K

2KM?89!%M
MP8PW??G&3BG;3^O*WWW#^OS_ 

M@[6!\H;02


[




;B0*)


L6A<*6*;?*&?0'(YSZ#,ESXPU2WTZ.Z_L2UP
MZ33B:2_9+984( +2F+AWSE5(Q@'YJ'INUV.QHKD(O&TFHP:*ND:8L]YJEDU


M.


M7OKG5?&/@75+C18;6*:ZD:VG\X/
]0:?\0;B\
MM-&OY=:WL=2OFL-SW2M+')N95.P+@J2G)W @]B.2+7^OD#T_KYG<T5R]OXK

M?+UQT;D$'&
T+7^O3_-!M_7K_D=9'=VTUQ-;Q7$3SPX\V-7!:/(R-PZC(]:4



MM95DG1%MYH@2R




MS4=/MI=3EO?W4D

J[!GDJWC!)XK=NOB-/8Z1=W5QH$CW5GJ:


MG@=I9]LMM/&+HR!2



'V)K&NK


K#U!'6I*\X\#^)+C3O#_@S3+G3 EIJ%F(H;D7 +ATC+?-


?)505!!\[D[6;












M#QG [XZ8ETOP-J

M0]=_Z_KN&VQQ.E^#O$5AIUU97/C2?4(3 T%FEQ9(!

M9? KW?PY@\*76I@S6T4:6]_! 8VC:

MV_3M(32=6GTG4-(&VTO8XQ*0I4*P=3PP( SSUIA\':IYFFZC_P )+)+KUD'1
MKVXM%:*9'V[D


CPGX5D\
-JC/JT]\=0NWNV$D:H$=CSC'/3 Y... *R



96




5VE%



\



MO_PP=_ZV.)?P)J5MX@GO]%\67NFV5XXDO;




M4.X;6!)ZA@?2NCHHWT_K^M0_K^ON.!T/X?:IH5]I$\7B.*XCTRRDM(TGT_DJ


P P
A0!T]JNU4OM2M=.^S_ &F0*US.D$2]
MW=CP!^I^@-'E_7D+S.2N/AQ%-H^H6:K/$\UZ+NTF6,;K(0R!$YY&YGY_VL


MM+P4G]W)@L?4]1GG-

M1S:7&94=Q/\ Z1NCE$;

MJ4CJ1/+J6GK



MUI?^$!865WHJZJ/^$=NIS.]D;;
3V%8EEXHN!K%WI.LZ:ME=P6OVQ&MYS<12Q X)#%$(8'JO<
M8)HO;Y?IK^%OP#?7O_7Z_B5+/P7

C



JIZ




M&GRWMY((X(P


ML-[:16\MI!9B&
; PROS

GPVA&DZ/9RZK/)-

I7BG44/568+1W.%M_ NK





Y
MLEM7CEM?-&59BK9W+Q\YR._'(KI**3U5@_K^ON.$M/ FJVUOX7@_MVS=-!)V

MX?\ 0.G]?UU.@HHHI %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M7-:YK%U/I_A^X\=RWEGI


M2G1+K5KDZ2E^X%D80B@!E(.\;BQC48SC(.



M[



C(ZC-8FM7ZIKGB#QBL.HQZ'!I2:='/!F%[EFE#-(
MA(XC7(R^

M60#([U[313O_ %]Z%_7Y?Y'/V[1:?X#WI)JMS!!8L5DE'^ER(%.#T!WD=
@'
MID9KS/1&TX:RBV-_;6%OJGAZ53/8 R/YH91YDKJ ))1N))V@@YKVRBB^K??_


MPOJ%M:Z=&-8\+V=QIME


ME74(+JTBMHHF(ZS




7-D-2TF$:5K-S
M)]EU&%EL'C'W4.XD(HW97KC@XZ5Z-X?N$U[P2KRV

PQ\S LCC#



0KYF



YD\

'Y%

-N( RXQ





M
%]%N'<


M; MF
&-B%8


M:_=6-GX\AU?PK+]EUZ:

\F(SB?RD\X


MM*E+Z_H/AG68;@:Q
WVNS$'F_8GDP)7:4.!&
9.QE))Z=:]0I&8*I9B H&22

#)



M0=[



\US_ (Q\
M/7?B?0_[,M=0AL0TL<CR26QF)
&  #KCE1SSQGZT7U3_K[/_P C?YC=G?\




5O;'R((R(2S1J


MO5%5S:W_ *WO]Q-M+?UM;[SAOBZ=+_X5MJAU'[(6\L_9?M&W/FXXV9_BQGIS




MA?LMO=744!MY=Q G4S.HY_O+EAMXSFL/4FT^Q.E6OB_7KZ72)]-B
&HP*NHP
M2W66\W#2QRD





M(X%F5XV()5D; /(R/2A:12_K=_\  !ZR;_K9?\$Y9-1N-1^)&BZO8Z$UMJ-S



M/ 
XGTF6QU:*)K*_DU&9KBT
K7
[@AB2LBA1AB 








1\['&U .G_ #TKT1AN4@$K
MD8R.HK

TUT_JVJ?Y?UJ#_KSW_K_ (8S


MY/&2
^1E#-'C:/+W?< 4#;NS[YK-U
MKX;:EJ\FKR#Q,(SJK6[7$;6M&OE;2NT!PPY7NQX)!R<-35M+_UM_P $/Z_/





JV^&=Q;




=11IIZ_Y?\$._I_G
:Q7NHZII_P^US4=/MI=3EO?W4D

J[!GDJWC!)XKH?^%AF



+DCKL/L:L/X3UV;7M'U:X\0VLLNGM*S*=.83S.& _??( H4 <\
N(?#3F'1)S'=6\59&0('+(JJP)P<[2PXQSG

W

ME_*ZX&[&

V]@I/0+SS@UF


MR_X/^8L/Q%O)-(BU63PX\5K_ &B=.G1KQ#*C^8(P54#:PW'!RRX[9%7IO'8T
\SS=N/.Z;O?IQ[U/J?P^NM:U36+F_P!9C$.HPPH%MK1HY('A):-U
M<R'D,23\O/'2C3^O1?K<?]?B_P!+$4WQ'O+31-4O[OPKJM8*CCRQ12JQQP
M\\41R#C(GJ
9YQ8U?QCJMK_ &S91Z5!!?VVEG4;5I+HNK)D@[\)\K C[HW

E=-+^M/\ 




MH%J=@;..





 N8;:X)!#%=_



MXFNM ^%VA-;Z9'-'%ISW


M[X5101T*NXK \0:E-KNL^!M6;1X8+2;54:SNFF#3M&T;G#+M&P-@' 9N@S@U


M-/9Q7$L$T)B+HK
I

MS!AD+@9SGMZ]!XU\-WGBO06TFVU&&QCD='EDDM3




F?XQP#



$_@6;PQIMZMLDT3Q27
\'G

MEY;@+)


MD:EI6H6FBWS:3J+0ZO=3+

M-
%ZUG-.B@S1KN (()!&1E3C!&1D$C-$G?7T_K^O\@229S;_ !%EMM/\12W.

R
A



MUZ/]; M]?ZU7_!

M)YKH_&&K:WIVI^'K?28+21+R]
4HGN&B+8C=@N0C8'RY)YZ 8YR*L?@?4Y=7

-[ZTT6*2RM=1




)MWGGA
YV%=IXWK\V.Y

:D*
*2F\DG@9^89]J6W
U_6X/5)/S
M_3_@G)6GCV.UT/1KBS\+O FIZG)8B*6)5AD\UE);'4G:S' (Z\]=2P\8WE
MWKAT:?2[6TU&*-7GM9=0'F?

UDQ?#K6(M
TNR'B*Q(T_4V


*.
#GN:
MW*GH@ZL**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** 
GQ+KB^'= N=3-N]S)$ (K=#AIG)PJ@X.
GOBK&CZI;Z
MWHUEJEJ08+N%94YS@$9Q]1TKE=0U'_A)?&BZ7HNL:6D^C(9IH[B$W&96RF B
MR(?D!.3D@%P





MXS1;I_73_
















M/!
=IK=]/I\VIRF(W\QMP\31M]V







M%5DL828#(9=W51M!PIR3CD8/-;?QUSU&R;PM;SAM9FEM9H[7:VYH_/7+ X

FBVD5_6_P#D+J_3]/\ 


MV



M]6U'Z!JO]N^'M.U80^0+RW2?RMV[9N .


M-[V_K;_@G26'B22\\6ZAH


M!B/EP#TI15[?UUM_P %C?7^NESV&\NX+RGO+J18H((VDD=NBJ!DFLJTN]=


M33^TO[7EW_9?[


M3]SY5QU''/

J(79@JJ



MXK2J[7 
2A8Y

M' W

M+Y_I_P $]1HKP:Z\.1^_$%U#J=M)=6WB

MLD.=JX=E&
\]!7'Z:^C1^+-*U'P_/;):PZ?-_;D\4@$8 5=GGM_ST!S][Y@

D'TIVU:_K=_G

MX K

MKY#_ .#^'_ /;J*\EDD\(-\0-8M7N=*;3I]#CN)HFG0Q2RAF/F

X9]A5MQR


MW=D- D#+K-S\S@.&7S(VP!^[&[!4' !(R



M_7:_^0/3^O3_ #_

M.#G#2=
UTLQM(L. +AHX\%20<;OE(Z@]
&5!N
M!P WN.!^%-K5V)B]%?J4+'79'U6/3[Z%87NH3<V;#(\Q!C<C ]'7<





M96*L
$ \$$4;JZ\_S#9V?D7*YOP_XPM?$&N:QID4#1/I[J$=F_X^(SD;U&.F


Z/;D.+A
' DS@Y[;E_




MHYBDC!4#)\L


&#







M0&PP X/.



?BS4M.U[Q9/J\
M-LND:2D9!AN&:0 IN7% S;N?F&.!SUI;V]+_E_F/7\;'5:+I2Z/IRVOGR7
M


MVK$M=C;HKAK/XA3ZI+H4.GZ#([ZS:27$
DUTB1(4^\I(#-UQSM[C /.&1_$6



MP/.#Q7
7(G\B**5AM21LEO*CD8*



M)*X55'N

;!3US(IX/'KSWQ+UAM?
M\!:R]MI
$^F6EPL(O)9@)!*DJJS1Q[3\H)9=VX'K@$4EK;Y?FO\ 
=M;/^M_
M\CU


Z[I45M

M_!1EV[R5VD%@%QG)R0#1?&
-UHVC0Z+HD




PS^\$)7F

ZAK3:U?W2KNO3D2F
9**BIP%^8GODG-;]


48
M)N*;3&
^QR
A6X&
&Y*TFNVGY_Y
SB[Q4N^OY?YG27YM)_+T^YNDC:YR%AWJ
M&F4#YE /)&.N*L3W-O:JAN)XH0[B-/

MWBU:*3[







9:0LZ!O+P1@[
G(^7KBL




M_


J3T)!(^AJ?4?&6L:?=WNGMX=ADU&&U:]MXDOSLN8%.


<\8+53F^(&H6NC)?W.BV<3IJATZZA;46S =P4/GR?F
M&#N[87!]<):_UYV_,;T_KRO^AWM%9NGZA=7M_J,3VL,=K;2B**9)R[2G:V5



MXP2:4G:/

MN(X69!GCA7&3UQS5-/B)?23:/:_\(K?Q76HRRP*MRQ@1712W&]0Y4X!!*#@^

DG=TQWZGV-#T5Q+5V-NFNZQHSNP5%&6

-KJ.AR1_:[.2ZLOLLWGO
44




4)V[5ABSG:


M+7BE\OS_ 
QWM*_S_+_(\SUZQL-3BTCP0;ZYNM=LFA=YX;9XA%!@J[%@-JAH

X91V'&1[U;TWQ$]

\67


Q
 J

L5YXMO-3TVW79:6DEM&AC&
#?(/FDP/7




MD-
&1FD(P/E.Y0..@SFNAL?&SW]A9:BGAC6TL+ORS'<L







1
M(ZL7^56#?+D $




MDLC()I4P$55$B[$ 7&

M#F]4\-7E[XHT35;;4;:VMM+5U6V:T+F0.-K?.)!CY0



=Q% \@$LH8HG=@.O
MY9'YU+0G;^O._P8_POPM^1P&J^ =;U*?Q5\16,46MB-)E_LMF:-4&%GS

M%+96_KL'G_73_(Y2#PIJ+7%E=:EK

MX]

MLCZ?)9/IUZUHR22*[


+^)K/4[*_P!




M[F6V:&21793&Q4Y*\=1V)'N:=[WOZ_B+:UO3\ U?09;_ 
'SZ!:WWDF6U^R_
M:;B

Q



M[AB%J&EB;S/




M%/*@EG8#L'JYK?AN_P!5\3Z3JT&JPVT.GK(ODFT+N_F#:QW^8

M72T4/7Y?\




M_@O(/$$7]H2(NIOYEL/*!%E(=K
R\\DNBOVZ?C7944V[N[$M%9'(ZWX(?4-.
MTE=-UFXTS5-*&+:_2



GJQ_


_LX
MI#IFV+&20VWS
Z6[
B[2%*@J%&3_%WQ[9IW
M;?F_^'_X(65O3_AOU



MWUN5-+M9[+2K6UN9XYYH8UC:6.(QJV!C(4LV/S-6Z**;=W=B2LK(****0PHH


VH1


MB[--


M_K^M1O70YCPY=P6WB7Q=J5Q=PPV%QJ


]:O-
\4:'XHNM+U2SO=
I? ^;/O3O;;^M&OU#??^MO\ (Y23Q%X<UWQ59G^W--8Z?*T=


%F1'!:







L)P?








MD$'T/-6[K3-8OI/%&C:=JNJR)I+0SZ?*+^57+LNY[=Y%8



MZ?9R6=EI=E;6LN?


M?3K+5-2DM-3TZ5K^-;Z0^4%5?+EC8-F(EB1\N ?3BJOATW=]?6?A2[N]4^VZ


M_Z
MWNON%;2W];6?WE/QC'K#G3WTN

5\UK-
HQ@HZD9VGJI(!R
FL/3


MK[59-?U2XO++Q']EBDDN=J^7YZ1E61 J

M[JVVR*






$CWKT

MT@MT

^%*^49
MT=

MK5QH?AMVM?&]IJ=C-J$





S649
M

M(^\KYB^7AAG8#D


$CVPET8% W//?IP:M:H^H

X+#;R1D]?6FIX+\*Q12Q1^&=&2.4 2(MA$ X!R 1MYY -+HEY?Y?Y



M$Y.['.:]3&A:0-+_ ++&E6(T[_GT^SIY7_?&
?I63XC\)VNH^'+G2].T[3(X



I#6R



MIO+(TOS9;[QV9 Y16*X]J]





GYW_X
M!C:C_6UO\ @G7NIWUYX9\1Z\-5O;;7M)OIHX;6.X81H$;$<;0YVN'7')!

\$5IR:)I
VI1ZE+
MIED]_&
)=-;H95'H'QD?G5ZI?PV_K;^F7?WK_P!?UT/(_P#A)L:M8Z_;37\F
MEZO9&PCA:^F*+?; R@+NPIX*$CD




C;;HEP3*(^




M
0 CMI+=&B3'3D8&/I2Z?UVM_D_D']?E_P?O*/AJ69/D3G6(]=DC1]M[$F
MU9\$XQ\S9]

Q9?+)VQ[.F

MFXODKAF^4DCOVI]WX@;6O$.IHWCRPT.2TN%%E')YGSPE%973$Z1S!LGJC'GC
MM7J
NAZ1/=374VE6
EQ


MK

.KRW!GTB8K]JO6F+
S






M26EV+*6TE13



MR(1T@88\PL67;UXP=QYP#BLCX42O_P *PT^8++*^ZX;:3\[GSGXRQZGW/UJ/


;7
MR'*L




M;)M6G@_69-
T;0M4GLGTW2+F*:*YAD?SKA8O]6K(5 0]
D

MO_E8G6W]=O\ 




?K^^=%Z\8!

M?Q-T6[E@BTZTU34'GLVO8Q:VA.^
$ @;B-S GH




M;W!EV*P+]

M+I_7]:CZES6O'MGH
4


2#[2@QG;E_E(R
[]G6N5T?PO?7OP[UBWTVX@NVU&.2
MRT^:[D






QO#C:X8 C+


MOIK34D\Z^_L\P?9MSQ3A@I5BI*CD_P!XY[9K0\4:;JVI6]DFESQ*D=RLEU;R



::'?&9)C






O+FPMM/L=3O9[ZR-[;I
MBTTGRYM*6R6/[=)D2 ELD^3]W<Q'K





UE-*UCPY#/9-HFJ32R_:'

VKZGIK

M1'
'77R_P#^K^XOV?C?3;VYTE$MKU+;5HR]G=R1JL<A[BN-V\':<




D'
MC:!SUK!&@:AX47Q8XL= B\

MK^O

MD26UGC=I879 1\V54X8

MB


\):CI&N7
M6HZ7#I^FQO;.#:07$KP7


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444

*\F!@;F




M;:T][);6UK##9[F55R'


M^;4]-UD


6B/CH  )

9

M^NPF[7\K_A_7S/5**X#P[KNN)\2=5\



0
+Y@(C&3TP06/L!ZTUK;S'M?R.^HHZUP

U!M






-J
FM:=-9FXF
?^=@[KM_E<[RBN5\<^,HO/A
ZO#$MU-

9]9#1W?8.WF=+17E7C;Q!K6@^+_MI-X
MHETNPU-7%\62V0E%7)5WC.
DG.21Z8KMO#*W


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


!R!WXYY(

UI:5K%GK-O)-9F;;%





Z]%+[/+\PZ



M(88O#^IZCH5]-Y\$IN+-9?-_B8KYBKAOPP /E%=-J7A8^+O!5E:7UK/I.JVB
MH]K*[(TEM
@ # HS @D=

M7BSQOHFN:E8MIFGZ




M_*IZ=:=XD\&:_.G@?3Y-%FUVWT3!OYFE@V3@A0559) 6QM(^8 =.:]B9T0J&

_O

MG?!



FF:KIA1[.[

M

M_P (.
#W(H N45R;_$/1X]!NM8-OJ7V:VO#9NIM&#B08ZJ?NC) RVWG\*ZO/




]
MJ -:BHK:X2ZMH[B



M


M(TN\6TO+O9*0&;$3LL0)P#(R@B
$\ L0#6M0 44R:58(9)7#E44L0B%V('HH
M!)/L!FN:A^(/A^XMY+B ZK+#$S+)(FC7A5O# D18!&#GTH ZBBF0RI/!'-$
MVZ.10RG&,@C(I] !1110 44UG1656906.%!/4XSQ^ -.H **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH X'48M3E^+H&EWEG;2C0QN:ZM6G4CSSP LB8/OD_2DU^]\0:%H.F&+4



M&HSR0WIDU*
179_M&X'FH.@(\S@=N

M&ID$%79R
B;S=F&VX/'&

UJ[US6_ M_?A#



0W
L20KZ!%8+ST.1R.#D4L?A'0X=0


-4U/4K71=2L
M='G%O)]MN%C

NZ.12K#)&0?I2^S8/M7.8\
M':X^HFXL[RYU+^TK=$





7@S5+F^

MJD^H ZFJ;3;MYB6UO0X36+W4-:T3P7K]WJ9:/4-;M)5L1&@CB!+%0I WE@.N
]/'@/PW]EU*UDL'GM]2?S+J.XNI








M7



EU+*'
M?^]AV(![9&. !V%5]0\&Z#JEQ?3W=DSM?Q*Z5;B1$F & 656E@. V
CUI7


8)(7TZG^
M7H*IOWK_ -=/Z] Z/U_S_P _O.)@UKQ5-I?B=(9#?WMAJHMX_LD

M+5R5+@




99$=D!SMR
@$]


Q(
M/M
A=5]!(6WC';GCC&

(9+ZYTJ&*0BV


D9.
M


M36TCQ/JOBQ[/3HM672KYM%M]0#0Q1L9Y) V1APPV+@9 &?FZBND'@;0%N;NY


M6\$ZR8+J:UE6RE=982 PPI/!(.






#[C-)J*7DOT.+N];\66ND^
IYM

 O#UG/I\T$%ZCZ
M<ACM#_:5R1$AZJ 9,8/3'H .@%);^ /#EK'&D-K=+Y=P;J-_[0NZ2MD
P8O
MN&[)R

MK
 SKM9-X8X^7DX'0C336O%NN:IJ$VCWFF6]MIE\]O+!=704%$.94^SLP)





Z/





MDXP*=\

MII$-OX?ATAY)7A2W$!9975BN


MYF?!(()PSD'@GM2MKY!T.3'G#X+66W_D)_VG'N_O?:?MOS?CNS7:^)K*WUB&


M?8H?-W==VP9S[TM_X9TC4KU;N[M-\H4(V)7595!R!(H(60 ] P..U6O[+LQJ





HQDC&1

?3+[5_$'



/E(W CJ

M-W%)NQ*T?EMD



-ORDXZG&<UI6GB32KU))(

UM).LL01=



P9OFXIZ70+6YO7_B?2-
N/)N[ETPP5Y!!(T41.

MRSO8P7*NQ 4(%DB7. 6))4X&!NP#@ZECXDT33S:Z.^KW%S*K?9DN[J-RLL@.
MAFB-I






FKN@:5JRZGXS-UI
]I'JDWF6L
MLLL3!P(A'SL=B#D9Y'3WXJA8V/B*'_A!XIO#=R%TE=ETZ75NP7]R8LX\P$\G


K*P#*0



M^\4PO )Y(XYZ5D0Z;J^NZ_X?U#4-*;2_['67S2TT;B=G39MCV
3LZGYMIX''




MHZ#HFK:'J]REN^KVT+B']WYH



M*\H78C'(X8@\CUKS]])\2-X3AL_^$8O?M*^(/[0
?VFV_P!3]H

M?;FG)X5U6S\47R2^!M#UJTOKM[J+5KQH1+;!SDK(I4L^TYQM[8&1V-[7_K1?











NI&6+.%P#UP3[9J9?#?K_P$_SNBHVYTNG_  7^AC:%






_A+0TN=(U2UU?2[18(9M.OH1
C

MB8J?



F.
Y SSSW] T/5+O5(+DWVFMI\\%P\)B
R
MRA@









M[4V'QOH-QHLVL13W;6

_P!G=_L%QN$F=NT)LW'DXX'!XKD-
TCQ#;67@7



X''45R.H:)XJNY/'5T-

LQE6$L()&C21ONHT
M@4HK'(P&(/(]:Y;5MU:XM+'4=+T[5-/\01VD=NDT-U!L! /RW%RK(#SE0S
M?-Q5/6] \3:B]_YFE
\JZE:W4!LYXH8)T1HRS
-P=Y
!A\_& N.1567-\_U(
M7P_+]/\ 

CH^KOJ$6HVMMI]T8#
=
N67 5269EC(7

M:1HMV+WQ38:GIP.FZE=/

MX!M#Q!IYU&RL


@7:I/8$C/;-76\1::MU/

M^J^T&7.?-QG!QCU]N:Z :'JEIXMBOM%M]0L(KFY
NHQRW


/O '*@@]C5S3=+\11Z3XV4: ([G4KN
M2YLXKYX)(YE9%7:P5V&?E/#8'(YZX--_Z^S_ )O[AVUM_6[_ 
E]YU$?C;P\

9:
M)T26+C+([ *P&1G!..^*X.\\/^(A_P )%);Z)?W']JZ+':+]HO8#()1Y@((#



M5)'-/L_$NDW^H_8(+B07)0R1K+!)&)E'5HV90) 
CE21R*Y'3+'Q9K&D2Z)K



9=&90L@Z$E
CF







+J&R6'Q)'IK27EI&9GA?81N$9 X8]!



M\2^)X+.WU2/3+6ZT.'4HT6S5WB=G4%6+$[APWIPWJ
UU?BN_N;*SLH[:_6TD
MN;I869(_





MB#P=HGB?4RL%YK-KLT\1Q^6BB?C=C?O&.?F(Z\#K5-6GR^:_%V$G[M_7\$

MRV2RANXB\2(8F=G5E&T#*_*

]ZFEZG

&K^(M5\226 UA+.U?0X;]/LU

MY/TK

5.5ZCD=^?85QWA[Q/J_BH:-IYOSI

M0O+3[)=1?9MG[Z2/;'+N&?D;^+'0^AKRGQ7J-_XA\ 2:Y+J316TFJ10IIRQQ





MDN!$9&D4DG:T$NZ
' ^4J??FIXM2\4WFOZGIESKEM;B'2(KM&TZW5@DI+!L-



6XOYKF^A%[-*EN\H@E

MN==O$EL_%+:?Y\

+^OQ2_4;V_KLW^C/4=0N_L&GW
M%W]GN+GR8R_DVR;Y)




%[9RI%#^Z9
M_


M*




*W:1 <

;LC.[(..

GVMO8:OK-E'<

NT'IR*=OZ^5P_K\;'I! ((/(/6LK0?#.C



ME_5]@Z?UT/2::[I&C.[*J*
EF. !7EUKXC\2C0+#6+G6$DD&O?V=+;QVB)%+



[J&\W+G





:8T*-%)'VTB0E=X=@058 9'!YS!=^(O$LMIXSNUU
7]D^QOYWFXV[












=

MRQ#O%W+L\L#A/+W;-O?&



!C@$&GR^ O#TW]

M#SA6W
=^

*77V]XA TL

MJP# 9.
@XSQBJ-MX \.V=P]Q;6UW#*UM]E+)J-P/W6


MY

M9'
CK$

G


M][;G;N_VL9]Z?;^!M!MM
O\ 38H;P6NH.7ND.HW!
C'J=QDR
]\$;N^:Z*BE
MTL'6YSL7@;08;G3KB.&]$NG1F*T;^T;@^4AZ@?O.1VYSP .@%5)?AEX1N-
D
MTZXTM[BUDF






$^8&#'(X()((XKI:*+@8=OX0T2SMYH;6UEMUF


MACD\G)Y/)KIJ* *]G8VNGV
-E9P1PVL*!(XD&%51V K*M/!VA6-R9[:R:
AF

/(Y;_A7?AK^SEL/LU[]E6Y^U*G]IW/


V2*R2+R5A0;58Q@8K.A
M\):);W4
\5HX$&## ;B0P1$=D);RU([$*#6W11?6X=+'-3^ /L_B1?$4NB


M1[1-&724-RMHL?E#%U*) OIYF[?^.[-8T/P[\
P6D5F+2[ELHON6D^HW$L _



/E1RS/.XW%LNYW





M3Q)H4FI'38]:TYK\'!M5ND

MKAB#C@T :E%9FF^(]#UF9X=+UG3KZ5%W

M\2Z--



VY&)






JSP3

=C*S;AL/7 R

MXW\%YY+1S








.H:
MC:V$L6ZXF:)966




ME=0^(/ASX.\&36\FF7-U)YMMJMT%\KY9&)\ID).\]


J#N3U!ZTEHV_3\&V)[)+S_ !5A/BA:Q6_PN\1
J@RO:J))#]Y\
M%0



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#EIO$5]JGB:^T#01;1RZ?&CWE[=1M(D;/RL:HK*
M6.








MQ(\8F5P_W





ME@M@Y0B-HUD !?=CE

\



\.




Q
JJ6.


#EL8/44RYMT$OQ&
7AZ




M&X@9XQG%3K;Y?HOSU7J/1-^OZO\ +?T.P_M[1_M-M;_VM8^?=1^;;Q?:$W3)

M)/&)M4LD&FP*DNW[4(9 96# @J9-H7@C&VH1IKZ]X=UFXT7PMXDT_56MDBD;

M'








CMG&T

M9(W:.






MSS?UU_R_$KK;^NG^9KKK-AJ?VRSTG6-/DU%&5)%F
+= 716!X/;(KAK/Q1

MK!I

'@7P=;2:1K(GL]96:XB_
MLNX+1HKN2Q&SIAU^O..AQ25I?=_Z4U^0I;??_PD_P9Z#XYU;4]!\)7VKZ4
M]H)K-#*R74+2+(H_A&UU(/OS]*;;2^)HM2T^.[U+1[F&?+RPPZ?)#((PO+*Q


M:70?UW!J$D1MV\K1)K)IP6



M+C/RXQGD8JD;?4KCQ;=R6VC3Z9JE[X:^SO-#9N($O



MV
(=Q.%#$X)P


M^R7PSJ.U?$ZW5M!_8D^%MS(I+*OE\#8K C\

SR!ED\M-S8*DKG&1SG .3



M;4X)X/%




M+2UEN&V0I/








H.1QSS5NO/=



MY+B21\[F4%6  Q_&.




US



H

MB


MQ@]

MKXCV+IFH2Z981WT



MX@M+IM
-CIDE_;:K;V%U+OD6-DFP4=$Y(R
Y!8X('WJM:AXQUS1KC5]-N[:W

MQMSX@\0:4;?3M1MK%M0OK\6EE=1J5AD4H7


T+DC.S+$
I&W=SZBC^OR_S#R/0+N!KFTE@2
MXEMVD0J)H@I=,]QN!&?J#6=X:\/P^&-#@TFWN[JYMX,B)KDH753SMRJJ.O4







MQM(JJK!0 BLI8DGKN&



]@!U)]AS5
MR.198UD0Y5@&!]0:\M\::UJ^N_#_ 


MC@;L[LC(!&!W%JD#TO\ UV.^HKS[Q==^+K3P;XB%Q-81&&W5X+^VA91*IR'3
MRS(2C#^]DCGIFIKC7O%L/BBW\.6ZZ+)/)ICW:74B2HK








ML;KBM_Q1K5[X?\/1W:()9@Z1SSI:O*D(/WI#$K;BH] W?KWJ=K2#?0Z&BO.]




I:.
M(*A=G8 @M@#[H(R3U%.SZ[W:_(5]=-K7_

M1&_/RD]





H
MEDVGWFLW%BT95C*-\TN'#9 &/N[3D=Q6F?%/B&T?7]-OIM+.KVKP#3TCLY%
M2=93A6(,I)RV5(!&W:3S3]/ZV_S#U_K5_P1W]5+#4[/4_M/V.;S/LT[6\OR

2 6X#'&%SP..M+^OQL#_K[FSNV

MFGR#4(]*CD%XL*:@3LA





MX[&FE=)?+\T-O5OY_A?]#4TGP+!I&N1:M%K6K3316:V0CG:%D
0Y /[L-U^;



M5HA#+




NJ%@
_*6.&((.WWX2W]?\ -('Y_P!:-FKJG@*RUC5-3O;O4]28
M:C:BTEMU:)8UC!)7;^[W AB3R3UYR.*R_%7A=+#0=;U)+K6=1UXTIK 1JGF







M:CK%Y.DRSQ:A=WAEN8I%SM*




MP;C6XM7_ .$@U?[7%9&R4XM\;#WQY7WMP#9]1TQQ7'R^%VT+Q;X7TBPOO$36

5ZH)HC#YPD3RMN[?N&W'KGTJE;:
7^1E3^!]-ETN&S2X

U[JGG:E+%/++]IR4

RM]
M3LY;NW&9H(YU9X_]Y0<C\:-M/Z\_Z_(#'O/4<\LUY+J6K3W8M'MK:1)8TEM
MU8 


IAB!EAE?49XIUUKFD6+%;O5;&W8.L9$MPB$



MP:S&L=S:RF
1@*

M%!! CZ!
$ Y SP*ZQG\S4M0D_MFZ@Q&R6R!


%PCB
^C8/'XT?U_7]?






M3DX[]:CT;5O%FHZ%HFK2:AH9_M%89/LBZ=*C$
-S*LAG(R%#$$KVZ5T\NOZ-

MMZN;DV/V S;X@3'G(R!'MR
D=

ZBQW<]JZDD20%<@X(Z,#US@@\@5S7



M0



8R3T[#OBK:ZS:VUG8MJUQ:Z?=74:D033JIW[

8!Q

UO9:C:7
\&/-BAG5VCSTW '(_&C4/
YU/AQH





MVBGR



DQEUJQ:'68%@:&0

1@?PJ
'(

MSN.J@9R2


M_M32[^76=3F?3K9K5(Y/(V21M@
' B!.0%'!'3C'.=F;6M*M]2CTV;4[*._E



M?V.8(5+HK1AB1DX+[E]*V?$WB+?X#U;6?#.K6
LEK \J7$6VX3*C)'#8SQCO
MCT-=#ITKSZ7:32MNDDA1F.
9)4$T]=7Z?JQ=$O7]#E%^'-NFF6%@OB'6O*L;
MTWT+9MRWFDELD^3R 2QQ_M'VPVVMU\3^.+?5IM#O[%-%6:!)[Z
1FX=B @#
M'* !B&(_B&.]=5J.KZ;H\SZGJ%I8Q

M=#(K23*H9 

S/N_#4-_?VUS=WU[-%;3?:(;9R







M 



%WF.*














*3UYKU?4+
M0W^GSVBW

\+)J%S/*(7-J+E07
:8R-

MG#F-ZKPT:@8'' !Q6QK5A'XCU*\UF'2YX-.30[B\6^LW@





M?0

J7X)&-VX]^@S7JF


M-I&Y2
2GPUC?1-20V,3K=YTJ<!C%L^8[./W@SG_ (%T

ME;I]NA:I&#XBN+J.[ETRY_T:-T(618]HW;OF7G(7.2.E2Z=9:A8^&M
CDTK5
M&_L_Q*\\I-H=[1-)+\X11R/F4DJ

\AN]
5FB*(1E<R;6YRH*C'6O5**35XV_K9K\F.^M_ZZ/\


M3+JZGMM5CF
MM8R3M#,[SE%.T?=X[X[XKN0 23@#J35#1]=TS7[:2YTF\C


B@ED 4J


MAODW#Y?4BNKN!IOCOPG-'8ZG

M#


L94
^ W\()&
MX]P:W;'PH^L6WBW


U]J5IX
M?UW2I+G8LSZU/*TTQ7.
+)(YP






D:L5/E.TA90

 2Q+8(

TGB-;F**/1IT8PB=75@!'T*?ITZDO;:HZQK.FZ!


A9%VX8

M/?VVI0(/LS9D+QR/+N&TJ
#')P



?#$UMHDPN].GMVU







)(76



M+[GN352X^&6CW.BV^FM?:JGV29I;.YBN=DUKDD[8V P!\Q'()Z9)P
-VOI_6
IZMJ=_=ZEJ+KJ5G]BG

M_=6[R1*P5
M0(RRLHC)S]YLCC&#VZ

?)+-&/X3F/;TXR #COGFB^CM_7Q?YH/7^M%_DR]










M17#EL












#A69LX'0C


T*W-Z=+-Q]I&ELZF







I7U4$'MCG1_X5O;'1FT
ML^(-:






M^W&



M!


UE;D7S7Z7*FW$J2MG?@B+&ULC*D$
M<#ISFKJ^G]:Z?@&MON_+4[<9P,D$]\5POC/QCJWAV:\EMUL!!:11RB5&FEN

$QA0-BGC([G)
MP.^?JG@6PU6XUB1[_48(]7B6.[AAD0*Q485P2A8$#L#M]0:GJF!2O?$GB%_$
M.N:790Z7 EA81WD
TWF3%]V[Y64%

=G:SOID

%09QC
1


M'?  &23WK)A^'=E;V]A!!K&KQ)ITLDEGMEC!A#JRE0?+Y'S$C=D^Y'%.3O*_

M^(;1]?TV^FTLZO:O -/2.SD5)UE.%8@RDG+94@$;=I/-6H_AO;1:5I^G)X@U

1FX=B


MWG^O_ U_IBZ7

M_$DVB:5J\UMI2I=:JVFRVRB0G)E:-663/&HRISUXZ5KI\.-/2VTR :MK 7

7Q!K0AMKXW\;9M]WF[M^2
M?)Y 8DX]SVP!5XW^?X7_ 



#GZYJ)OA


*R#X(MY;=UN-8U2XG^SO:PW4S1-);Q/C<J?N]IR  6
M8
V.]*76W]:/];

M
=

LS)@.RL& 0 Y !5LXZBN_


;_ 

$D-F\




MVMDMG
SH%=4+%2515&?F/3COC/-.U3PQ;ZCJT6K07MYIVHQQ&$W-FR9DCSG8



CR

MZZ_UH_UL&O3^MO\ @F=H_BG7-7L]'MUETZ/5Y+J:+4H3:/M@6+._ \W(Y* 

$=.





M


'K7H%I

MD?E7.Z'#+;^


FNQ:1:C9




MSQ:E9R3D


S7
M%G=K;NT4A=MT4AF VH4&!AB-O /%4)[#[/9_$:)-#OVN+V!(X)(](F'VE_*
M,5(3G,F3GWW=.:GI?\ KI_G;Y%6UM_77_ASV:L^WU[1KN6YBMM6L)I+4$W
M1W*



K6_O)O$D
8+I.I7'@N#PO)IE


M4#[,V9Z2/+N&TJ
#')P


95PJ$,?,89()!Y;)'-3?2_E^B?^:';6WG^MOR
MU/6(=4T^XOIK&_M9;R$!I;=)E:2



M/4&HMM;*ZM&74O!'B6&_L+&2:2^EN+FWP4VLD*M(_F!B!\JICOV%5+2_E?




MEU-]
CU.R?4$&6M5G4RJ/4IG(_*L[PQ+JMYX8W:E;QVEZS2A62$Q!QN.V0QG



M[&!CDBD]EY_Y7_X!6S?D)X.\6;P=_:OB75[*)OMD\!N962
A9650








MCJ6G7QTW6;




\].E.U[_UV

=J\ZB5_HA.3^5+)K&F178M)-1LT



@7.\DY


MB:OIDNF'4X]1M'L I8W2SJ8@!U._.
?C7&^-ELK3QWX.U*:Q

OI4.G7\%GH]D-0UVTO)7C/\ IA*1+<$ EF4 XZ GCI@UYUI]

M7&GI)'=/)I$^8
H54

M


M:Z!J*OJ
2K:E-'F!G)CVMM_=\_O2?Q;IS4]+_UM'_-_=ZE6UM\OQ:_0]6OM
M7TW2S-0U&TM#.VR+[1






QBVL 0F#^\))(..K=.:72_\ 73_-




M/#%TVMV\@CC4Z1(;B-O.WDK\FX#;GYAQVSGBM;7X6_X2J_DU;PUXFUC2=8AA



JT444@BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M0Y2

M;4;V.7RKF[:







OFJKLI&2#L'W2#CC+L']?U]QVWVNV^V?9/M




\OA^#5)7NI87
M@6&$O
?_!_R&]WY?\#_ #/2*Q!X8M3XF;79KS4)
&)6E
ASD]<C^OR_P P_K^O


M*YOPQXGN]=N;JWO-$N[!X K+*\
ZPR@YX5I8HVW#'(V]Q@FNDHL 45YMX\TO









MXSUFWT?Q1:P:?;VNIZ7!'*K_ &HNABDSAP=@.\;3\N
9_B-.S_KY?Y@CI=5\
M

4(V3D+\O..U)Z*_];M?H):_UY)_J=C44]S!:H'N)XX4+!0T

M3((7\



4


_/%5)6;7:_X7_P B






M


CFNK\.:W+KND?;+C3;K3I5=HWAN8G



%U&9+






MM_ZT.7LO EWI&KM=:7JMI!:KI:Z;!;RV+2%$7)5F?S1N.XDG@9'''6JT/@'6






M_P AO7^O7_
QM%\.:AI?B?6-7N-4@N8M2\O



ML^7-&LB9&#@C(_G3;;%;2QQ#_#FY/A^QL(?$
(.[Y64D[











U=







MW5[&[6[@O)+1$C#JK*%
*8&W#'/S GUZ5HZEK.H:!X=NK_5([22X%QY=NEL6
ME7D1;MW.?F&[''7%2:0OBQ-6N%UF719M-?N)+.*6.9GS_ !*S,H&,]&/]
M*=VVW\_GO]XFK*W]?\,9]P-,\'VU_KGB.^\Z?4&C@N)TM7*$8*I&D:[V\GJ


V
MGV1MVP$MGS/


([/5=0@O;77)7EE2U: QEUD F1\C &..N?P[BCI


M.^

M@GN=:MQ%K%DEJ4BL2K1;


D0GM_)$Y&]EXX8C


IQ(OS /SPV-O7/?447_ *^__-A_7Z'%





M=Q+%&]CI@V\






ML%M+;.(;$1F=7*DLQ+M\YV?

MH^5L;^*U7Y(R



QP?+A,H4W;2XV$?CFFZB_A.W\):;-INOW\MA+KEM)$UV_V./ =?-$


@9R1W-4+[6-'U*733XIUJ_CTRYTVV%A=6MM%=QM.%
M(E +0R
DP;NN#Z]*]XHI+^OQ_P _P!_U^'^7XGCR#PV?'5[9ZGJ/VFW3P['O
MCU:ZW$L23(C':'V*C$;1C[V 235;PJ^B7]WX!U_2SO)3IDT'GR1K*QN$:














O/#OC--:C67Q&LTG



X!C$V<



8M/*^8@?\\/-YXX(SV-





_%7Q3HNK_G6/L6I6LJ--'!ZRC$[JZ
P3^

+;%]&$%K?+






MHZ\VZE:$/I(M%83+@S;QF







ZL

M3\/:SK-A'=Z0)H$D:Y4I-%SM*

QV^RYAA<
FH6^.1D9RPQP




F3S
Y64]Q<:;!//:_9[F2(
]NSY\MR.5+8Y

XK@[7XAZ]=VVOW$?ABQ*:%


M5;/2E)N[]/U7]6*BDU\U^O\ 5SOM8^*
EGH&@:YIVBQW=CK

MZM/+\-? \'B5X;'4QJ
7%JKDJQ) .3 ,C@_3CKGBOJ6BQ^*O#FD^)/=];-KNEH#:W$3ADEP/G@
M


X]*YS

COBKNA:_X1TN5K'2_$=M?


M+
BR%MWEAMLB]/F(.



GN20!4DDB0QM
M)*ZHBC+



*
Q0R?
=IP&CWK1A\?:A?:P-+L?E[]J-@E]Y=Y.ENV






MZ?YATO\ UU_R/5**XG4?'EWH4E[;ZQH)2[ALWOH$L[L2I/$A&_YG5




J%
M5D '!SNSG)(QCFNJE\;_ -EWU_::OIK6RVNGK?QM#-YS2QEMFTJ -K[L# +

RQW+6]PL3#.-K&6&/#\Y
MP-PZ\USGC+2M

(B.X(KL%8KDY'W

!O=.@2[ -_B.2%MV

MNW];V_
RO-7M])^TZ%8SO!<W0

MC
4


M S[4MPV.\HKD=5\8WFDQ6=K+HYDUFXA
[VD!GGCB4$#EXH7;OQ\F
@\^I;^




W


JG()





K(0R@JWWL!0P&/O#-:M[XZEM[*\U


M16YN'.
D)MW=/6ETN&[M_7]:E^J;:MIJ:FFF/J%HM^Z[UM3
HE9?4)G./PKG
MX_%U_%J.G6NI:*EHFJJ?L$HN]X


#D@=!3L[_ -=[!?2_]=SOZ*IZK?/INEW%


;S)'+/Y
:QH5#
SA6(Y8 84Y)[=:SE\774R:=:1:+)%K5Z)6%E=RF)8U
MB.'9I K';DC:0ISN' [(#JJ*X1_B/)']F@;0+DWQU-=



]2O-9U#3-+\/&66TM

IP5..X/
&A;2RZC/;R0-(L<4+H6+R32(K!<E3R V21SSFHX/B.;

EOT_$'_ )_@=U17(0^-
MY-UY9W.F+'JMO?I8);Q7.^.5W0.I$A52%VDD_+D8. :?/XRN=-L)GU?19[:]



M.%:-C-+LQ&!@IQC[P(]
5TGCK5=7TK3].;2([9GGU&W@D
TS1_*T@&T$*W7H




M(W&*0 C)4\




M[8O1^&-7'BNYUQ]9LS]HM(K5X%T\CY48MU
IZEFSQT([C)ZNBC^OT!Z_U\SS

(--*P Q$
NR(2_*20-S%CG'0=KM_X(O;B361



L[7M4;1-O-32SEN_LL1E

3*K


]:N=JJ5TW??^O\B8M-:;/7^OO_$X
MK4O!&HZS:W+ZCK5M+J3V



M.6;9._G!/(3!._!^]R 
#GGVJY1NK?UV#K?^M[GD.GVUQHWC_1_#EKXFTO\

5U

K7
:X
MLVM]TBESEQ'+N 56/8JQ&3@CM0U*#1O%7C72[#3C.9]#E9;\I%(D:Q !EA9B
M &RXC8 $\*:]HI)V:\O^&0WK?\ KU.

0

M]'KFA>(Y]#U#R1;SLENDZ31@D@%&XR3@\]:34_!5SK$4\&HZK'>0?9/*M1


8R!TVD5FV'P]N=-M]-2#Q#
\UC?S7:
M22VJ$8E#!T &

)



M/EM6TQXUWR2*WFAP2& 7.!@ \G//(%:FH37-OI]Q-9VGVNY2
M%;^8(_-8#A
M=QX&?4T-W6O7]24K.RZ:'#P_#[6(-#TG3%\161&FZB;])#IC?.VXL%(\[IEF


#

M8236%C]NN5QLM_-$6[D _
OI^EW-ZEM)<M!&9/)C90SX&< L0/



M4K3PUXE\/Z%=VUEX@MGN9[UKN-HM*/+.Y=XVW2L ISC/!4=S7=44[N]_ZWN%

V']?U]

#@5'/X0OI&TN_77Y7UV

MI+%G$TRJ%4*HE&Q .









'&T8(P
Y/3I5JY\#:EJGAW['

%AZD'BGNPV1E0^

03V:VMA]ICEFV3OYP3R


MIG1=#O-3%I+=?98FE

3*K



M;F*W19)
G)W

 &.02.O
M?OTI/X6NZ_$:M=/LU_P3D++6KV=#IVI^);Q&FO-?RW2Y)NN




MYNGME421U!B
CO*SXZX+D\X.00*].BT/2(-
?3(=*L8]/?(:U2W01-GKE 
'




F4





3R225Y-2







M/F# 0+D9.






MSAC&'X^;CCGM3+O2=-U!($O=/M+E+=@\*S0JXC8=N1P1ZBETU_KO^GXCZ_U
M\OS?X'F&CZSJ

*#_6JK[\ILP6SD9W '-=M+X5\.S-&TN@:7(8G
M:2
H!P


XUBWTV]O!+]AGN#:6]RUH.-H65YU8



M640NPBB\T$





0 3SSS38O#VB0-=M%H


+C Y

M?M5]#8^8DPAV[VVC+A.W=L?A6%$SVGB;PXFE:M?7]AK5O
;Q);QY1L!A,A+
M$Q_,0/DP/F& ,O0L#&
(;=$\W/7=@?-GWHOJ

V#M9B-WJV






MUU


MT!Y [4EM;RL/K?S_ 


MGT(!(K(TS4=07PYX0U5]7OY;J76?L$C27+%)(=\B89

Z
/RH4A
;$P1\L6C9QUP=K#IQS3?&.K&


MFJZG';6.OR//J&CQ:9&]U_9]_P3-;2%3OF* A91['H5.!4=G:(WB+QK-I.H
MO;:C.D'V1[F]E;I(-P)0L1]#M.WMP
5WS^']%E2W232+!TMMOD*ULA$6W[N



2/


1W$_AS3K%X^]OJ=Q==2&5DD55GN#N&
C




MA

)

=3FNDET'1Y]3CU
M*;2;&2_BP([I[9#*F.F'(R








:.)%6:
. PZ
 1U'K0G:WD#W?




$\#G':A/5_UW_S_ .B7]=/\OQ/-M0NKTZ3

I6_AOQ7J1U_

4&1
 /+SNR3YO&T
MC%=9X@AGA^'^JPSSR7
ZZ;
Z/H_@JZT6]N[FZN[(+<6+7#21/&M
MN6W!<)M8*

ZQE#SE





5(!]#1M'







R@'/R@G'.
8)FOO'NEV4S[;:]N;6%H5N+R!$
4!E
MP8]V6#$$





LN
]Z.G]?W



M
#Y]F0#@'[IQGO0TK.W];_\  %K=?UV_X)Y'%K$-I\.YM0_M7Q4NO1R3+#=/

M)F$AY!DA@&.?E('!/2FQ:KH?A#PMXJG\(:#=P3V
V+F&7*!92HPX$C?= (X7

WBW1[W6=+MH]/:W%S;7L%VBW#%4?RW

@JRD




D-Y$T,K-+.RH0JLI4! <






TNF?$C1M7744L8KFYNK&'[0;6V:&XDF3IF/RI
M&4G/&TD'ID#-5&\.^

M8O:5#X_33+PZM=^'Y+]8BMFMO'*(G?LTQ//X*!U/7C#_ *_K_(/Z_K_
ZJ&3


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


;-*Q[(N1G !



MD;+#(.#@+EC@X!K4BO(KK3DO;

=(@_M.+2[&]UB^AN;Z17*)^]E*J2DD;+D_Q!AC'I6S

FPG)#/SN 8TG;?^ME_F-Z

P,C ,%EQM(P3CY2
M1FNG\0ZQ!#X%FU.+49K.*6


V6
MX[5!J^KW(UJ/4[/5;QXH_$$5E)*]TT
*)NO(
E9
$G+LJGG@G J%K;S_X'


(






M#Q3('1QZ$'@UY-X8UJXUK4K/4)_'5G:ZG]H:.YT=DE\PD
08C$TY3C^^L8/&

T6N#T^1V



 GIUKA_#^NWFL6/@_2]3U.


Q6WFB/S#




RF-RAR5XZCL3]36S7C]N\UAH%OJMIJ5Y
M'-_PE4D&Q)R(C')=LKJ4'RMD$G+ D'H15F]U.^O/#/B/7AJM[;:]I-]-'#:Q
MW#- C8CC:'.UPZXY());@\CS_K[/\ F-K6WK^;_P CN[/Q$UUXOU#0'T^6
M$VEM'
M.\/'3Y3]M@EF2Z


+?0^&[:4*1N\MO


.#D8/XU;KR+2M0U:]T7P#))KVH WM]/#=%9

ZIJ
VUUJ4?@=
MM8CU[4[G6K767MH0]TS8?:=GE-$
(V5Y^[D=L 4[:V]/Q=OU%?2_P#6S?Z'


=S*RM

MI\J%;(

9=.Q;J\:9BQEW85G
M))R 6QGITP*T_%;)HOBFRU*YO-0&G:C!+8RP1WLR(L^W=&44, K,%901@Y(Q
MS1T7G?\ -_Y6'U?R_)?\.=U6=::C-]A2;5;0:=,\YA6$S3.7VH


MFSJ
  YZ'/M7F6L+AOB%J%EJ=Y$]E;V\]N]M=
H#K;Y5B5.7SQPQ(/IWJZVH
F)O:-^R_1O]!VUMY_JO\
M
]

&T
MC&,L#C(S4,]IKFA6=KJ,QU'4+1+9KJ^MH]8E6XM7;)W*'?#HJ_*%8X^4G!)J
MFK;]/Z_X(HOF2:Z_U_P#U&FR.L4;2.<*H+$^@%8.N:M!%X%NM5BU&6RA:S\R
M.\\GS'CW+\K;#C)Y'!Q7%V+3-J/B71KZ[OX;5M+AN88)M6DEF5R)QW[MRD[
M 2BL5P/0D5

L;L709I#



(BW/7


<'\]2H); Y7!
MR



/)_UK+_ /2
M*Q_$GB;3OFF)?ZFSB%YDA C )RQZX)' &2?8&J7@W4UOK2\M9+6_M+RRF6&
MYMKRY^T&)MBD!9




ULW56O)-KLRR9^3=M;

0!DGYNY(X' IVV\_\



M[;!81):LV-I?





]#5TT^O]?J=FGV_K] \(^%K?1?#UM;7FE:7%J'V9+:[EM4#



@9IMN3O\ UU8OA5OZ['4/HFDRZA#?


M[H6K%A%=
$



':2
C(ZXJS1
M0!DKX6\/)$(ET'2Q& XSCP _WQC'\7?U[TK^&= D-H7T/36-F +8M:1GR










M$;..C%0
$C Y]JU:* 

MGVD%B00;:*%5B(/7Y0

9BB9K98T/55XX!
M]!Q6C10!R^H:#JEYJ%KIT/\ 95MX5A6-VMXH6$[,C;@@P0BQY]L\$5N7ND:




M+&@SUX  J'3M$TG2#
=
TNRLC



M]NE
NMTB^U'4+O2K&XO8


M=:07

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH XW7?5UJ7B&WU.QAL[&[29VIPW$D






M&@^)G\3:OJ:P:0\=YI:V

MW%S9VZP


M+I;^NO\ FQ]=?ZV_R/+O!^CZEXB\$V&GR_8X]'74)+AIDE8SOY=RSA-FW: 2


MW2-

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH X?Q
M1XX33M=.C072V:6\23ZAJ#VSSK;(QPJX48!;GYFPJCKGI75V\\=KHJ7$M^UW
M%'!YC7;[








2RPR


MTKG 55VS$=V)+$#CUI2OR-=;O_@?\ :^-=K+]?\ @'!?#_Q)JWC#P]#Y_CRX
MC\03-*%M(H;

M6N6\-Q%JFDP6D&5O[9[1UFE88?*/O( ' .W/+=!UJ:OI'^M!0=G=_P!:C_#'
MBR7Q!\-X?$-M#]IO?LC
(M!U?QS=VEI8B+[$!
M'9++

Z[B5R% 7(&!P!TK

'/2O1M'NM0O+22?4
,?*4<D'&<Y Z]ZZCQKX7B\8^$[[1))C9U!CEQG8
MZD
I([C(YJJFVG];?\'YDT]]?ZW_ . 5-&M/$U[I$&IWFN^5?W$ D%FEK&;6
M(L

^GE_P-



T$ 





M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

/!'V=MJR,O/5
MMP/4&A:V7?\ X/\ D#TN^W_ _P SO;_MM3LH[NTDWQ/G!(*D$<$$'D$'@@\
M@U!JFMZ;HRQF_NEC:4E8HE4O)*0
X1%!9C[ &L3PZSP^-?%EDN?LXEM[E1V5
MWCPP'UV _C7-6)F?]HC4?[1! 325&F[NA7*[]OOG=FA:M+NK_@#T3?;_ ('^



B
P@$R-R







X)

;N.O!

QM&JAX@W3?GY1@\CBJFDF[?UL3Z


M-

M)7_/\O\ 

M3K_%BFVEF]AX6D-D!)?26QE




M:*.)+A[=2-Q4%?+












WDSLD0Y5L''![
M]*X_6]'UB/Q/=:]X2O[5M1$


M1M

4JL2S


M202Z9/J
MX6XMM8DL#=00*US=1K'O'E)L9-X) 8E=H 8\4[=OZZ!Z_P!?U8](HKRFT\4^
M*;FS\


MBXR5)'?-.W;^MO\P/29)$BC:21@J(S

TDMIXYI^%)8
?L\
M:%#P


1)).3P-P/49


;0C?O \K:1M#*20?FQTR

Y^8#.
6H&T'GIG [TET[?\Y5M_ZZI'KM9%QXCLK;Q/9^'W2Y^VW43S1M









!SGGG. .*UM/U2UU.

 $K/;R

MOZ_X -?B2:;X3T?2-:O=7LH)X[Z^.;F1KN5Q(?=68KQVXX' P*I7'P[\*72W








4KZ



M
LI4D?4&LN/QKH
C3JMS/YD
1G

=7C4IF1?= 13H_&.B3:9I^HQSW



5




M)(V5V1XV'1D=2&4^X(-9=WX%\.7NA'19[!SI[2^=)$MS*IE?KND8



MT6747OTMYK:YE;?*]G=2V_G'UD$;*'Z?Q T)XMT62P:\2ZE95F^SF$6TIG$N
M





!
KEA*

_C70$L(+[[9*UK-
M&)1+':RN(T/1I
*?+'!Y?:.#4T'BG2;K6)M*@EN'O(81.RBSFVF
]&#[=K ]



WVA2E[.CM+
MQB1W5PSL
##


;=QP


M!.+DO]OG$CRC&UWD#[G(P
BV6H+97%X5E,JPEQ[1)(V-J/(%V(QR


M:U#W
KB'=UAF(_[/0=A3I?&WAR'5)M-;5(VNX98X98XT9_+=VVJ&*@@9/'
P^1
M.T=_.@:


MM8:^TT)(;A[N.))4.


GGPR0K+&.KQLZ@2*.N5)%5X?'WAB
MXCM98=55X+J5H89Q%)Y32+G*F3;M!X. 2
]LT!YF]:VT=G:Q6T1D




5X


K!B6R<Y)SGG-1?\)OX;W62)JT,DM]9[:*(
\

9)&.M6(_%.C2Z

(O%JMJ%Y=VT%W$+<72E&B
M5H]Q3857;@DC! /'.35ZZ\2:-IM[XBU+4[R_N-/MHS=V$.Z5(
;L;5 PK'G

MGIQ3::W$FG:QD77@O0;R*QBDM9E2QE
\ ANYHMLI.2YV.-S9S\S9/)]35G2_

MH#93K

%



G@708SII$5\?[
;=9[M2N3


M[AO8/.@+%







M]2^RQV85IQ=P20

9
M-4[KQ9X9U2ZL+9/$

O$32;1X+QS/;D1LT8C!&)<L/EW<=B.^0/2J*

S
/ED+#[^ 1W7T

M& /0XSS33L*QR
^EW7B'Q?
VJZ9J=I864.RQN8-0\D2
3^\8^3*'Y 7 (Q@'

MC;:E9R6EY DUO(
/&XR#WJ6M++L4GK?T_ \CT'6[R[U2!]1T3Q0UY'ITEA8^



M\
:/K^F7/A::?
M1I$^RZ



WOVI-?\ [0:/[3;?


1P



3LZGYMIX''I0T;PW.W

M_9O8IM_MRW

M33YY);B9)(5!T*#AG#$@G)P.G3)XKG[SPKJEMXPU)V\$:%XALM1N?/CU\:
M)9+7*@%7W(S


MN'RL0K+D$;2%XX.:S=1\)^*+S1T_T7^U(-.ODGLM+UUX99)HO+9'C=URA^]E
MQ)]37K%%.X'GD/AHWWAHZ\%Q:'
)_.CMM$NHDN(756 D$@V(6.=N.F#R3T
M'3^&HM;A\.+'K
GG7X
=:7HOB2UU3P]J<^ASF:RCN8KF!+F.)-P&

=\@^;R2)
8]5



ZI%XUO-1C\&:/XIL=1$7S7LD22
1Q@YK69T0J&8*6.%


[P 3@'G'S#J!6K33:_KO_PX/73^M/\ ACF/




M=68:AH5I?:/XGM]
TV=OL3_V01%&7#(N^X$AWH ^ 0BYX))KVJ:&.X@DAF19

=L 8[4ENK[?\/_

M2!=VLD.;IXVD#

# B=EV^ISGMCO735D:EXCLM+UK2]*N([DW&I.R0
D)
8(






)%&.!ZGU
M)]SS5VD];(-=7W/*?#NB^)-

MCOD!=
T'Q+;1V6H'0IEFL-:N[TV4MS#NGBGWX*%7*[UW=&('7!KU6BFFT#U_
MKU_S.


M.
O-U*]T+2K@Z5JECK5C:+#!+87L(DC. KAF\MDR





8

MPZJTGS\[
C ZYZU-8\-^*6\'Z]X7M=)6Y:[OFN8+\W*+&Z/
22
-N4



0FMU



M37$]E\[6WV1Q'

\$:!H^J1ZE8VUQ%=1PB!6^VSL








MOJ!STFKZMKU_XB32]8_LX:.4$)#'(MP3&)-TFY2=AS@;IX)S63HGB7Q/XK


:4\YN&MGEE6-DC66YE9(]P(.Q2Q$
M@D%E .#4V@Z-#H6A6^E0@B%2J)O9PBDDA06)) !P
]A2^S;J/J
M]2L=3U#4]

MI

MIVB6T%Y

\9B-_ESMZC*C

MX=)TJSU*]CN;Z]:TN)KZT2*Y

#'2BZO?^NG^3^\3VLOZW_X'



M3%K4SS22B#)!P@=B% (& 
 =@*T]4T/3M:-J=0M_--K)YL)$C(5;!!Y4C(()


M6VZ--PD9AG=E\[

6ZQB)B@+8*]0


S7*^(/L$




!ASLB4
M'(;D(
CT(S6;XEN]8G&N:1-KMX4L-5T[RIDCA20I



M^$7-O;$K=W^ F\#AI-@ Z]=H^@KA/^$E\1VL'BJ--0N)#8Z7%J%I-J5G&KY.






)@M_
OYWQG
MJI4N0P/0@@Y  [HXOA_X6ADM7&DH_V20RVRS2R2) Q_N*S$(
\[0 
CI577

\
0A$RWDRR2


-LV\#C&
C/6J3_#WPW):


MUY&OX=BU
6(N=2U/[:;E(Y47R%C$.4&Y1MZ@MD\\C.*X_2-:\7^(;@:O87NE



M8-M*@Y!82RA


)KR1YHU(_P!6)!(Q0#T1

Y-^]/H&%&VG];O\ S7W$K5+^

0R';(JMSMP#@\#(Q-JG
MBK51=?;-
U9&T_5+\:?8M/)%%#'B
EI%D$3G)=2J[@PSGCD8Z?5;74-'TN+3
86!P?*P0
9YJU=7?C73=%B6^)NI([S_29='



MQ2;L2M'Y;9#$%67C!&
-AT9'4AE/N#0[7N-'FGBC4-6O/!7CC1[W49GDT<*!=QQ1
MJ;J-XPP20;2 1GDH%[8Q5_5=)U!?&7@V ^)M58R1W)$ACM=R$1@\8AQR#@Y!


D$$)ZCWK4U
MJ_\ $'ARZA;4+_4KC20)9)-0LK&)S$2QVK-&%+%%7'S( 3W(J_#\

@CZU+6+I_AVTT

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% ')

KVL+2-#@$J78(RQ@D8RV
\X.:H:#KNE_8_#DN


M'0GA

(WVLN

(
MI58EI



=:XKP_X:U?0O%^@(VG


Z<VGW.YTEMFE678RL00'7AA
MQU%<4FAZWH\]VFB:=J:Z9+;2^=ITUW!)$977Y1;EGW)ACR&*KCH:SFG9KR+

M9PW3=ZUI4?O-KN_S=OT

M SO[7Q1HUV-0*7@C_L_FZ%Q&\)B7&0Q#@?*00PX/8U6_P$ATW6X;[3[#4+


M44%F.

W_6Z_0E?#;^NIZ&?'?AE
M?LP?5HDEN9&AB@='68N.JF



M=[=QZYKVFIH?B%K34TA&H?V9IOVT
?+ .R7S%$;8PI!5N@( S5V\T2]N?$#:
O3IX<F-M-H\-G;FVD@2-I$#Y*9 57YQC
M('0].,L\-:-KVG3^&);C1'46VC-IMTCW$7[IPT9W':QRI'&
GID#LU;^O\

LC

^'QMH5RTR6US/-)'

GC=C&

M8_+C65MQ\Q20^Y23C:I!XY':]I&GZOIOC/Q%?/HE[):36

M



MMO#G@FQD\.7@FTF]

=/AEFFE?)/[L$LQ

M+\&Z;9W]JBWEI:)$T



FKP^#M)\3V=[!%&T-\\226CKGD
ZL-I!Y SR*O:5I.J6GQ)



0(.2Z



MY#T1Y0NQ6Y'#
#R/6N

M<_

EQ$I9A#Y1!#L



M(&C9 


M\I@




M+=8KVXB=PRR

9XS
VD4J-HL3
M+JIA&<QW4@9-OI@X,F/4YK8\66VJ7$^D-861N(8[HM<M#Y0N(EV$!HVD(\G

):0@DO(20XZ\G!SCC,MUH'B2YUS5]0AT25 FLV^I6\
M4]Q%NTCC$93Y7.UN-R[@!P




M3-?ANK*6UU&6!9;*2


D/;6%Y8^)+.QBLTN;^B:%@H( G5\!D'4[58C<<9Q4VKZ7XCN-0\8
!M!SQC.
M:O6.H6^HPF6W

MDYS@@DXQDYHT Z2BBBD


'I?R.]HK@SXE\57-]XG@M8-(A.B.I1)!)*;AF_!;*[1CG#

*
9=E9?F[8-UU_
MK4=M;?U_6IZ15--4LY-7ETI9LWL4*SO%M/

MZ+3S+IJ1-)!=!F:X=T#[%(91&

MS3





\<L:D[05RH4_*<Y8\D8K)L_&?BR[\.W6M_V;IQAMKF


MR2F8QY(5P,D9Z'KVJMX9UJ/7=*^V1:C8WZ;MHFLT9!G:,AD9F*-G/RDG Q7
M#6-]K.EW/CW4]*^PNMGJ;3RP7,;$S*L$JK!@$.!P2&^E#T;OV_R_P P6JT[


MNYIT




M]OZZ_P073U_KI_F=KH7B#2_$VEKJ6CW0N;-F9%D
F2#@\
 :TJ\OU#Q%XB

OK@URQ\0:Q;:W8:=JB6
EMJ


[KFZ0RX91E






C* KN

O)8].?4;61!)H1&NCC+$L-P((*A
MO]FE?^OE_D.W]?
]#HKB(_$7B.34K#27&DQ7FIP&[MY1'(Z01*B;@Z[E+MO;


M];V_

MCMK8[JBN%@\7:YJ.J^'K2TM-/MX=8TMKT32L\C1.%4D;!MR 7'\0SSR

MQMKS:+IVJW$.F^4VJ_V7=0QQOND/G&+S$8M\@R

5U:_]


TDAD!1XM_*QD @':#@G/;CK5FT\;:E+9+9RPVC:Q)K$



MUJ]CX6DNKFSN-6AMR[10R^5
M\@'0

Q14^9G!&X#YU)')]*ANWUZV^
M)]C+='3;F\71+IX%B5X4SO3Y6)+GCCYAU_NBEL]=O^ W^@?U^*_S/3*IZCJE
MGI



9Y
MZ57*[V_K=+]4*^E_ZZ_Y



V
M^G-J-M/&)((WC5@KJR$N0PR/FP<]JLZAXKU[1[.QN]5_LZVLKQT;[9%:S3Q








AU5W=V]C;/<W4JQ
M0H


Z^LE_%&AQWFH6CZG;K-IT0FO%+





P3CRT\
MX'J#&DTNTCC^(YSVIV_KYK_




MWMI!?V2V
]O;




MR(S
S=R3]
&IM\)1^'],N+&VU;4I4FN6N?,E,6]79MS8VQJ,$]00?3I70T4
M 96BZ#;Z*;N1)Y[FYO)?-N;F?;OE8 *0BJHP !P!^=9]SX)T^XO+^47=]#;

MT7J
*' Y. 





0<=JZ:BD/S,O3O#]AIFA-H
M\O]E<2!]S?

5BV_@UMAIYBUK5Q)I]L]K;22(%(VVX


MMJ%\E]I@Q;:C&8UG4$8(/R;  05QQZ\UA^+/#[V7AAK+39;]9;V\6:]U!+




K!E88( Y !'8BMBBD!QMK\.;.ROM.N;




Z_K$LZ

M%%




'PUTK9IT+ZCJ[VNF3B:QM_M6U;?@

MW\/-

&+*0NX9(R06..

\FG1W


DGN

M=WUO:ZB2U]90R*(;DD8).5+*2
9V



P);)4'((/'7'%/T#PK!H
6HQ#4+V^



2+47D@,N-SL 4(@88UW8    P!113OH 4
M444@BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB





F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P!



M%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 
F%H^V:C_T_P#R86BP7-BL_[9J/\ T__ 86C[9J



F%HL%S0HK/



M0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 
F%JY \DD*M-%Y4ASE-P;'XBBP7)****0PH
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
9HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#_V0$!
end







begin 644 ex10-45_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 2G U8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M=S!%8&*]O+)Q(H!FCQAER&=4\Y@.2

LA.(V('F


'#DG.TXW88?=YR5_7]?U\@6]OZZ?U^I
MZDD\

!5/3?$6B:U*\6E:QI
M]])&-SK:W22E1ZD*3@5R^J7T]U\(+:_N;F-9Y+.UFDGF'RAB4)9AD<9Y/(_

8!SO[




J*6
M9@J@9))P *\OTG5=-U7P9X3TW2[ZUNM8MWLV

YQ
];^M[$=E


M7EEGM_

]?F(


C/-7-[8ZXSZ]8ZU90QR7MI]K^RSQS&TMX_
V2


H'SD [0'P0.

MW$UYJ-G;Q6Q59WFG5!$6^Z&)/RYR
9ZYJK'XK\.S6
U]%K^EO:0L%EN%O(S'

M/[%T'0=;O+JRBU!KIKRX:_D:*266-@0TH5O+VAL*6&/E]Z2_R_'_AA_P!?






M!E)H9 Z
.G!'!KS&%K6X6XN[OQ3#96RZP+L:S9QH+:X8P;=J&3?'&%X!+%@6


$^8
[@
@G%-JU_Z_K^MQ)WM
M_7]?UH=E=Z_HUA8PWUYJUA;6D^/*GFN42.3(R-K$X/'/%6!J-B;.&\%Y;_99





MV!+NW$_



-M
+Y
MUC9(I8Y0?)8P(
(0HSD$J23BEMO%%AILNI:[K#:41=WD:Z8\4ZMTOD 
R3
MN%&

MKIVEI$^H7]K:+*X2-KB98P['H!DC)]JX!K


=(STJM%K$UI'I=QJ%UIR:M:VT^DW
5_*R1LX9

CI16-X1@N[;P=HT%\&%U'9Q+*&'(
M8*
@ULTY*S:$G=!1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

W'[F=V
9QU[]
M:LT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M45Q(\2^(KCQAK6DP6^E16VF+;S%Y&D=I(G+%NF
-M7@8(!&
G.1#H?BCQ9KM

XRNQ#SUXH6O]?UV!Z'32^)M(AUB+2I+
MIA=ROY2?N7




M(=#L_$2FTTR[NM)N+9!(/
A1HY@-ORY8E@2 ?F (YXZ4[=/Z^S_\D/K_ %W?






=M=3U $$ CH:6N#U#QKJ'AN_P!4AU:&TG@MM*7481;!D8'?
ML\MBQ(;G'S +]*??^(_$6D:C9V5\VEN=4AE:SFAMY







M=3TDWIN)/
?RW 3(\L$97+CC?D\\C'


M6ZV_%+_




CU-9U])K$UU\0X[N
M_MIK*RV)+5E95
#



K=
M71Z]17

R@J6)P !N')ZUS-SX_\2PVH
M:/2](=8]9329+G[3)B1RX!98]F 
'_GHV#ZXIV=[?UV_-ATO_77_ 9Z917G
M]UXG\8+?W.DV.E6M[J-BJR7#VR(8G#EBBXDGC95 RPWC)/''
E]XM\3SWC:



%*CJK#(;C@\YP&V/C;5)1X6O[J&R6PUR%BT
:N9(&$1D



&OIWC;7[C3-!U6ZM]
I!QUI+6


C++LP3D#GFMC7-(O-3ETZ:QU5M/EL[D2L1 LHE3!#(0W3()

M*36K:VT$W



M $N[CM+W9$SQSJQ0JT?S@ID

1Y(
M

6(8$$\;01Z




M\/A-$+V=M!=&Y*RJ)49R&^3)V':K8&6P0.3GBN_CG54\.VWBX0V+:#-.(VMM
MC?:$C:7RQ)YF[:3T)3:
?WJ$KVM_73\Q_P!?K^1Z%17F]UXW\2P:3XCU)K72

UKZ_M-
L

RZM'YME'AMTJ;2V[&
@8!Y./


ZN+I)IG*'<BEI$8
_' S1M^'_ _(-_Q*\_A5+CQ/8:\^K:A]ILH

MQCKGN

MM;B9?
 /3*YSS3U3_KYBZ'




MYP20 !#J?PTM=6GU22X\0:TJZF\;W



M3LY[GRQ-Y



M)VCH


');YL@CGVXJSI_@^TLYH)+F^OM1-K&\-J+U

5-*UBPAU1)X/
M7VR3-$\BH2%+9



M'JSQCKGN


*;2S;3YHUC@B\F?[6NT-(2#\V!G;E


M;VM5M]8U=;JTFEFM[P/)8_




QR(W1E(P0:P;#P9:V#6V[4M1NELE9;!;EXW%GE2N






MY)!(WD

!(^\8P
M00
^PJCX?U;5M4\*7
M_KUO9WL.JRVWVPVZ*C+'-MV!&.!N (ZDC/4U;3NT_

M3/#C:+'J5]

6H:G96DDYQ$EQ.L9D/HH)&?PJ7K\QK3Y'G7B
M#P=/HWA?3O#VGZOK3Z?'
7
\^G1ZDL2!2!$T*IEU);(R%QU& *LZ1X'U+5-
M'@L=5\1W;:?:S175BUKI4.GLKKR T3(V I (&%Y)R
5UJ^+]%?Q1-X=&HVH
MOXHA(R-


@.=KX'(Y

M=(NJZ<]I#=K?






LMH\A.2YC'4YYP3CVJ%_AGI=QI5]87FI:I<K=7GV\3/)&DMO

M  HV0')Q^ +*.RLHO[7UF6[L[D7

1C;CDGKS5RQ\)Q




MAM+=-D

M+
P50
DDX %%^H6.?EL9M7\66E]+$\5EI0D\KS%P9IW&TL!UVJNX9[EN.!DV

6MKRU91)'N&&'S!E((ZA@17-Z/XH3Q/K5[-I_BRR@




M0#IQ6O=Z+%J/AV?1M0N;B[BG@::9RJR.
$_(JJ#] *?'KVCRZ6VJ1ZM8OI
MZYW7:W*&(8X.7SC]:MV]S!=0B:WFCFB;H\;!E/XBA]4'6YR\O@*WF=I7US6/
M/:Q^P-


@['B;PW'XHT^.RGU&]LX4E64_9/+!
M=E8
N2Z-T(!XQ[YJW#KND7.G'48-5L9;$'!N4N$:
'TW XIC^(]#CCNI'UG3



$




M-:$EM8_8(@[0.%BP/6+KD!OJ/3(KL%97171@RL
@@Y!%5-3U*STRT
UYJ%I8
MJWR)+=2!4W'IU(SSVS1M_7]=W]X;_P!?UV.(U'11H'A1?!-E8:SK46HQRQQ7

0VT2Q+] 
9KE_!GBEKCP8



MJOCCP]I-II]U-JUBT%_

:]%DNHV9NV19


J*



VDNJ%E\P;!


 \GBI;+5+/49KR*UF\Q[.;

M]1@CV(KRS7[+5'\$^)- DT#4+O6;C46N$F2V+QSQF92CB7&W*IA=I(88Z8YK
BC^OR_R$M#RC6)6;7;62U\







#GYB!GI[U.ZM_7;_)%

MP 
5CR'5K/53X&
MNMD\/:E=:VFKBYDD2V++

MIM::(-S,BJ!N. WC/&#S7L%%-.VW];/]!-7W_K?_

0P.

M/#;3R
X-=!10]4UW!:-

M*[BBJYM;^OXV_P A6TM_77_




@
X4-CY0?O''0





M4

TQ=+O+2_T*:.6
M]FEM7C6-51@ZH^





!QSG
MMGK7J59


_-

M?UZ_YG(ZU;WEMK?C51I=]/\ VKI


M












MV


FC)XD2XTW3KFYTF'P\(

3MN9F%4QD@\@=22.O%-\(1WUH/!$LVDZHHM],N+*=6LY$:*4F,@
M,& VJ0IPQ^7CK7J-O;Q6LPPKMC7H








MOA/Q/;LMY!-?6VH7LZ7=XD888C)E9P5W @Y!.
8V6DV&IZ%<WMEI7BGP_++=)<YN_

MK^VM;&WUO3;D37MU)%'=V]BT4;+P5DE0G



5&6/'R@@=SZ\4[_

M%!^[Z[6 Q_P'J


6D
MO9FWU.&5(_NQ!N4CD97R.A7D ].




ZMN*(R.PVX7YNRJ:ZR?
M1_[.TC3K[0;?5]$N+:18+.:TDOU=)'W&.906922,Y#?+GD\8KT6UM([1'E

#1-=EN+BWTF^TJYL+];&.XD'E?Z/D@
M!DC


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#C[OQ

M8&X

\YQGWH73

^M:'_


MW$NDK$7O5N#;QGS
')C?(4*NXG
N3@8^]QC:OXJUO4?!GB^&.\M$N=



6CVY C);:

/XFSSTK-'C76(]

?FP.A &!@H[3P)IMGY<7=\VFPS_:(--D=&@AD!W K
M\N_ /(4L5![=*-+Z_P!:_P7WMI;^MO\S 3QQXB&CSZM/:Z7%#::S_9TUO&
M9)&D7S5C+*Y*[2Q/*G([MBR\6R7'CYT6ZN+2RD28I!9W


MD%OJ0NH[@B5F=)H-P8*






74$D_7
MVXJ=;?UV?_ *TO\ UY?\$JZ9XRU'Q#;:%;:=%:6NH:CIYOYI)T:6*% 0I 4

]JM6?P\L=/M-
BM=6U6*Y
MTQ&AMKQ7B\T1
03&P\O8R\#JI/O6IX:\*Z?X5MKF#3Y+MTN9VN)/M$[2?
Q)

M2]OXHN(K;2(QH-PP





_QC.9=2\-Z.W_'O

MZ!NW/:M'Q-I



DC#EGVY .TCUXK1@^'EG#IGV+^V-5=EO_ .T8;EFA
M$D
Y)+


MGG'8 5/3^NT?\G]XWO?^MW_FON


M.*MW'P_LI[6TA35=3MVM[W^T&EB
.Z:X_OOF




MU+X7\-Q^%M)73;?4;V[MD)


M&
?

?];_\  $_+^MO^<X_C?Q/


2RYPQ.

M;12GER8Q@$E2RC*@_*PYSZT*VC_JW]?D)]5_5_Z_



















MO]
TF[D\2ZW+/I:LEN\AMV)###;CY/S$C R?3UYI+9)_UO\ YK^EJ2U;M_6W



MOO[05LV^[S=^_.?)QC?\V

N[2&55CDDXS)



ME9QV-C#9Q-(T4*!%
LAD8@#'+










MA)B .XHNQ
1*6 ^Z 




M22W


ML6!V




\EO



M0Z4US:73


M&

0
\




AEV^9]X;2.&

:RL54MC@$@$@?@:\+U5OD
M7@0W&BZ_J$MA-JMJ4:X(LH0=X$@BC1(E(Y+84@'GKFO9+6UT?0=#N)+
P6N



2%
GT5PGC6SC\7:4OB183X8DM958W0!MA<[EV^;GY?N@[2




MS:LS('4$?

M
E\P*R828J!M7( 6



M]E&6EB\PF

6< N)DE,@E9$\\D9


26
X
=ZF-I)MCC+




MT^.2$KMP?))@=D??D@IC(*D=J=K.W];7%Y_UO8]BU:YN;/2+NZM(HI;B&)I$
M25RBL0

M7Q2LLK1Z=$=%6^7


@@
MQ]

M(0

M=6BU&Q-]%XHWV]P+@%XU



\/D-;VXFVD*






MTO3]3V*BO)A+X0/Q#C@:ZTMK&[T$RW2-.ICN'!!5I
G#MY98Y;)QSVS6#HU[

F
MAR



M8;@2=T#LDW0Y4*V

]N:TJ\3






MWVS[)]HB^T[/

M*+?U]_\ DPO_ %\D_P!3M**X[3O&-WKOAR]U32[2P;RX9'B!OBQ1E PLRA
H
3(47RPMQ@)'ALG;N!]
MN:]&N_$=WX7TC1],NX9-3UV2T!D\N.9U8H%#NQBCD8#+#!V')]*72_I^*O\
MAU#K;U.KEN[::&&:XBCEG8K$CN TA )(4'J< GCTJ:O-;N_37/$?@75YM(G
MT^]:]N(72Z@*2J!#)PRABA/(R!] :U(?B]UJT

M0Q4O_J?+


MX'! ]1GGC%J.U1+N6Y+


9K5
M3LM6TW4I9XK#4+2ZDMVV3+!
KF-O1@#P?8UQ'B+Q=J;^&/%-@=.BLM:TZR:6

M6& ]MIQVS1T;_K^M [+^NG^9NS7


-DC;D8/!H_K\O\ 
/Z_/_([&F3316\+S3RI%$@R

D4I72'%7=CT6.1)H


VDPTI9;2STVWGFN+BY\A7#+C9=C

;@ !G)SBK

XD\
MR%%4D=-K./?IG2U37[B#65T;2K&.]U(VQNG2:X

:1[MHRX5CDG.!M[')%2U






A


M)&
@Y-.VM@.KHK/UO6+?0='GU*Z61HX@/DC4LS


K(0R@JWWL!0P&/O#-:]_XVG@@U/4++2/M
MFE:5

M/K?]GZ$9XM+M8[PRS7:QK/$ZL^5VACG:N0!GOM[]0FLVA\/+K
MG

@15AHAP .'R#_LBG;6S_ *Z;T_K^NAWSND2
\C*B*
E
MF. !20S17


VY 
9& 






A!;!(!4=#DT!Y':45PMU\17$

NV
M=OI@$'(+ =C17$V7CZ:ZLM#OY-&\FRU.[^Q



M;7]O9K9V=TL
317+

TTG_7R_S0?U^?\ D=4[K&C.

WGAU*L1() 
%3Q@'!YYZ




-X&C#R*J
MQYB3)R
DC.XJ

H%QM(0\[L@








MR2 7-V7\J


9Z#&:ZB_\ [1_T;^S_ ++_ *]?M'VC=_JOXMF/XNF
\466I6NH
M37D5M()&LYO(F(Z!]JL1^ 84;_UVV#^OO


%E+;BU

YN;;SY+1[4FTLQ TH< %I6W'S



G?3^NO\ P3AM/\ 7EC-I
M4G]N([:==RSB460$LZNK*?

M)+5S:

MG@




MU(NL1QKJ31.K2V?FRP&

MMFHK#[;_ &?;_P!H^1]M\M?/^SY\O?CG;NYQGIFE^G]?H'ZG.ZEX/DU?4M.N

'@'DD8X






MT






MHMVUZS5=?8%R--;
(A,#]]S\H'X\^U=Y13;;=VTV/._$FA7NG1OXAU#Q!I




=*Z2BD]=06FQDZWX?M==

M(PXQGCOC
MICNJ* ..T[P9JRZ1?Z9KGBR[U:VN+9[6)3;1P^4C#&21DNV.Y/X4VV\$WXU#
M1+R\\0&1]+M9+0);V:QK

MO9V&/ISQS0M?!.L6T_AF0:]9
-@:!1_9K#S@R[3^^X.T+^.3T.!V]%):?U
MZ_YL;U_KT_R1R&C^$=2TS1+W3IM5T^\%U=37)$NF$Q$R$EE9#*=R[CD8(X&.
[NGMHYQ=(6^:
X4$%CC P!P!5O_ (135T\3VFLIKT
AMK)[15N+
M$N[[R&+LRR*
[U!P%  X'J.MHI?U_7WC//HOA]K


M[_)!_7YO]69]Y:WM]H$MH)X8+V:W\MI6B
B*Q&&.T




6N&W

M+$?FHRE0A( R


M;69H]/B:-+B[WA)0K@[59B%97*@8Y4L 

M]VZM;&Y&1



M_P#B9%29P78*AW\$@1G:O!!Z'/*:;+X8_M[P
BW6GE;W1Y([P&X4_:




M2RVX9FN%D39@XSN SSU SVS7




SR3/O=WQD\8 X[  #_Z^:GI+1I_UT![-?UU/!M3N_#L^@?$*








KSE6MENQL $V?E! # ;NASWKV.BG?\ K[[_ )W%TLOZ




VFDG;=$;OW'D'J8]N 0./O9[UJ(OAI_C1$E^NC-J?]
ME1EPPB+_ &P2 \=_
VXQ_%C':O4J*2TM_72W_!?F.6M_ZZW_ .!Z&+X6_L3^

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117
?$+6-7T#P3J&I:%:
M_:+^(+L787V@L S;1UP

?$WB[2+^7Q GG1PNHM[WR

#D#O7J54U8E.X5S$WQ!\/031Q/+J.Z65H(BNE73+*ZYRJ
(R
M'/!^[GI73UQ'C2-(O$'@=(T5$75B JC  \F2DMTAO1-FI!XWTBZU.PT^!;YI
MKV22)#)92PA&12S!_





?+_A8. OXJWTHZV_KH.^ESMM-U&UU?3;?4+&7S;6X021/M*[
M<W#8MJ/C/Q383ZIJ
M:6J0VTJ1Q7\L?E.P?+*0V5'RCY1\I[@UF:#J=WJU_P!K^])DN9+]W.1@R8
MV -_P( '\:2Z/^NO^0N_]=O\STRBO+DU#49/!-EXRCO[PZI+=Q[[?[0YA*-<
M


T@DVEPQ;*$_[

M^4CBK%W!.]WXY3^T]5C6TBCN;=4OY1Y
AB+_ G=PN1]W[OMTJ6[*_S_ ?Z
:2V<7B'Q%X)OKV6]66\TN

\9S@5VVOW[Z/H%Q/;H9;@((K:






EWI_@_Q!J46J:HT^E:PXM?
OI6 02(-C9)WKAB


MJ2*M4 %8FL^$](U^]MKO4$NWGM3N@



8 X%:
^M:;I\=HNHZE9VLMP (EN)UC
C'LH)&3]*EU0:BVF
MS?V3+;1WNW
37


M)YJEAR96 QCT.?:NEU'5]

MK^NG_ *4?A71HM0^VI:
)/-


#+/&/BZRTQL%_M2SM9M0N(XDEEF
M0;(F8;Y0&X(4=SD D9]*F_M:+PSX4N-6UG7X]1M(P9HKPQHADC/*+\GRNQZ
MJ!G(XH6BOV#=VZLO2^&M,FUR366CN!?R0&V:5+N51Y?]T*&VCUR!G//7FJ2^
M!/#ZZ?96V]V+:QG^TVR#4+C


D=L=\UU5QK&F6FG+J-SJ-I#8L 5N9)U6(@]&)QS3
MM;^O-_KJ&_\ 7E_EH59?#.DS:E)?M;R:4@S*EQ(D4Q QF2


L#T'I4





M:Q(# R;(!


MI-K?/=P6\B
\AE





MT
M51@UK2KG49=.@U.REOHAF2VCG5I$'NH.17)6_B;_ (2;Q7?Z=I'BFTLVT^:-
M8X(O)G^UKM#2$@_-@9VY0C!!SGI0M78.ESNZ*YGQ?KVJ: FF36-M9RV]Q?0V




M44@BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


DGM


#_ /(I+^T+PS
MX9LKC3]1D


MZA9W#(ZJI1G7''!QS[5[C13O_7S;_425E;^MDOT.?\(65I:^&XXK+2;S2[:5








,/!EC;:K<;W
MDFTZ\N;)XXIMX#2QF0(J#+;P




*7=VDL$EQ831)(JQ(A(9D
M ^\#QG)ZC(KN**KFUOZ_C;_(5M+?UU_S.*^)

-G?W
@U.VG86EG+/

 621I$
:@X'$
^\/?V#J\\4NHRV]_<7FIIAE<-
I&]% R^SY1P
<J17HE
M%._]?=_D@_K\_P#-GG'AZUU/2[#QC/K]A_:5I)?RR&SM]+;?=Y5 617=@R'H

MSH]NP$L%P@61

M !D]!74U3MT)5^H5Y?=:R+7Q5J=CXGU34]&O9IV71[Q9W2S

MF G)X[5ZA7(:KHOB#4-*OM)FCTC4+2\DFQ)=R.K6\;
2HV;&$A4'CE
8 ]ZD


_O(PASG!(

&GZ)XCT&S\+Z4VC65V8;UY$L+%0/.D*EBWWVP!P3EF &1TZ5*NBZ


MR]I#E


CG$2[1N!B !/!R
X([]:73^O+_@@_

MY=K
LHB5D\L @  D_

@ 1K(X#
M.


M-4MD@
\MHR@3



D8)Q7


(=:L8[-3



M
+SQA5GC& 2N6&1D


M'J
@U;PSH\US/;66IM(L\\4K1L[+'E8PZD%2Q).00?EQWKF[[5-:M='\0V%K

MF.[D::&
CHRJ8_WGT.SZUEW'@B2TT&UMM&N(5O(-0749?.79%=R \JX4?*O3

]S:R ?V6;BX
LR



]M9AZ1YQN.]E')X SDX. <5ROBOQ;'J.@Z'


#@YI+I?R_/_(;ZV\_R_S.B@\+6Z%'I]A%=Z-:R3YEMK
M:X:)T)Y






YSQTI)M:K

MD]11-*V@H[ZF#X

5I


MLG*@]:T9O#&MV=UK\&ERV

'O45GX6UC
M2?%6C7%C!I[Z3INF_P!FJ9;QQ



MH@.




'233DVMG_P?^ 2

M54&UUP!M^0C@G.[H

C^=;R
M1Q-;(\4SN\AP@4Q.Z






/VQ;![Q43RH[AL8C



DV^WLTN9+A+5-H&Q9) &89!.

M7T&FV=^]E:6MI=/;$^7PTCO&RL223QG  '%;7V@^%HIS?WUS?K=W:I80G#3$
ME !$


QY_!0.O?C'56$L\^G6TUU$(KAXE:6

M****0PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MKF/B%K&KZ!X)U#4MM?M%_$%V+L+[06 9MHZX&32;LKC2N['3T5Y;\%/&/B;



WUS9(-5DN;5@L




M#QQ7


MDC#



'9]<NUU^UU4

M(H;K3!I#2

M.0#(&/ .T8P1C-)6LV_/\$G^H-=O+\['H54K[4TLH(Y4MKF[#SK 5M$\PH2V


 9P
Y&01*^W


M+Q=XE\1VVB:?87%K:ZA=Z4E])


HA29H)%ADD)


9/:10Q7'0_E5Q=;
M\6Z[JNHSZ-=Z9;6VF7SV\MO=704;$/)D3R&8$C)!$@'(XX-%KZ?UTW#S/1Z*
MX6RU;5_$

C;2X8C+ J5'3(/-96IZ]K]MX



MK#C8

-ZA<ZAI^I:9XVGT'4[9EOF
M:\NI'@\LV<N$5=HD+_*!&VHP=Q.*[/4M5O=4\7W7AS3]8_LN:WL$NXG2.-W



MTN&LSJ;3;[M45F01IG:FX%=Q)'4$8!XHMMY_\'_(._D;M_?VVEZ?/?7D@CMX
M$+R.1G '\ZJZ5K#:F]RDFEZA8/ P!%Y&H$@(R&1E9E8?CD=P*\T\5ZAJ]WX3



F50@_@:Z
M34=9T_2-.%_?W*V]L610[J<DL0%&,9R21QBLGQ!;0RMIF@6Z!([VY,LZIQ^Z
M0^8Y/KN;:I]=YKA_B1J<%]87TEY:ZFC6=U!#9QMIEQY8Q,F^7S-FPE@,+@].
MG+8I+I?O_E_F#6]NW^=OR/7:YV^\;Z+IL;SW3W8M5F\@7,5G+-&\F=I4&-6Y
MS@<X!/ )(.)/$NJR6_@35=5L1*LB6$LT7F1-&ZD(2,JP# ^Q -<OXNM1:?7


[


M96D;@! 


 ]-QSSV+9H5F[?UO_P0UM?^NIW%%%%(84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6)K/A/2-?O;:[U!+MY[4




M3[_2+*TBO;B:5DNGF)V1%U*$HG!]3Z$8[UU]%M N9NAZ!I?AO3$T[1[..TM
M$)(C0DY)ZDDDDGW)K-_X070Q?7-ZAU6*YNF#3R1:Q=H9.F=LHZ#@#L.E=)7




1H
MF)%25MYRI/[P'KZYKK%\+Z0NNSZSY$S7UQ%Y


M)&^SPR7
C)'G^&





MH7C(+JP+ XY#$YK8HH YO3_ 'A72O$$FNV.BV\.I.23
I; )ZE5)VJ3Z@#J:

)&]@BD81L\L
]./6J]IXKNXO%5OX=UO2H[.[NX7GM9;6Z-Q%(

MY-*)
=










DH




M6-Q)&RNR/&PZ

M
;5
TSROCW9R6/XDU-10!C:7X6TK1M1N[^

M6[

IWKM'7(S@@\D#K:* 
&+P?I
4XFW:G)*JLJ-/



?)^]^7CCBKMQX.T.Y9R]
MK*JRR-)-'%=2QI.S')


M&TH5P3L 4 ' .W)KKJ*%H  8 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7




YQ7!:GX@\/2ZW\2$E

Z;
M+X8_M[P
BW6GE;W1Y([P&X4_:




M0^3*'.





XRO.[BO3+C5;:


!TKV&BA_U_P3?Y_@+^OR_P OQ/#/

MV$=/E SGO7M-%T=_PM[_UY#Z6/!]5GT$Z%\0YWO[::]MKY9+-Y+PR-%)L3


2

5


[O(
M^]W?&6. .V!T 'X5/2&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

OB!HGCVSN)](,Z/;L!+!<(%D3.
M<'@D$'!Z&NIKEO!7P_T3P%9W$&D=WN&!EGN'#2/C.!P  !D]!74U3MT)5^H
M5YKXFT



E^QRRV*
L*#T&



^UVZW20F:

GO710Z#XA
M_P$^L-<N3ITUM#I[6<TBS.DC
4QR1*JJ)%,:C!Y.<9QSWOS:7X]U#18UU_T87BW
;26UBTT$4T(SN0RD
M

0'.X\YX('7L]/Z]%^MP_K\?\K'76%X][ 9)+.XM'!
M

FF\26'AN#2+TZ5=:6TIFBF1&DH
MH.?






(N0
\
M
3[4@\
ZH_BG7;JXL=(FTK4+6U66=W)2

;M_
M7J;-SXFBLM
6\N].OH9'ECABMF$9DDD?[JJ0Y3G.


M;YFB6%00\:SE-Z!N#A5P


(SXRT[6FM=*
M$-MICVDD8O9Q=BK9'[G& 4 ]<'..


5Q




)K4(WDK-!*90[!%VM'(


P(R



XSV



M5-)?7O#%YI6HND;WEN\




M*7!3]V

Y.?


FU3CH^X_[M3T^_P#0IO7Y+\SDO#^OW?BVZT;2]8O;FW2;
M2Y)_
M)VMS=RI*8RP=



M_B+#GL:CF\'II]CHO]A)+K1G9H%N&(68.I$BNP!(+9W;@#R.AZ55U?R_P'


MVX81.&S@ 

SB\VZN(H(RRIOE<*-Q. ,GN20!67X9O=;O=.D;7M+^P722E% 9
M,2I@8?:KOL[C;N/3K7)_$9K?799- D_M 1P6S7&^SL)[C%R01&
2MC'S-@X
M_A-#T&M3T:BN(L_&TLGPPM_$8M_







.WR]J72_];)_D.VMO








M$_A^1?

MO'L*@QLS$A\[AAL+CTHM_7RN'E_7;]3NJ*X.#Q)XT2&]NKGP[+1+-[B&65X
MX0C 9'9-




$K_U\CT:BN(T[QN]QX!TC5O+0


9X;5G;^NG^:$G=7_ *Z_Y

M^OE?\#J[_5M-TH1'4=0M+
2MLC-Q

GVJTTB+&9&=0@&2Q/ 'KFN(

$\5NTZ1[2_F1N%!V Y!W' ..3Q7*Z%%JNNZ?X
M8\./+%';1Z;)J)2]B:19D\S; KH&4LH4@D9'.W/3%):_UZ_Y ]/Z]/\ .QZ?


M/2[.QT.6]L[.TCU.X:[2&(1HL9XC 4  ?(%)]R::6X'0S7UM!=P6LDP%Q/

9)9GAEFN
MY-


)WX0_Z&O0__!C%_P#%
M5S7Q @CTOQ3X2UK38ECU:?5$LI6C&&GMW!WJWJ!@'GI5?2;GQ#;ZAXX_L73;


PNB9VQU_2/*BD74K619HFFA$4H<RHOWF0+D
MN![9JY;W$-W;1W%M*DT$JADDC8
K ].M85MX-TJUETJ2*UM8SILDDL/DVZ
MH59]V54C[J?

M=VIZ7M_73_
#MJ*09VC=C/?%+2 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M3M63!&X[XV).&(P3CVKH:XC4?%_B/3[O3(7\-V &IW;6UMYFJ.KC 9@TBB [

M)/A?I=QI]U:W6JZO

YZ'(XX JQ_P ))K\7B'1M
M/O\ 2+*TBO;B:5DNGF)V1%U*$HG!]3Z$8[UU]%M/Z[A?I_77_@F7H6AQ:#I
MPM([R^O&)R]S?7!FFD/NQ_D,H]#T#^Q);^3^U+^^:]F\^0W?E':V /EV(O&






5!D1'+JK8Y 8@9'O@?2G



M







&X+^"6\EMDF$3R&*
L5!(W!6('/

]O\ $+^SK?4/$4-M;:/'9QZB+
 .5=F\LR&'RCA2 & S
M[YS75#P-81:AHMU:7U]:1Z0K+;VT1C
;;OOE]R%F+=SN]Q@\UU%5$U*UDU67
M34D#744*S2(/X58D+GZX/Y47?S_X?_-BMOV_X9?H84/@33(&:%;F].EFX^TC

M  D
1_$
=Y
MN1MQ_#MQG/?.*/+^MO\ +0//^NARVG?#6PTNQN[.WUS7VAFB,,237@E6U0\$
M1*RE5XRN2<$X-6+;P'!;7&A2KKFK-_8L9BMD;R

F6=-K;EV$CX(!P!CUS746[3M;1M<QQQSE09$C<
MNJMW 8@$CWP/I4']I6O]K?V6) ;OR#.4'\*;@H)^IZ?0T;:?UH%^O]:B-IL$


(XTM2PC.^0)'G=ST9=WXXJ3
M2%\6)JUPNLRZ+-IH3]Q)9Q2QS

Q7
4


)).:THHD@A2*-0L:*%51V X I]%(
M#G=/L9]$\2Z@$@DDT_591<B1!GR)MH5PPZA6@@]
Y!QD9V-2LVU#3I[1+RX







V$8 MSDXZUZM1



P=











M'2/AM+:W-K9O]IC$ZI)Y2.WD$2


MASO?VTU[;7RR6;R7AD:*38F&B+

M0 *&*RX*X.
C:1QS7K=%/\O^!;_(-?G_ 



MD^G/'%;M06UJEL)

[O(^]W?&6. .V!T 'X47_KYW%;^OE8GHHHI#BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


;;7VJRLI]U8 C\16S7#

5@

%X RS(JJ6X

MOXFO&FU]DN;.QW7-HTW[F&/(/F


M926L\4*S
HY68E@[


M2H() !Y4CCIBL2RU?4?%VN:Q;:=J,FFZ9I=Q]D,]O'&\TTP&7YD5E51D#[I
M)]15WX?6-]I7@72M-U*RDL[NTA$,D;NC9([@HS#!^N?:LVPTK5_!_B'6)K#2
MWU72-5N?MGEVTL:3V\Q&'R)&564X!R&R/0]:II*5OZ_JPD[QOU_K_@&G+K8\
M+=_%&L6RVCRI'93NH1I





9%&\NO#  @;L]L5';T_
M3_



$VNI1( DB$[E<JW]W;N7.1Q5/6;*YL_!*W$G@[3/#L[ZK8XLK.2-
MFD*SK@NZ*%YS@#G'//.*O1O[OTU_/3H3LOO_ %_X&IZ';^*]%N5OB+WR38 -
M<K<Q/ T:GHQ5P#M/8@8/:HHO&?A^6.\=]0^S?8T$EPMY#);LB'HVV15)4] 0
M,&N3U_PGK/BJ]OM82T&FWVUO%:VMU(C&9HI_./F&
LH4X ')ZDGTJSJFF:S

]BEF9H&EGDEV\AA)LV+C/+ GGCUAZ1OU_X#_/]2EO;^NG
.#5R+Q1X:L[C7-
M2D\1




H78'_V2V?:LS3/'^F7ECJ]]=)=V=KIURT+
?NX&[.['3C.

MG=7BBBD,**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

%R2.PS2





M+J6WL1::_$P$!_,AD$1D!\S.IVXQLR
]365K6N7NO_  XFN=0@MX+F'7(K

MMQIZ6@T][S3GCM'W2%3@JQ

IAB



=D;.\TB742MJC[X3$J

2^ K_4?L2P75V\

36+%XQ\/SZ=/J$.IQS6<%RMH\T2LZB5BH@@<\L






M;3?$



M1_Y ^OE_P/\ 




MQ13=K_UT_

M=A)W5PHHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
OK.I6;6$GFVZ6OD[5DP1N.^-B3
MAB,$X]JZ&N/NO'PM9[*-O#.ML+ZX:WM''V8=AD\ S @$*2P'%W0=#4U7P

7BBA\K8S$%6+;HR3E21P1[8/-8DGPOTNXT^ZM;K5=7F

ME\81FW9&
$'&#U[5U5%M O\ U]__  3

M_P A@50T?PDFC^(-0UA-8U*YFU J;B*?R?+8J
*1MC4C XX/US715RL7C26X
MU;4-


0T7=]C9?LQ*Y4KSF$@X4D=/UYII^'%LVA2Z0=?UDV\M[]N=LV
M^_S=^_KY.

M




M21T#8S26NG]7_I?@&VO]?UJ



MS_S?WA_7Y?Y+[CCXOASIJS:4\NIZQ.NDR%[%'NMHA!&-F54
RXP/F)..
XXK


Y?3
MKDVTV\ 98#.5YY7J
^QIW;_
/^&&GPO8IJ.IZE:O+::CJ






QHJ


'A0).+



T0A)P K*%0


M:

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

X_3FNGHI-75AIV=SRWX*?\)M_9%_


MB


\2:;

MK][-(WB'R8+2*]:2:6(Q F
2&0-$FX
=P/&T@9/%13ZA/
\UIX@


M*X\+^'[N)HKG0M

]:2=K?+\+?Y?B-Z_C^-_P#


MQMK.WR6\JWB6-


;OE&03W(Y(JMX;TK5
M+:2YU/7YK*75[I420V2

MU&;3]%=+(Q_VC=$6UDKM@&5^ 3WP.6..RFN&LX;WP;X[TBXO[+3[#3]4METM



;;7VJRLI]U8 C\16S7#?#?X:6GP[M+Q8[^2^NKLKYLS1^





]=MX_ NC^'+ZYM3%'#:


MTN(11ZLMTKF0!=H

MZ^13M^']?

M-/\ #Z


MRN-P8C&





M / ?ZK\0_K\5^E_N.CM_%^A7.HQV
=Z?-F)$+/#(D4Q'41R

M\\


]




D\]RHV=K_ -:_Y:C]/ZT?ZG;:


L:-




M+KO;7UL_U*T7B76[G7;VV349(]7M]1$


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

[HH+J*Z






^QI



U^WMI1IS0-J
-B]LD;O*4? $QD5RL?)X1USQUY%-*[M\OR




J6D1DV X+'L


MM


_&.JM%YIBT^P5(]VT
[-(J@GL
D9/84[6E9_P!;?YB3NKH]




M:_+:&TC


AMV


NR=RJD#KT!)..W&?45@7






M' YZCI?#.M7^HWVMZ=J0MFN-
NEA\ZVC:-9%:-7!VLS$$;L=3THM?^O3_- ]

T;@ER?E.0PQG&







# P!C)ZT)75

M+]3:$S&.QT]4B#!=[L\BJ


M5Q]EXFUT:\NDS0:7J!DT\Z@L]M(\ 5.@3:V\

64$$G'&*C\-^+M2U/Q*
M-*OFL)DFT\WBO:1.HA8

M]);Z;.FJ0E-3D



Z3J
*

M_5?Y@_+O^C_R/6Z*X'_A




H)

OP9HZVC:KK3Z=)I]QJ]S]H-M+C?$@&%#8) ).







M8M.UW6B[ZA]M





WY1O+B?&Y




D891U.1T-=]133!G'WGPYTV\M]:B.IZO&=9*_;'6X4[@

+_LU


MZ!H\?A_0[328;JXN8;6

^N:R[KP1I]Q=7\B7=];VNI
M$M?64


C$'D
IZ
H(^F#D




MDL0R$;@V%9FR0




M+=2[P_-%(P9D.(QQNYR
-SUQ@50UG14L?#
'@*QTS6-1BNX/+COI0K16H! #

%G;H$A@C6.-1V4# KGU\#::LMP@N;W^S

M75G:WK1V]RV

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7C&AV

MG6K^XB\
MI(AEGM;:*ZB2Y78-LJ/'(




C/J$
M=G_Q)TNES(8O(Y


M_PLU/52ES._K^9,596BBBI&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !67XA\0:=X7T2XU?5)3':0 ;BJ[B23

M^


Y+'I@5.O0I66


M1U' ![X%.SNUI_PU_P ]!;66_P#P_P#EJ:-MXMANQH9M]-OI!J\9FB*M?)0
M $M)B3IAA]W=UQUXI=1\6VMAX@CT)+#4;O4);=KB..$!652

MD9Q/A]I

C@;


M3G'.


=1WJZOX3UK5=/\







MTZ+]_:S





MH)[R+3X;!]'ETVY\J[=I%


MJ$BZP3Y*J8=T2@9W2?O.!CGC)'0@'BNEK@?!.F6XU76M4TV]BNM(2:1-+((




M8#@$CKC&8+KQW+IOB/7H+_2+]=+TNVBE-QJ2X#;R7*JV[!P 
 XVDMM%9%





2-Y.3UQCBK_C;3+G4O

MH+&XFWW+H9=CW


M 2H)




M +2VEP\$




MA




#QTJKK

9YZY'2IE=)6[?C9CT;=^

UB[0H!
0-Q3[^5;'.6 7'.[%1_\+%TH)9A


R

^V0Z6)KSQ4+VW$5U(ZY='RC9C7&
#YAGK



D_A76]4\1S
M7.HP:;%I]UHITN807DCR*3DEE!B4$9..HXY]J6RT_KW7_P  K1[[?\%?\'[B
MUIWQ0\





B&2[

MR3(4& 9
(].OM-UFW;2Y-0AT]=/NK1II$ADC7!5EDV$A@<G[G1L=LFG%
MX&UFQUO1;VU_L^9;?4;G4;QI+AXRSS@J511&W@C!)&<=NM6[.7E_P %_I;\



E_PN[_34EWM_7;_/









34_!


MC)


!G
MGC)KEO\ A%?$-UI^CV.HMILR:)(LUM+'/(K7;HC+&)!L/E#D$D%\^E#T;_KO
M_P  %LOZ[?\ !-SPWXOM/%*136%AJ*6DL32QW4\&R-L.4*YSG=D9P1T_&NAK


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117
?$+6-7T#P3J&I:%:_:+^(+L787V
M@L S;1UP


M


QPDF8/L$;?N
M^
LKD%=ORCW!I^NV\]U\6M(AM[V6S=M'N?WT2(SK^\CZ!P5_
&BWO+Y_DQ='



'B_N/%OAZ&TU.\TG4=
FG&




:UXIM-4
(TFZGB_LUX8S'*
GG_P '_(2UOY?\#_

M)5*21R*&5U/4$'@BO-H=4\:ZG?7]KIFJ:89M'F%O


4OZ_&P?U^%STE$@@


0\8P5*$







M8ZY/H6CP36VQ9;F\@M!+(








9P
M #C'4$\UL2:]J_AW5_*FO&UV;0)=0%OY((Y(MHPFT;MIW=&+'CK1LKO^M&


]4551




\)6
H2!\K'[W)


M?'\K_:UAO/\ A&

)ITU2U^U:=K4=I'(;(;1$XB& N[J#)G)+=#
MTR,:EWK?B'2]8\2V%O.=4EMM*2_M(Y8D4K(Q<%!L ROR@@')[9-3TO\ ULG^
MI5M;?UO8[ZBN\

M!Z@U?\7ZCJ



















M[JX4444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

X'H*U*\_\

ZO9+J&DL0V=LK


/1.3]X
M^G6I;?5=.N[RXL[:_M9KJVQY\

7


K7 C\I'FN))?*3CY4#L0@.

'O6-#\2_#$L&BR'5;


BSR+%
PZ-)$&V.PXY9

YQ^%-&MZ2;@VXU2R

MN^4 MQG/ ()]

@B8EAN(Z;E!PV/\

6^\):)J-^]






X0R%]^SD_+G'
M/2NAHI 5[&RATZRAL[?S/)A4(GF2M(P ]68DG\368?&A'4I+[[1++()I(Q




G''

0_9 -*21;.4RVJS2

M/S_

MX?L(M%L]*594M[2(11&&9XG4!=N0R$$'!/(-6M.TVTTFS6TLH1%6QN+%F)
MR69B268GDDDDU:HIMMNY*5E8I:KI5IK6FS:??+*UM

M[UB7OP[\+:EHMMI%_IC75G;'

YO4O 'A7




AULI='488O)25KV8@)C[I4OM(. 3D<GD\\ULT4; <VO
M@#PJOB7_ (2)=%MQJN[?YX+8W?WMN=N[WQFB[\ ^&+Y[@W.E+(ES*)I83+((

UK1CI%[;L=/*A3!%*\(*CHOR$''MT
MJ@G@?0TO7O%2_P#M+VWV1I3J=R6
6

BT
MW3(Y(K2+/EQO


]OY%E)*LJO'&!@J#G[K9]

^KT4?U^*?Z#_ *_/_
\D\0VMWJGB

-GX?U!&U!Q]D6/
M2)AYY


M




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB







M'0'[V-QR!STQ2WY;]=_Q_.R#^:WR_#_@G2HWB:V
$5P^FWGFLPDN(('A$'R$



 ^X D+N.



MIZ5'K^C37%K;Q:M8/-=IYEM&MRA:9?[R#.6'!Y%.BUS29]4DTN'5+*34(P2]




\XJG%7MZ_I

MYR2]O92S(@*

:8VHV@U KO%J9U\TKZ[
YQ^%9=
MMXUT*[\5S^'8-1MFOH4!9/-7+


M5
-\_0$'MG/MBB*O:_\ 6B?ZV^0/2_\ 76W_  ?1ECXC^*==\*#2)M+;3FAO


@G


WZ:@;?Q!+K\&H:=JLM]$$MT^RS[LC?YW


IBV^N[.



ML;V!HY+63C
WE1K&P QR

MK*O&UL$ D#/IC-+O_7;_ #_#[ET7]=_\CU*+7-(GTMM4AU2QDT]
[KM+A#$N




N=-

M)\997WRN/NE#G(ZUSWC];2\\1^&8+W2+S4;&VN))KM5TN:ZB&)U7.U&!.[


3?ZJWEG59)/\ =4G)_O
-0T^\LM!DE72]0$-
M[XFBUWM(+.65X8%=S
J*=F=K-M.#\V





M6=J]P=L*SSJAD/HN3R?I5BY)%I*1.L!V'$K $)Q][GCBO(;_ $HZ9K4]IJ?A

T0A\XR((MN[?N&W'KGTKRRSLKV+P;X;O[.35M.U?3]
6U
M




M ^:RS$;9!(.RDD[N0



I4G[P((.1D=NM4-=T2ZG\47EA!:R
MMIGB*S$5Y


MKS2]3U+4M,@,#OI+ /(%DA8]NX$



M+&RB.6







M7BHOI?U_!#?;T_%G:PZK8:C)=VNG:G937D VR)'*LIA;MO4'(Y['%8/@OQ*+



3_*_Y

UP@ 4!

FKK?6][
M;6Q8* D91ER'Y0Y !(QSCBNE\&W.K7.EW#:OHD%PPBN1:M;-=)@8D:)OF1
MLY&#_=S26J^2![F79ZIXKO\ Q-KNEIJ6B01:8T161]

=
]^O




M\
R/I-S?2V^J13
\&GR7!BA'WR2JG SMX[XZ'%.VWF#T;\CJ/^$FT'[
MS_;


\%K;;%6*)

MN)$

^'21
MZ%JB36)D^UH-


M'AM)?[4@N


MC\V4(.OS

CJF&!;:O) +#.*YNYMKF/\ X2_3M4T2^NWUIC+9


M_
1M5-+F2_KK_D2G=-^7^1N'6-



M]-FDAN84D5%611&ZG.58E



MHF4K(


TU+WPA

R;3M+=MQ YQ4O;?4Y9=9N[71=:GM
MH/$/VZ2UABN+.6X@






MK %

M/0  # &*=;:YIMYHJ:Q;W0DT]UWK

M=/AN[IKI&D!




MVR1*_P#7I_FAO3^O7_([)F5$+

&M%




MY[1I-Y6
KM!5AA3AAG!;//2LV'QOKDG]F7:6FFRP:IJ$EA%9.TD
UNR%\M(_

PMADML'\1




M7S\5]4:WN=//EZ3Z036[C*F23%Q(=IR.7D8_AXY7G_6UP_K\;':Z/J]AK
MVE0:GID_GV=PNZ*38R[AG'1@.1W%4+_ 

)?^)]/UUM3OXIK!62*WC\KRB&





C-
K%
L%!V%0P#=\&JJ^-O$R^&
MM3\03VNE)!I5]+;W-I&)':2.-@K

MDSTBLV'7]*N-5O-
AO8I+VR027

MG/[AA)(;B

M



8[]*FU7Q%XCL=.L//M





M\8&%8 8&




M:Q/(\LP6(

MZDG@FW$,.HZ?)9&



M+(VU'







MJ

;AWKSZ_P#%NMWOAOQC;Q7MD+G3+-9X;^WL


SS
&ENK^X
TTF.@




M[TSP^9]%DN6A9V:%2$5RID$GG[N

M/0M1U:6TTF

O$&A/XC@^SZ9=S:
M=81ZAV)(E

M%Y)9&PJ*.I)JB/[+\5:%%+&PN;&Y4212KN0\'*NIX*D$9!ZU@'Q!K%MK=AIV
Z<T_G
MW*&2.)(\9^0


MV.YP 


0
M/3J=W9VU_KS_ 


M[74EP/RCC.WVJ.3P##)/K$IU[6 =6@6WN!N@.$48&TF(G.PR2?O'O@CKJ*

^$=.\

M%(X '4]/7FMVBEL-ZF/JGAV#4]5LM3-W=VMU9I)&C6[JNY'QN5L@\953Q@\5

#DGN
X/I6KXG\-0^*=/BLKB_O+2*


1A8KZYLW ($EOL)

M+74K6]N[RVMY \EFXCFQT5BH;'UP1^=(#F=4^&VE:E%8%=1UFSO;)&1-0M;Y









U33Y


M6327-S:W%E.+BWN+8J'C?!4\





M0=[=26]#6!X.T!=:M]8743K4%G)J\]R=/N;9H(KA&DW1L?


;=[5H(;R+RD0_-)'GJ






H0R%




[*S2W-OKNLQW-O=2745TIMQ*K29



MV&?[1!ILCHT$

M-ON
H.[@^3PP4X_V1C R#F^._KP:-KVK0W^MW^H7NG?8!:QVZ2K)P=HVQQ


@TKPM87UC#=ZC+?Z@






#(.AXKU^_P!#\#76N65O;37$%N)BDSLJ8QST



0TH_P!KZPTFDH\=D_VA5

MVC_:%Y]I^R_8OD^R^7N\SI\V_/'7ICM1U_K^NH=#E8_AO;1:5I^G)X@UH0V%

M);-' W!$:






M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!Y)KNHZ#_P )AK.E



L3@ 9[DT2RQP1/+-(


NX ]B1D9'MD4[ZWM_5V_UL3;2W


MRNM0AO?
N9;A7BMC#M
^URTNU:ZU\M[2V4@--<2K&







MZ^QLL32E



M9].D=K.XGC8T)4# &,$?=!!R:]+JZM4O(A%(SB
G+HN
./0^WTHOK]Q/3[








3-);X@92C

@B
@#E1C+8ZX&1S[U
=/Z_KJD_D#U_K^N[
M7S/$=:U'PY+H'C'48[^Q:]@UR-[.5;@%HS^Z :/GC(5^5ZA3UQ6I=:I%+XA\

+&.WNM:D^T9\L*XAP!&&(]5 8^[&N
U#7=*CUGXC WCR82U#K


MZ7)'J5M96[Q.&QDL[

@

!/B+#?


MXMGTZZ\/^

MN2HC








DZM96CWWAR4RSQSAC)(-IC=SG+L%WD$Y. :K^7TO4?$.A_8+JRLWM
M[0F^6UU:/?J4^%*N4BDW/C#$F4 _-@@UZSJ-J]]IUQ:1W$ELTT9031@%DR
9
M&017+Z-X L=/NX;BYLM 
MNZO#+I^CK:RAAW9][D_AM_+BJ4M;O^M7_F)KW;





MK\/\OQ/'D'AL^.KVSU/4?M-NGAV/?'JUUN)8$DF1&.T/L5&(VC'WL DFJWA9
U44T[:_UU_P Q/^ON


[O(^]W?
M&6. .V!T 'X5/2&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
9))]<
JY[ 'U-2:;XFO=6ET^3^P7.C
S_K^7_@_@
@\:0Z=H]IJ5


+O6

M2V[6T5N]O'$8T(V_
XRSL!W)QWQTJWX6\
:WH4FS4O%MWJ]I$NRUMY+9(O+'

#
M!3C'W@1Z8KK]3\/W=UXDM=:L=22TFAM9+9DDM_-5U9E8'[PQ@J
^H)'!Y'/)
MX UE-&TO3QXBLB=/U)M060Z6WSL6+!2/.Z9=_P 
=
9*C_7WO]!R5_Z\O\R5

2RN@(4?



M4@NV0  !TX'?K7#:IX?U3PEX'OM-DUS3+BWN[P/ +G3WAM[;=)YCJ[K(Q2/@
MX;@KG@YQ26BL_+_@_A^0]W?U_K[_ 

_DQ2
&3::I 0^K:7+<7Q)R%*N\LF6.<?.=N.G(KJ]8



$GAAO*GY3G8.&Z$@BEU3P+J5_;Z;=0^*[RW\06.\#5
M/LZ

M# & %X/)W9HTN+H0)\0+K^R1J4VAK'!!J/\ 9U[B\W&.3S!'F
;/WBY(Z[#[


MN2PD*\%

(VA2!^^Y^55Y]




L3*OEDYX^8CWKH=)BOSH-O#J=R9;[RMLLZQB

M:





M!YC&T#';(NT;
YS@

MZ 5G-X'OT;1)[_Q4Y@T!VD@9+1$9H]NW$C

\ \UK^'K22XUS5_$
M


M%%*PVI(V2WE1R
%&0

M1@YV#@GC(VU4C^&M]#X=TNS@\2M;:KI


MCXO'3-HLEQ)I@345U
Z4+47&8VGW8'[S:/D[YVY]B:8WQ!%K_:$&H:-=17EA

7\$^L:3
^J:J+L2W=



L[/$0\YG*GRBZ'84P2





FJ7
M
5W$;:T



1V8LAJ#-YK.5G?Y0P&W C@Y






MDX=OT]








M

$
\K1R @.$*0
SFXN].2VC?<Y^\4D;F//? SUY]*TNO
MZ]/P_$6Z_KSO^@EY\06BU1X+#0M0UUAN#;3S6]M<





M/A.VO]6CMUFF+.K0S



M

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M#)9HH IFE2


M3W)S!HJQV\MT1V3S))/KAE7/8 ^IJ33?$U[JTNGR?VYT;4T8P722^8RKMR

M\\X94W!![!@X'H



M*+0)9W$=K=$WJB;S&(!
46W




'K==MXK37EDDM)Y+]MX1/O
M;D$1 ;'(&['^T*;7O67]=B4]+O\ JVYZ+17G^G_%?2=2URQA^RF&YNWLH&%
MXIG
BYPS0@96


R2C:0FQB[1


M#5_!NJ1W]I#

MY( SACGD8&7:[LOZW_R)3TN_ZV_S.\@N8+J


$
6^X
Z27$0 )

M7K_D_N%?K_73_-'4SW=M;/D]Q%$\[^7$LCA3(V=JYZG )P/2IJYWQ#J\&G



]


R2W49DB1A\[%R&))X#'J#D\X/Z_K[U]ZQW-%<-!\170W<NHZ!J






M _Z_#_


Y&-IQD'#
M=B



#NJ*Y6U\5W\_B*RT^?1TM+2]L





88Y


2S


JJS+)A/E'S##+N)]!TH_K\_\ (/Z_+_
[*H;FZM[*
M!I[JXB@A7[TDKA5'XFN+A^(=Q/\ V3%'H$AN+Z^GL'_TI?*AFBW9&[&YA\I.





MAMW_ &7SE\W;Z[
YQ[XJ'3=3GU70(M1AT^:VN98BRVE\&A97_NO\I*C/?!XY


0?E.











_* ?-YXX)_'CI7I5%
_P8K:6_K:WY'*:#
MX1N]'\9Z]X@EU2&X75]FZW6T


D+

MY+[AO6_S_5/\W]YR5GX



[1-
M(U73=$BT^]UE+MX$6..=+01DH



ML[J:W2VNTGMO.CF5

MOVWCR_M6[R^HSG;STS^-6QTYH3L[_P!=7^HFKJW]=%^ASOB3P]?:WJ&C7-IJ
M5O:+IMU]JV2VAF
C;2N

;
M




9=0K $R/D8 QQUS








M^S'.Q1G+ ^?URS?IUQS-%X

WEE?:O-!JD9MM1N?M)MI;0.JL456#'=\R_*





MA#'XZ\'6L.K65E?^=.R_:
.%W1%5W)N4D
WRCD9/ .:]9E1[











M^1I6UI=VNDBV%\T]X$(^U7

5PH^'6NC1;32O\ A)-/
M
%MJ']HHW]DON


MS(]Q)

MWQP=I//KSCM52\^'VKWFFZ]9'Q#9JNL7JW;L-
;











R@;5R!MC(8XVX/%)X?T7P[K_A+QC
%AU6[L[N_-J7G-RZ

M+NK2W




M1)J&D:)]ETW6+)7O+%1)8R1EE#E

MB1KUK+=V0L)-%@
MM=3#RD +;E\MSA $V$K@ #!QS6!X;\
Z!KGPLM=0T6PT



'O^$ALVTL\*1&+Y#.8QN :('!!

5Q'T5V_B&


QG(P0.





M^OW\-R9-
F2*/8+;5-
6\B4YR64;T(8\#.3P.E%]+?UU_P _P!?U^'^0SX?6
MX@\'6Q?5%U&20NTDZ7[72#DX57+$?*

M


\*

^DTR_P##$2:AI&B?9=-UBR5[
MRQ426,D990Y3(P@P,.HR!W)KVFBG?6_I^ =#STO-)B^(WB&UT[5(K0OH41C
M4RD^0PWYVQD_)M78=H P


M7-EH!EMW5X9=/T=;64

M' FGR66JZ#(KP6Z^=]HD5TYG8 +))\QW':

M_M063R59@
2M(N0KLI5 68$KQR


M;!M@9B RR%0



Y!ZUE^+KK19?B+X6T_4KJUYBNR]O+
%#!E

S.B%$4XVIGJ1[G Z^G&.:GJI/FES?UU_P R
M8KECR^5OR_R/ H]9T]?#EK%+J

X^7TQ
M6\I\-IHWA^P@NKN_TF[NIFM9=:58K-_D&%





?]KR?$?Q;#I
=BYDMK-)&N9F0Q91_F 56W8_NG;GU%3Z/
MX




]I
UE#*7*^4V =Y.W<<8 R<
MY6D7;?_ (_6Z*T;5]O^#_EJ='8^

!2V


Z?
UJ72Z7^\OEEF0 $'
@7CGI6-+H
MVN66H:'JM_%HT=CI&ERVUV6O9
$
J@L
Q ;0$!Y(ZGTYYWPHOB*SU/0I]5\)
M7AT^#$-G


[OEN]_^ K_C







(M O+8V$]O9274UT\EP\
M;N]RV7V((V&%[9;GOCK5P^'_ !CI7B6^FT'4])_L?4;C[1/'?12-+;N0 QCV
MD YQGYB /2C33^NW_!U\AOK_ %W_ .!IYG4:OK-KHVF?;KCS'C9TCC6(9:1W
M8*BC) Y) R2!SR16'/\ $/2[/2;R_O;'4[=K*Z6TN+8VXDDCD8 KGRRRX(88
M.['('4XK2\3Z?JVH:(+;2+M(KD2QM)YDC1:,'YTWHR;A_$HR*XJ_\  ?B'




MO:AXBT&^TRWTV2WTR9YV%S=O$TA9&3: L3  !LYSSTP.M4-+\.^



LT(




ETT=R$GD=GA9B=T?R+AE+9(((PO7GCHO$NCIKFE




M#_K\2YI'Q 0Z%?:KKUE+ID



X(!//((ZG K0\5ZWB30);.Y^

MSF+(P!PH4_[W/$ZV?]=/\QJUU?\ K7_(ZG0?$$7B SP6%_;0F..6.2ZA+*



;.K#/'!)SQBF'QQ86YO1J-EJ&G/:V_VK

'##(R!65J?@J_\ %



MG%2



G&.

M^1:ZDR)]GED)P 
-O&2 64 ]CR*X'PS#X@AO=&;5_5X=-1?L]I
NKV\D5J

Q5?I73VO@K6#H5AX7OI[)]&L+B*6*[CD?[1)'&X=(VC*[5
M/ !8

&]V(!PF)2#


M1N/M$\=]%(TMNY #&/:0#G&?F( ]*E=+_P!?\/N-];?U_P 


M?'6DV\&IR:BL^G/ILJ13QW9C4Y?[A#!BN&SU)&.^*YB+P=XKB\
:=IHAT4SV
MFL'4F;[=*%9?-




MZ#Z5Q-IX7U;2;^PU[5'T@/9V$\&I7






=UXI74U


$DJK




^'O&7A^ZCTG^U-)F\
M-6[DP.T
AO!'G(CZ[


MSS.#QN%??%3Q^$KF+X@S:['?;=+FB626R&?GN@@DZ=-G'7J!QP*H:9X=\9

':1DG!;/7IVH5M+_P!?UO\ @#V=

_EW$;;
M@PD.

M

M8 !&!\V

QG.U&&
$

MG;:5-IUT8KR0N?

M?U[7$TFSG!GE0R0





Z:1]KLM9FU*.-;N0I*LN\
A;

VYOB+I=K9WEQ=V&J0_9-0&G2Q_9Q


M6\K7*J

[;=/





=4NK1M#C
MN%N;-EMPTGFA?


]-M[F&[C
D$BR(':


M4UO#HNDGQ?'JFFZCJ4D
NHVCLGEJ(BRP+-YCMDL/O;]W.
YII7V_K;_
'IOY
M_K_D=GH?B
:[JNN:;)ITEL=
<=*S_#$VC_ /6
M^(-.L/#-KI5Q8&+S;B.*)6N/
W$'Y!TP
\G//(%9/P^DLH/&WC:PM[XSO'=P


M]O=W%Q/=%/


M-5)!.
D]

M?N= ?^6H!SBO3;:[M;KS5M;F*?R'

M+XQD3Q#=:)!X:UBYN[:-9F
36H5HV)NTPX)4\'!]0*V-)U
ZK:O*UE=64D


M


X*@
M



MOS
0=I/)KJO%!MM6^&^IRJ\S6\VF/



Z!G@=E8QL1RI*D@X

0E]


MZBB=I+FQBOFM9IE&
%'4C.T]5) .1DTMDGW_ 
V/KI_6AU%(RAE*L 5(P01P

TT;



1C
@Y-6Z\DMM3U,:5H;
M#6K[;%XHDT]E:;<9H1*P59&(+-@*!UYR<YINK7&I1Z/X^O3KVJ-/I%Z&LB+G
MRQ%B-'QM0*&7+$;6R,#IG)II7_K_  __ 2_$?6W]?:_R/44N+QM7EMFL-MD




L



MA/7=1;Q#JLM[IWB'[/!
USM 3S8T*LB@(P()X*D9Y %.VMOZW2_5!?\ K_P+



M6FO];O\ R/8*YB7QC(GB&ZT2#PUK%S=VT:S



ZQN8W

M][)P?-C?]
4EO]_Y!T?]=3L-)U




$_+E
MU&U&=2BFBEFQ.K+M#)O4DX!X#*<X YI+5_UY@]OZ\CTZL+Q#XB;0;K2(?[/E
MN$U\2T


M

<P59)54%S@MP
!
MB
G%-*[7R_&W^8/1/Y_A?_(]#T?Q$VJZ]K6EOI\MJVF/&N^216\T.0PYP
M 'DYYY K=KCO#A!^(WC

MN5RK)AA]T'KW/;BIO9)^5_N3?Z#2U?K^=O\ 


U
M=(TU+3;.]2)MT:W

)6C4H[
?


]#P
M[47]U?U



M_MS*99_#.C2R$ %WL(F. 
 9*]@ /PJY!H.CVHM!;Z38Q?8]WV;R[=%\C=


MFV.G!A965M;!\;A!$J9P !G [  ?04R\T;2]0NH+J]TVSN;BW.899H%=XS_L



22[!




M2[O;K0M .B&WBAM(%&YH6C9V#B

=\UJZ5XWLM9U.6RLM.U5O)NV
MM)IGM2B1.$W9;)# 'IDCK]1FSKGBFWT2X%O]AO;ZX%NUT\5HJ92%3@N=[*#R





@848W'DYJQI7BO1]-T'0AI&BZF=
U&=

MRH!*YW[1R!SG%-+7U_X'^87T_KS_ 
CHIM$TFYTQ-

&H?!OBF*/0+#2!IM^]W9Z';W@V^5MG0

MP^'=)C19!

-Y)-J
IA@\BW9UW8S@MT



$@X!/Z_K[OP\






M5+N^6U:Z\NUM2VY 0#M)(#'GMGICK@%ZWM_7F&Z--O#NB-/)





@YZ5BP^.M/EGL@UE?Q6FH-LL;Z1$$-RQ&0JD




&0 G(P?KD$8R*-=P&W/A


M.U6V@_L.-Y[2;
TG
C E%C=Q@J!]P]CG!S71:5XITVSMO#.G:=HVI)8:G;I]

M74)8[65(WO8&VPI*'4



Z
(68.T8L(MI8




MY'0EL9)':GOHNE2:HNIOIEFVH(-JW30*95'H'QG]:\[UG6H[SXA^$-1_L[5K


MUTRRAOIA^\N4@59'_P!Y@
VL%S<@QS1AU.1@\'CH:I-X
M7\/M/;SMH6F&:V0)!(;2/=$HZ!3CY0



%_&&GVI\/7^K:7/X<CB:&

U;6M6P'M+C2)+-X&M;F5T$<IS^\VJI$O&!M8C'4=:ZVBDU=6?I^%AWU;/
M.]\

$\/:_

S



X]&VX_BSQWM%+^OS_
M 





S

#9^[QD?(

91=DQ;9G

M.;EQ

MN7)EA;[;*1&I55.[]SU 0'CKD]

MQH%YHT


'!P

T;0M4GLGTW2+F*:*YAD?SKA8O]6K(5 0]
MD

62&:W<NC
AC4$$DYYXQWSQZ+123:
M_KR2_1!_7XW_ %//-5T'Q[X@\%:EI.K7'A][RZ00QBV


!TCD+(&QT#%02/?:/I5FBG?2P'F*^#_ !:NC0V?
MV?1/


M19B21@&!8Y\W8


NR03Z9(-9TR.UED?S$\



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11








M]/X^T/P7IMR]G]LC:ZO+F


M@C.


MK&H0/%JT-C:1LK(\5I.T_F C'WV1-O4\;3VYKC-.^'.HPP^'=*N[FT;2O#]V
MUW;RQNWG7)R2BNNT!

/&=PFM:L




Z@L=RL=R+@

E3R.G3'%-_Y?=97^[4
M.OW_ )NWWZ&V/%


M=R.ZR ;ED$I)DR
$8+8YZ5F^%_&*6'@3PN+[[;J6JZA9F2.-&#2S[!ESOD95

-S2E 3QV#OU[


C+X?U

5V^HQZS#H!ATEK6XU

?
MB*X#Q5\+[O5?#FFQZ01;ZS:S)
LEUK5U-#;LO)V!E8'/LJ8_2EM*_3_
-XVZ




MOO\ A*M4N&L$U?6K$6

'L365\7[+4_^$.DU


M^]$P>OO;?U


Q)5/F+1=L@#@G'?-;=]H&LV_P^&B:#J

M$@$@GGG!QFB32O;OI\]_N!+57]'\MOO*%SX_L;K3O$-L+75+._TRS
\T06(R


_F^1J*












MG^9):^)HK^:Z6RTZ]N(H)7@$\?E[))$W;E&7R








M4UY?0BSU3RM/G

MR2QP









M'!YZ5E6G@_69-
T;0M4GLGTW2+F*:*YAD?SKA8O]6K(5 0]
D


M;L];@\+^(O&=W+9:G<6\4EO<3A#YI@1HMS$EWQ@$GY5)([#%=5XJTB^U6'3)
M-.:W^T6-_%=A+AF5'Y!&5!(.&XX/2N;OO#'BJ\@\81M%HV=;A2*%A=RC9B/

MT:





$ LA24KQ

MU*\\/W%W''LL_*65%D;^_
J=CX3UW2=3N$T]K+^RM2MC_:3W<
MC.+I@0TL8\O'/<9 /'XYF6SMV_'7^O7UT%TO_6W]?\ #$MK\1+2S\):1J6N

&X!



MR=MK_AK_ 
 2O;SM^(S4/B!*UGITNEZ-?RR3:K_9]SYA62%U)W)R^TL0.#


6

M(/R%C@]*I7'ASQ))8^$(4M]*WZ+*DEQNO9
/LC:
!/W/.0V[G&#QSUJG?^$/


MX7M7\/W_ /Q

L&/(.
  G($8\




EB% &T8]3FDM$

M_ASI






M:5B20%Y##ITXI72BY/I?\KE6NTE_6MCK**\TTO6O$4__  A
LVMLXUVT87*?
M9H@J
(O



9VGBGQ%-X:\)WTEW&DEWJWV]5K==\BB1UZ@[5.$YP#DG@



G922(5VL_ /S @ $G&*XJV\3^*)++2

$#84@[1W[8Y2U=AO17_K^M#U2BO
[J]\52

3K;V_F7





L:UK!O=;C,&F:K);&*S55EC$:D#))9<%@<

MTN7;5HW$\26
GBM_#BQW(ODMOM3


9]2*\VTZ:^\0^/-'NQ?O8W=WX42:2:VC0E6:52=

N
GN#Q^=6['Q5XAG3PTTUW;[9M8GTV[*6_-R(_
Q(ISA0?+Y '4\$=*OE

=+G


MPMQ&0?W
A#8=&!(QCGCD\9P0)7MYAW.U    & .@K.US6K7P]HUSJMZL[6UL

UDT* PM%;^8&0

SGWX







M+PNVHVAC9Y)(8HY7Y1/

MMWBVY!$80


M
9&VEPQ&2I4=,@\U;C:7*_ZUL).ZN=Q+%'-$\4J+)&X*LCC(8'J.XKF(/$


M



MC6%N=-N;BQM1.8TMT9B \OF
L/[O.X!LY&
 =!X63Q+!)=0^(+NRN4(5[4







]I&4BD






9 YQC/ YKBD\3ZXOA

M /04ZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#N/

'

M 
+;.?P[H=GJ&IRSZG=JZB65'(
MED5FROF8V;P!]W.<=JZ;Q5HMO?+:37AC9G\M96A<0%\D;/.V^7NR#\N[/'2








M1KQR5C4GN#[ YZ4@

:PXR25'!R
M
^W.EXA\'^'_ !59PVNM:9%=10G
62R
GT92!P.,T7/C#0K:QMKPWQFANHS
M-#]EADG9XQ]Y]L:LVT9&3C SS4%SX]\+VGE36(&:6U-XB1!I&:$#._:H)QC
%]%
MN!JPEL(V_M=0M]RP,P[1GGCCTQZ]:6\\-:3?'3S-;
K:?Q:O#
\31C !7*

MC?P[J



[86!&02,CM4NE:S8:U!)+8S%Q$YCE1XVCDC<<[71P&4X(.!UK#/BGP

G(H6F@;ZFWJVB:?K:0+?PNYM



Z_:DN-5
MD1
'_EH?
+#C@849QP.F*U?#6BIH&@6VGJL8= 7E
2X4R
2SD#TW$X]L57E\

M*/S;0QVDS)*O
M3%64=%V%MN!DX&.217.:[X'M[7P_=66A6NH_PF7:7%T8-4D%P&4[O
B:5R








0LY@\L7]^
%1YB^Z9


M5LS70A
!=)GCWQG^!PK .
G.&!QVJM!XST2YM=2N(I+PQZ:VV[SI]PK1GTVE
M
L0
$@ X!!/%27/BW1;

M@6)O4+&P!/7DYZGU-:UU=V]C:27=U

M-0\ZWD
ENZ*3@-MD56()X! ()HOU%8A?P!X=DM-1M7MKQH-2D$MVAU&X(F;U
M/[S^77 ]!5N7PWIL


0E/2
R[=
M@?\ V2V?:BSV_KL%[ZE'PSI]_-J5YXBUK2X-.U*\BC@%M'.)C%$F2-S@ %B6
M/3C 7TK7U71=/UN.!-0@
HMY1-$1(R%'&1D%2#T)&.A!(-5Y/%&CQ:@EE)=


$').


 
#S(U8))@?W@:U[

M



39C[[A%)4<<L0!5;6/$VDKI6(M4E5KNV


MQ/HVJWATVTU!UN9HV:%QRK*!U:)V79)C/\ 6 [TVK7B).Z3*NF_#[PIH^J

 #L*Z
M1/%.CRZ=9WT%T\\%X2MOY$$DCN1P?D52PQWR..^*+6V\O\_U&^MR*W\'Z):6
M;6MI;36T3
[$V]W-$X+MN;#JP8 GG .*?+X2T6:T2T-HZ6JJ$
$5Q)&CJ
_*



M


M/YTR#Q?H5SJ$=C'?$2RY$+/#(D4Q'41R
H1R/]DGH:9IOC7P[K%['::=JD=U



M
#]#OI=0EGM)-^HJ$NC'<RQ^8
M 
?PL

L 
\9KEYO$]SX8U/QS=W=Q?ZC#


MB$TQNH9(



M]6


T]7_7S_ $!Z+^O3]?Q\R5O ?AIE
ME3^SBL4LZW)B2XE6-95((=4#;5.0
[0

MU CA6&.  2,$C@Y'%./B_0EU%+%K[$DDIA20PN(6D!P4$NW87R-N[/M5?_

!W52J@D@9) SQG(I;Z?U_6WX!MJ6G\*Z
M++X?@T*:S
^FP%#'#-

M.8R69&3UPRD$=!QFM:YN8+.UEN;F9(8(E+R2.V%51U)/I6*GC7P\PNC)J MO








\26.K:WJFDV\=


9YKF\&:W)9:GHFE\L-&N+)U%MJ

&P
M

QFYLFB9[CI]T(HVKQG!)/3


M']I21^4TANYBI3^[L+;



MS ZJS;



UZ3127


MA7=O8-I*VK3230'9)O\ 


MRAJZMZ_C?_

M_P 0:1H N8_$^JZ:;JYTN)FBD6-Y609SE4'4]\XR/:G*6MW_ %JW^H)=%_6E


MX2TO3--M+TZ9I^I62R74GFI?S2NTCAB#(/
=N&Z[A][@FGJI._\ 6J_R!/W5
M;O\ H_\ 
Y?6/#VNJWC:SL]+-U'K5HGV6X^T1HH98?+*


(+/1KS3;6Y2X












0VTA^.

6/%PNQD8-(BJ@8AN.N
M
3E0?9!Q7HM4]1O_[.ABD^R75S



.&




GH2HXZ[3Q7I]8]]XDL;#Q'INAS1W)N]0#F
M%EA/EX52QRYXSQT&3R.

M:6]G/%/)]H@(B:0I@$;\G&SG:.1@M61XL\'?V)X.\4:C_PD?B'4/-T^=?LV
MH7WFPIGG*KM&


5M7$$!5
LK2$*/5F))^I-4$\0




3U[8Y=<VVNW7B7PC=MX?NHX+**5;IQ<0'R?
0(



+2\T_P5H]C?V<EI=6MJD$L3LC'<HP2C,#C(Y^N*XR)-1O
MKWX@:/8Z4US]OO##]H
D:Q0EK:



G]



B7]VUS/9'S'M_LKB.9XUDBYPC*K!6 R<9!QVQ2
MUY;?UU_S15US7?\ 6W^3^\YB_P#$^J65U8WVI27MEHTUC#(+RTMDF@65AEO/
M!!=%'&

S&?8FY&WGJVX$
/3KTXZ583P-X
F\2:S'XEL'AU-KFTFUAK6.&!/LJQ



M5=3LGMI2JK-Y9GCXD*JYR#@@#(]Z[G5M'T[7-,ETW4[2*YLY1AXG''MCN.
MQ'(K#C^&_A.#1%T:#2V@L!
)S'#=31EI!T9F5PS8[9)Q@8Z41T=_-?FO\OQ!
MZK^O/_/\#\6^)-9T^^U?3]39DL+BV3[-;0(\2JY4
+AW7(;DX$;9 *DCFI
MM2UWQ%;ZKXTMX=1M@-.T^&[L@UIE8\B0L&^;+$A
9SC_ &?7H+KP/X?O3=FX

=%
MP)  !SP.Q([FE;1KU_+_ #&FN:[\OS_RT

X'
M. ![4^+P-H
GY:_B<%J/B?Q1
M:Z!XFG35+7[5IVM1VD<ALAM$3B(8[NH

M9+*&[B
D2(8V=W5E&T#*_*









MFFZ=IUE-JL
&IW5VXNWM80]Q

)-NTGS2^_&T



ME/=QRG8UM+O;RR 1YA\M!NZ]% /'%57^'GA&32;G2VT*U^QW
IFE0 @L_/S;


M.

M)%:-8^3DL5YV@&L33_$7B+5[KP9'_:4-M#K&FRSW7E6JEQ(J Y5F) ^\
#:0
M

IQT;(K-MO 'ANRN;&XMK

MR;?2]5EM=16.W@S/;)*4

!@G;@$ X /-=CX:N;K4[C4M4.I2W&FS7!C


T^#2=+M-.M5VP6T2Q1CV48%-;?UV5_RT]6)[_P!=W;^O

*-'*L2@GS25WY;D@JRX!'6J^FM=:A




MH+N;4]0#27
^8(HI9I


M



LH..#*P
%;/Q

GEWNHQ%<A9Y$6< 8'F*K .1V8@D=C534/AIX
U0V


MN6A1(VA#EHLC:5SM)()PP;@ 

M0.V 



K!]G\R:


F
#T..<=*PTL+[_A
M
]'M8]9N1-_8
Q-V\41EP98R

L33630F!HYI&

T^KM

M=*U-$U^_7Q
^FZ]+?6=Y-/+]F@EMXS:SQKNVB&55SG: Q#
6X/ %7H?A[X;@
MM[&*VO$BL)C/:H-2N
MHC

UWCR[:$8S)*QVHO

MT[6[BSGODN&DLY/-@








^L7

D
ZI$DA21-S1MM
M0 KGT ..]=3#\



WA'PQK$HOY;6X@




M9!]B

U
MO/X2T-FLF6R\IK(

@


FN^*;=/&6I?VA +=
M1/\ 9[;9(YAR

&-<U+Q%/H]NFJW4<]CYUJ,QPDF8/L$;?N^,LKD%=ORC
MW!KTN=\.Z')#9ZE=:G9P07VKS&:[@ADW*@VA F[ SA0





E7=O/\ .]FCL**\UTWQ
]LY(H'Q;L%5






IC+$!D.YCN'.0

C_KM<[^BO.]1\8^(=
M/L_$TA&EN_A^5&D(@D N8F0.% W_ 

C[HI\GB[Q+)#XEN(+72HTT.
M0




NI7/S KR/NTVFOZ]?\F2FGJOZV_S.WHKA=)\6



1C.Y?+ ^4+C



M74

I;:BRP+]E*M&ZB(*RDNP

@<:5&VN::US&PAD;[/(JJQR-XW
MJ0_3Y2
=33MJU_77_)ATO_73_
[ZBO/8O&NLW?ARPNT&F6EQ*]U%--+&\JM)


MIH7G:K]DF6ZW
B10%%

OM0NK


%51ZDGI7 ZOX[U2WGN8M+L_MTU
M@D1FBMM-N;E;IV17*QRQC9'PPP6W9ST'6J?C?5;SQ'X3\5P6UO9+8:;;E+B.
M\A9Y9)?*$GR_
!&4W+@D-D@]
9H=[7&E=I
]
1UD171@R

JRG((]13JYO4-



**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBJM[J=AIJQ-?WMM:K-((HS/*J!W/11D\D^@H S]/\*Z5I


M_=Z8A::)KC(CP
D



QYDCSG:RR(ZD9
M[XS[UIP:UI5S?3V
&IV4MW;C
T$=PK21C_:4'(_&DM];TF[NUM+;5+*:Y=#(
ML
+QI

MAI(F.=DG[KYAV _'KS51/A-I:65O:C6=8*0:D=40[H




ZIK
M?BVBO=(33K*UAFM;])O.C._?EI#N48!7H/][TZ635].MIX+6YU*SCN9DWQ
MQM




M
Y/Y4D^J_K2WY _/^M;_ )E37O#&F^(EMFO%D2YM'\RUNH'V2P/ZJW]#D'N*



M2-

.J:M#:V
 03Z
M9%%GK&F:C%-+8ZC:74<+%97@G5Q&1U#$'@_6G=[_ -?UL']?G_FSD[SX7Z=?
MIKR3ZUK!77)$DO &@&2A^4+^ZX'0?05?LO MK9^)&UW^U]4FO&L18'S&B^6
M 
?=C!#9&[(/7VXHT3Q;_;7C+4=
M9=/N=-@M([BYM)_-,A9F4AB/E&IX&

M\@:W3Z?\!_Y%N?P?!.]]

M !DG'K6;INM6=Y)]A?4-.DU:% ;JUM;D2&)L



MC1F*.RN61HXD((VJ0H8C!Q\S-CM18:[-J.GQ:D;BRL;.[FC%E]H!+31EL9^\


MD7



9\N1&#(V.^& X[UE^$_&5IK?AZQNK^\L
M+?49[8W



A;[PRR9(; Y+# Q



M=JUUJ%Y;VENI 
MQ*L: GIR2!4
FN:1#:PW
NJ626\R%XI6N$.H!)*G.

D  UM


]FUC3X[5)#$T[W*!%<'!4L3@'/:G<##U'X?V.H6FKVG]IZG;V^JW'VB

-
ML0^8-EO0Y/&.*WY-?T:&ZMK635[!+BZ :WB:Y0/
#P@SEL^U,_MO3KF01V6
MLZ:72Y$$J^:LAW=X\!AM?ZY^E):;?UT!O^OQ,BX\ V-Y#JD=SJ6I2G4Q9W9

JO'^R/?-GQEXP7P[##'


#EN6W'WS4L?B?69M)?68O#F[3
M3 9XD^V 74BXR#Y6S:
C_;S[9XK:;7-*BN[:SGU*SAO;E0T5M).JR/G^ZI.3
M^%-WOK_77^OF2K):%2^\


P#HK,ZFY3*JN-Q//
M &1GTR*/Z_/_ ((;JQSVF_#FRTQ[=X=9U=G@,^&=X<LDS!I$.(QP6&<C!'8@
M<5!J7AFS_P$8L_!4!U.X


M/4#)^II_\#_@ 7W@S:M!$[0?)L1XP
IQ@$9!&1[@BN0M_AQ:VUII=LFO:P8M
M



QM575

M2\YEQYGF;E.=V!R
$8X(HM?!T=CH

X/




X&#@# /4FDO;*_OKBQL=(T_4+663PM+8B1M/F





;KN*Q +#. :Z:RO[/4[5;JPNX+







[BTM[.232]=C26ZG5
I%)%

@C(S
MS7JL\RV]O)





\NU@V/W?)W


MTNTG#
.
XZ9]^IP




'!'(K/T_0&LV3
M[1J^HZA'$0T

M0_V/JD
UI/.+S_B5SKY6]'7+G9PS+S^/09K0TC3[N#PA8QR+J^EZEIEW=2Q
MSIIS7Y:1_E




89F0AESO1N 0
M#QCIZ47V]5^ =_G^1YQXXTW^W(/$&IVVA7\MO/96]K;QMILADFN%D8[Q&4W+

\5Z9KJ:;.=';3Y(V2VL':2.9V0[FB5=^2J[2=N1C!Q7




4
M-HUQ)$1(K




MZAAU_'IS71-?F3QMX;F2QU41)IDT+RMIEP$CDD
6T



GAD6H3^QYRC3!MRIM\OJ


M)HCW$

;CLP/F[]




ML





O.,
MX]J-K_UV_P"+=?UYD'AC2#97.L:F8O(_M6Z%PL&,;%*@)'9FV[C]<'I7-Z

UI'=:
!!;G#ERK1X
?S 
4R3DA3UX)KM-
T2ST@RM




MZSI_




M@*&E;H


T*X
#2VLS/#!]F$GVN8.\7]R1@V9%]G)I32::7]:/]0CHU

M VBV:E8#9SR0
%)R5+(P+ GDAB03UJS/X8TBYGCEEMG81R+((O/D$190H4M&
M&V-C:N



@CBM/5-7;0?&7C+5HXA*]IH5O
J'HQ#3$9]JZ



M\O[W[/&LY50.&CPFG;#ACT^:L:U\7ZI;2^&;J_UBZ:VR]IK2M% (XYP716
M)$8(RZ


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** LG7_ !)I
MOAFWM9]3E
:7-S':QD8^^YP


MS%HTXY=G947KPP)[5D_##QA;^+O!]G(;J.34K:-8KR(



!B


N+WQ7\H@EA727FBWQNT
MV1L10');_:SU&,B*N_N_&X2=OQ_(] ?X@:9:^

MY[!75VY/4 @'D9P2!5C5?%S:1:ZI=W'A_5FMM-^:66
VY#H!DNH


M;^


M/MB+]F_=@@D8_?\ S9 [9KGOAMX@T;2_#NDK/XLAOKFZM+6VBTXS1-);R9(V
M!$ ('S#)8$C')KEX9[[5O'GQ!/A3Q!#'?2^0]O;QO$Z7RJAWH06X&1E
$\


FG7

QZ-JD5[9 -









M)D;RGR@_




M.F:5JFIZ?:N4FOK2.



M7O=K_A_+J-:M7\_R?]?






M
_[-%EX^M+SQE-X6?2=4M-0BC:7-RL*HZ#HRD2$L#VP/KC!QQ?PO\0:+I'A3
M2&NO%D%Q/+;);1Z6TT1DAD


M:-)\2O%]^WB^TT^T.H6TR*USL5XJ9R-S#<


5MIWEJUS)(
M05AB.





1CN H5RY










M33?$]E/=Z9*9(H;B2V?.


M_=)*)M+ D\J
_+@FJ:]]Q^[UT(3?)S/^EL=E?_$6+3K_ $ZSG\-:X)=2E:*R





M112 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
JGR\_<!'9<#D^M9?AZWT^_P#B!HEMHUB/#%WIEJ)K^W
:1-J*
M

18B7
2R.2ZKQ



$; O\ 



MFZ*SX$N=-\/QI+
U[=6UJ TI&#




MA9T#&-\@;E)Z'!(R/6N'\.P:=?\ B?PI8:38CPSJEE:Q7=V[1I&VI0E!D+Y9
M(D!P22Q!'IG.%'5V_K9O]!2T5_ZZ+]3W&BO#]7TW2[7XVZN!X4MM5B.D+.UN


')S]:\

  9ZYXIV]YQ73_.

/O



H_UU_P @

 XXZ5+?N\_2U_S_ 




^N/45-X'MK?QWK/BG4/$]K#J#V

M M

M1A%N!EP8W QG*J 
^F.E9H\7V5]X
\1^--'TF&T\26]DL%V3;CS8)@2&R2
D
M !3SV49Z8I75F^W]+^N@TG=+O_7]=SU^BO)U\+Z2?@]_;I16UPZ6;[^U\G[5


MXZU@17

DW2VU_*@6%W8J<@[21R
C(R/6KFN7\?P=OZZZ$Q=W
_I?\; W;[[?A<]7HKR_Q!H=
MY86FA7&B^&['6=%M;0BYT3Y4&YRK94(VLW#=03R<=2:PO&UYHGB'X+WVHV5
MM





M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 5SMWX.LI-;FUG3[R]TG4KA0MQ/9



*GJ$5%5 ?





M'3K7;T4 9VAZ2=$TF'3O[0O+Y(1M2:\96DV]@2JKG'J1GWK(7P/9VLET-*U+
M4=)MKN0R7-K9/&(Y&/WB-Z




M$[806QG(!R


M
M(+AT9('VE=P(4
QP3R[-UK


$ '@'KS4.K



MD%22Z


M
-P !C^$ #VK
'P]T^/3I-)@U+5(-$DW!]+CE3R2&))4
4


OW2=R


M;[4K#49X ;NQ9F@E'WEW*58?0@]/85F3^#K3^U;K4]



.C
MC4]5&A'C^R_/7RMO7;OV^;MSVWX[=.*Z.;2K*?1Y-):W06+P&W

 =02?6NDN]*BO]

R$
&RFW!R




N9



)\=RR(ZYY^\ #[UT5% &7H7A[3

M0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 



F%


M:/MFH_\ 0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 
F%H^V:C_T_P#R86BP7-BL_[9


MFH_] O\ \F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_ - O_P F%H^V:C_T_\ R86BP7-BL_[9J/_

M] O_ 





M


M\EK(S!'*.KHR

T3JV
EV'W1G.[H
?=Q4=M8OKJ7]O#
D]WYD




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
9%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end







begin 644 ex10-45_003.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 2G U0# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





M=S!%8&*]O+)Q(H!FCQAER&=4\Y@.2

LA.(V('F


'#DG.TXW88?=YR5_7]?U\@6]OZZ?U^I
MZDD\

!5/3?$6B:U*\6E:QI
M]])&-SK:W22E1ZD*3@5R^J7T]U\(+:_N;F-9Y+.UFDGF'RAB4)9AD<9Y/(_

8!SO[




J*6
M9@J@9))P *\OTG5=-U7P9X3TW2[ZUNM8MWLV

YQ
];^M[$=E


M7EEGM_

]?F(


C/-7-[8ZXSZ]8ZU90QR7MI]K^RSQS&TMX_
V2


H'SD [0'P0.

MW$UYJ-G;Q6Q59WFG5!$6^Z&)/RYR
9ZYJK'XK\.S6
U]%K^EO:0L%EN%O(S'

M/[%T'0=;O+JRBU!KIKRX:_D:*266-@0TH5O+VAL*6&/E]Z2_R_'_AA_P!?






M!E)H9 Z
.G!'!KS&%K6X6XN[OQ3#96RZP+L:S9QH+:X8P;=J&3?'&%X!+%@6


$^8
[@
@G%-JU_Z_K^MQ)WM
M_7]?UH=E=Z_HUA8PWUYJUA;6D^/*GFN42.3(R-K$X/'/%6!J-B;.&\%Y;_99





MV!+NW$_



-M
+Y
MUC9(I8Y0?)8P(
(0HSD$J23BEMO%%AILNI:[K#:41=WD:Z8\4ZMTOD 
R3
MN%&

MKIVEI$^H7]K:+*X2-KB98P['H!DC)]JX!K


=(STJM%K$UI'I=QJ%UIR:M:VT^DW
5_*R1LX9

CI16-X1@N[;P=HT%\&%U'9Q+*&'(
M8*
@ULTY*S:$G=!1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

W'[F=V
9QU[]
M:LT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


87DCK0M6U_5O\ A_\
M



M=0T?Q)_:H\





MVU*$H
A?+)$@.26((],YQZ-\2K*UO?AUKHNK:&?R;*66/S$#;''##/0CUI
MS]U-^OX



X[5[XS!%+



M_&SP[H\'@N\U5--M3J



^'9XM*L_M%YX@B^T

MH(H541LS(K;






X*'&. O;T7%4/BKJ-IXI^'FGZ


AX?&

^




#G=@_-R!Q6/X

0/.4 ?*I.
C@$\=^*DN67+_7E_70

3+:W


8  SUSQ7N=MEO:Q01DE(D

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH


]QJ&C7-O+$KW


M]&E6'=;6DB/



O;0

:Z]
MT*TU315TO4R][& I


8/#JWVGZ;(]NMPD
MVH1LRW.6*^6F'4!N.I)Z\*:S_'/BSQ+X:T'3=2MXM
BEN+U;.:WGADF +
P#
MJX=.



N.





NCZ_K;\[H%H].GZ7_ 

M




M-;W]V]WI4$(5GM(I-/D


;O;W$?4.B[P




<C/RA1
+WL#=ZGJ-JEC,MQEJ8@/-7
MHYWQL21GIG'M6IHS:HT





YYXYXKF]4\5ZOX0U72(?$;:?=V.ISBU6YLH'@
M

-G:K=QSRZ?*Q*L1A6Q.!QGEN

MMBF6/A&TTYK^YAO+PZK?J%GU.0H\Y Z8!78H'H$Q[5!X#\37?BOP\;^]L5M9


%./
W=I!<*4F:U*!W0C!7+JV <]AGWKD/_B?Q5K

 ]^O&##X

MVD(L?L
H9DC?:V'\_CMR5QDBBW



MG\A8R=I4%O+B4M@'C)ZUS_BCQAKGA3Q;ID=VNG2^';VY2258'2:W+@A=S;R
MI&5)SM''YT_Q_P
[2QU.YOM'U_TDW<GFW4-HT9BF?NQ21'D]RNW-6M9\*
M:7KVAG2;])7AWB59!(1*D@.0X;KNS_ATKG)?$OB2+XJ6GA4SZ4UG+9?;6E^Q



/3^U?



MR


]9GA'Q3KU_XPU[P]K[Z;'<Z:JM
M+6V=/.C;I)EI&XZ97'?K5'Q=XI\7^%O!O\ ;IN=#N&-RL:Q_8)5#QNP-GS



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


M'4^@YZ5HZAJECI44



I0UJPF\2:<Z:_X,^W6CQJ8K43PFY@D((?#%PH'0AE?/7BN0
M\2^_$C?#S1/#5OID^K/;WXN9US%MB@#,5B)D=2YL!TQP?:O2M.\5Z-JK7

T#QCHGBB:YBTBXGG:V8I
7LYHE1


DD]@

R#;4XOQAX0USQ3X0N+G&LQ:JUP+F#2R]EMBF'L)!SM '7S
^W:NI


D;AU')]^.=\+

?[*M7;Z)XWT#Q#JESINF75







M:UH_@PV6CPV;6TS6OV2(

ZF8[A=T#G
M2+L+*-I;Y28L-D#( Z]J@MOB3X9O+::YMI]1G@@9DFECTB[98V'4
1%@$=\T
MEI\KO[]!OWOR_4R/$'AW4_&.AZU]NBUK3S
/?#]IJZZ3+
M-?&_9/

MSD#KQFCXN:1K/B'PFND:+I



#-8-

8%




J2.G4-&
M6(7<#C@D#CK6E8_$+PWJ5M?7-E<7L\5B2+EDTRY/ED'!!'EYR.XZ@9)X%0M\
M3?B:&FMM?70TMW\M;LZ=<^63TZ^7Z\9Z9R.HIWZKU^_3\2;:6^7W:_@48_#



MG*^?U[X;U#7Q.^ZQEOY)M/3(.R.0*S_3YN

/#^IZ3KVBW5
MG#-
[1F9XF;DY5T





UKCXC^%SX?_MX7ET=*W[/M7]G7.S/3.?+Z9XS



/7T=Y$2-I'=



















7G?9_['O/
\O^_M\K.WWZ







MD;J0#T Z^M=77*2?$?PO%H
7][C[O7H<<BFR4K'345EZ5XAT_6+B



M!N-(AU2VO)+JUFE\E/LUM+-(9
M

WADF8Z[@BDKC'.0

M*K$Y& #S1;H'2YTM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44


 IW4K)<+=S



MG:=X=T31VE;3-'T^Q


MA#&(HO


MCN+W1]/N9XT\M)9K9'95Y^4$C(')X]ZJ+X)\)I&\:^&-%5'QO46$0#8Y&1MY


M]C;1J6.-S


MVL%U!;Z/I\



'M8[=%B8'KE 
'/?BF:;X=T3197ETK1]/L9)!M=K6U2
M(L/0E0





VFC36TFP-

(?&EEJAV:NVIM</YG#20'.QAGJO7Z9K TB.673OBQJ5L?\
MB27(G%LP^Y)(J/YC+[9QSW_O8-2T/2-9#5-+L;X(<H+JW27;]-P.*?=Z1I
MM_8PO-.M+BS&
6\T*O&



$\#G':K$NC:7/I:Z7-IMG)IZJ%%H\F(
M=!L(Q@8&.*=3WXM=[_C_ %]Q,/=:?;_,\$ABUG_AF9I!J&G_ -F^4?\ 1_L3
M^=_Q\?\ /7S=O7G[G3CWKI_B.S'P=\/UAEC29M2LO+9UW*#Y?4@$9'3C(^HK
MT;_A#?_V7[+_P (WH_V??YGE?88MF[&-V-N
XXS1)X



MVT338;2X_P!?!':1K'+_ +R@8/XTD[._I^#O_7GJ/R]?Q0:J=




M

/$4





MBT;3H[BU01V\J6J!X5Y^5#C*CD\#U-:)1#()J[P V.0#U&?P'Y4+3;^NP/

/ACP^=3_M
Z'IAO]_F
M?:C:1^;O_O;\9S[YK5I?92_K=O\ 4'\3?];'D7A71A;ZMXP^'5W!OTQW^V6H
M*_*L

^YKO!;P
_K0G9



MKYMM:1QO@]1E0#BG%V2OV:^]W%+6_P OP


X8$9Y-0?\(YH7]E

Y]JEJ\91[V_7_
N+M*
NW_  /\CPS58M9'

M@[1@E002




M)S@\]Q3/A8'L/$/C2RU0[-7;4VN'\SAI(#G8PSU7K]
UWNF^'-#T:9YM+T;3
MK&5UVL]K:I$S#K@E0





2(T5XP!@[F;'/O78V?@C4
M-/M/$NHB2SN_$&N@K(7=H8(DQM@A6)@YSCYL#I6!:_#'7K;PIH:V\^FVGB


M;K/))(D:8+ ': BJ

?

5C


M$B66BW-D=/.GK:SWTJ-(A;.YB(& )_N\_6B-KJ_G^7^?XZ[#?7^NO^7]7(?B


\PEEXP[.
MR)@#'W0OXTXVZ]_PM_G^)+V^3^^^G]=BQ\3]2U/1? E_JVDZC+97=IM=62.-
7$19R@<+YD*JAS_=
M()%=!\0]U3Q/X/N]%TH68EN]JO)=3-&L:A@V1M1MQXQCCKU[5LV0U*+0HUF

;WP[



MQXDMOBAIGA?_ (2_4VM+G3GN9)?LUIYF]21Q^XP!QTP3[UJ:7X0UGPWXTN-2
MT1K!=&U

MR5E8DE\(@$9.%SSCJ
\'6/X_C^MK?('M+\/P_2YC^/K[Q?X.MM+UJ/Q!=W
M6E12I%JD26UN'VY \Q3Y1QGN/4\8'3KM.NKO7=?_ +2T_5IQH44001*D1CN9

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



MW6DV-XMJ)K6)C:2++;G:
Q


YZ?
3CFO/?A'(^JW'BK6-1/
MFZH^JR6SLX^:.) -J#T49/%4/#^Z#Q;\2- @0?V+'$)5A'W(Y)(\N .@SSQ[



M5ECEDC\3:
Z1*&D9;^(A!D#).[@9('U(I1XS\+&V:Y'B71S;JXC:7[=%M#$$
MA2=V
D G'L:Q/#5K _PITFY:)#.FAB-9.0IB!(^AP/RKG?AC9V]_P# O3[.
MZB66WN)6CE1APRFXP0?PJY1LY173_-K]4[I/O\ Y7/2;G7-(LM.BU&ZU6Q@

MAC9V]_\  O3[.ZB66WN)6CE1APRFXP0?PI*[3\K?BVBGI;^NESTFYUS2++3H
MM1NM5L8+&7'EW

EZ)WZ?J[+Y'HECJVFZI L^GZA:7

LBDCJ 03SP?RJT[I$C/(RHBC)9C@ 5R
GB'PE/X\MK-OM \1P*\:

UF!I]+U&TOH5;8TEK
L

MVYSG/&*L:EKFDZ




MM6E[:^);813QPW*2?9I5/[M6DXXVK]2U5Y)=_Z_03T3?8]8OO%?AW2[MK3
M4-?TJTN4 +0W%Y'&XR
C*D@U$GC/PM)#+


T+2
!RQ$B $_@ *O26L!^$QN3$GGCP\8_
QSM
(./IDH
M;M4NW^5RTKRC'O_ )I?J=1INLZ5K
+S:7J=G?11G:[VLZRJIZX)4G%16OB/



WV7Q#ID





M+!$^\/=E0&(!88 /0=^!3DK)OLW^%O\R4[V??
N[
M!XX]5U66WAU*X_98)5P6()=2



M
B2*$F(@






$;22




MFK-D\0^$I_'EM9M]H'B.!7C1?[.G#&-N#EO+P4XSNSMXSFO)K#7[?1]$^(-I




^NV%I;
M36[J+

/^$[\'_P#0UZ'_ .#&









]






UQ!@SP*YR=ZG[P'8]@.HZ5ZS8SP76GV
MUQ;
6@EB5XV(ZJ0#^5):QN-Z.Q8HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#F=3\$6.I7=_



M

#K&VT2\TVPNKRR:]D:2YNXF





@])-K

D/F;D

7R*\V@F?2;BS.J7PGN42WH\HS
!QC!0H.
\!1U)&#S6+I/P]






#AG#''WAQ
M@$8[YK:U;Q;H^CZWI^D7E_;07=[N*++*J[0!P3GU;  [G..E';Y_U\PONO0S

M^*==&FQ1^4MNPM3\G==WD;L=NN:/GB5I8KJUU_5[$ZA_:=Q:6Z_+!YH0@ (
MA))_,GGK713:QI=MJ$.GSZE9Q7LW,5M).JR/_NJ3D_A0NZZV_KY ^SZ7,+P

MDV1C*S



+/3[;4-4U*(63


4TZHTA_V03D_
MA3;S7-(T\N+W5+*V






MWOTXITV@Z?-J5QJ)AVW=Q:FTED3@O'G(!]QS@^]8NCZMKUUXWUK2;NXTUK+3

MS-*P  ;&





.IS6AX\61:[X9TDZAJEG)K5S;F:2W61%D(W'D1CG''I35WK_7;]!/




M2W&
L#P36=I_B*[M_&WBBTUG4K5-+T^VFA9T6%81)OSN8GD\ 9) XZNMM;
MJWO;6.YM)XKBWE7='+$X=''J.*.GKK]_\ PP/1V.
TSX6Z+IWAK4/#TEYJ


M+?-&Q).!U)''2HKK7;Z/XBZ38QWUNVC7FGSW.U8QU0KAO

MT6\MDN+76-/G@=RBRQ7*
K
!D@$'!('.*.B?;]- ZM=_U
2Y\ V4GB=O$5CJ



Y4#(Y/K6'8:]=WGQ$
FW^9SL:UH;ZU8PVIU:_LQ&ZNS
MVOE!I2O(#;D88R



M:I_9AU*S&H;=WV7SU\W'KLSG'X4O^' Q[3P59VVM2ZY-?WUWK3VYMEOYS&'C


*=L;+4+J75K


O<R&\$Z:D
M6N+93W-C)K4OF7<UOLW_ '=I[E8 'D]
Y8D$=L9OA1I[^#E\*'7M;_L=6W
M'=;Y^]NQN\G.-W/7].*Z^/7-(ENH;6/5;%[B?=Y42W%Y-I(;:
Y.#CIBN

M;GQDNER:EY&E/*8/
32UCD\P-C.TS;\

W6
=4=SZ*I.3^%.O=;TK31(;_4[

]J6S_ -_S
NY\(6UQ;260U+4H]/G
AN;-959)MY)8%


MZ1]7L
YKE=$U;5]0\/Z[

GE











M!)/#$YR

M.T68GRD9U4J
UP)L;

X)^4'!/7L/B6&D\$7%JEE=WCSRPH(;:U


A5R55@=H()Q


;HIKV-&&1D9!;/0@TKZIA;1H\Q_T/3O ?B
SV=[I=
MI;Z\+R!9M-EAB




$XX/%1Q

%


M^8JQE




QPW6FN%@8


=QO77^MK'BGBPN9M*\:PS:/JNHOJ#6LUI*=*;YW 9
MJN5(P1R


)-'2Y5_+:%KZ(.&SC:1NSG/&*VE
M8


M]6_M77$OIF_M%=/%@N4N@P*J$
O3ZAN+JWM$1KFXBA5W6-3(X4,S' 49ZD
MG@CT_K2WY!Z_P!=?S/']8L-0;7-!C\.Z1J6CI!I]PJQR6<KHF]U81/(FX)O
ML58[




&!8#HN!USP
R

+++CS-@
M.#]T*2?3FO0]/\



?I[

(=*T[4 UU8V8@+VLT$=P8F9I(Q*5 !*D+G(Z\=*]9HHO_7R2
M_0/Z_%O]3Q#6+*QUGPAK-S;^/%$.HR0);@ZH+BZD=PP8-6=S@?
=^% Z \





&H=0L['6/!WB&Y

M2V!RY0=6..@X/6C4==TO2;JRMKZ]B@N+V416T39+2MD#  Y[C)Z#-2MK+^M1



MZ# IIZ_+_/\ +4&M/N_)?GH0^


M KV:BB7O7\_^#_F):6\OZ_0\BTF+R4^&L;Z)J2&QB=;O.E3@0
8MGS'9Q^\&


M$E\MX]XSMD&&'U':I***0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4

M^)-=O+&Q\0-;V

,;.(
MGKMBZ=\\YQ1T^7XZ_P# 'I?Y_AI_P2G'XQUBST'6[R&Q;1]9FAB6&%&$UMY


MZM#;N
X*_*'(&3@
S =@


M RGD!F'ISTR 1&_@?39_ H\(W=Q=W.GB$0K)*4\U54@K@JH&1@8..W.:+Z?=
M^M_S7W!O_7DOU
-)U_2K
M&QD:ZLCIY!L[BQF\J:WP-ORMSVXZ56G\ VT^GZ;:?VWK2FPN1=BX:=)99IAP


MM#O[%-%6:!)[Z






'9\F&. !EPQQWY-7/#'AV'P

M


M&2X@9&C=Y(AQE2,KD;3R,C/2NGTS0/[-U?4-1.J7]T]\07BN/**1X^Z$VH



$]#BNNG\ :7=^#[3PW=75]-!9;



M]

#D\4*U]?(6MOO\
MU_X!FW?BWQ):6GBHG^RFF\/D2-)Y$@6XC




%*CJC#

V[.1EH]P#;Q\QR





MRV:TC9I$!DA)!/M09 *K@C!XY)R:::_K_M[_@Z6_KI_P $H^'O$/\ PE\%

EB

]N#;2;4GED+,ZL,
M?,F7.!QT%='3?]?A_P $/3^M6<'\0[6TTC1DMXEC5_$%I(V.[-+DD_4FIO&

.7;$P* 3)C[VQ9)-ASD8WGUS6-<?#/2[VVU*&




'

(O$A

!@=.W.:JZ%H']A0W<8U2_OFN9FG:2[\HL&/7
M!1%]N#G& !@<4YV<GR_+]8725]_ZO\ UYF.OC4O\-K?Q/;V_FRR11AXVR!'

MYS@=N

M^E







MY32;F;)[0^23QZ58A^'%M;Z9I-A'K^LB'2[HW5MS;DASGJ?*Y RW'^T?;O










6^I6

M/



+L[L;MTASG.!U'
M&.

7B*;5[
1V'2I[OX<6=U



MWFGZC';?[1:

M W:?9H;O4YM
O3YK'9)'OR8QC[IV$Y)R




M[NO2L+P=X@U:RTCPCH]M:63V]UH37$;R2L&
D:K\IPN%7YAR-QZ\#OU-]X)L


M;UF\CMM.N[G3=2CL_

MI8[A)K8@
XRR&
M-8V+%L_


2H44Y4C9&&#!B6R#U/I@5)9^![.VUVSUJX



N#7DNJZ;<CP?XJLY]%U2\N9=:6ZM)&TQ

K@ Q@DEF


]N8?.@C692TJ8X

-^

MFX2+^R[C>8C=7?C9G&P$_IUXJ[)2^?_ +
FRR/;VP01FH3&&<!MAP

M]?(.O]=[?\$[Z]UG2]
D@CO]2L[1YVVPK/.L9D/HH)Y/TJXS*JEF8!0
DD\


M_AJV\?VC3K)[:_1+9I)G=B%A9?NOA1D[ A(8=.]*]2VL]%\.G3?#?BSA;6


8SUVMC[K8(.#R

?VL(B_(GV;
M*KB(D'EL\\\_
*SOA[Y\7@?2K.YL[JUGM+=8)$N(C&=RC!P#R1[]#VS7FFHV

MNI[18ZII^IB8V%];7?DN8Y?(F638XZJV#P?8TR_UK2M+EABU#4[*TDG.(DN)
MUC

A/Q.\02+8WT-M/9VJQ326


O?Z=*QO'M


T



M'FM/&VA6NL:3+=21Z ;.]NFT]Y(7FRIM+LVM\@(R3CC'7BA*_\ 7K_E^(=/
MZ\O\_P #I?B#XL;1=+5=)UFPAU-9X-]LVV25HGD554MQ][.X@CC\:ZE];TJ

M3U/'3O3:MMY_@F_\OO!:[^7YK];_ '$C^-QJLWA?4-&U2S_LN]NV@O(@%=U_
M=/( S9^0@*













MRXQCWSVJY87FK6E]=KK6I:5-9P1!FF@MFMO*8GH^^5P01SGC^58'Q%6VN]1\
M-VMUI5WJ%K#J N+I(]


M]G^NRT_

M8 JDGOMDVGZ%O6L[7='E\.Z[;?:=$\0ZSHTFG1V@;1KF994E5F+^8D;IN#[L
MDMQFAJSM\OZ]582VO_7]7_ ],O=9TO3%A:_U*SM%G8+9YUC\P^BY/)^E7=R

5X[?Z7_8^K(EWX1\2W6AW=A#;6UOI5[
7M@NX&*8)*H(PP.6)




K<=S!+!Y\<T;PX)\
MQ6!7 Z\]*\VM]'LKS0#?Z?IWB;P[,;W[9'-=))=7)F6-E+OS2
5*_+CJ?;@


M)?:QIFF20QW^HVEI).VV%9YUC
A]%!/)^E%_K.EZ4T2ZCJ5G9F9ML0N)UCWG



M(8A 5X)].IQ5:Q5[;P9X8@.AZNDUMKQN+B-=(N-R1!W.X@)TVNGUZ#H0+MK;

M++Q-XGM_$.L6



[&_L+TV=]%!$)9[*

*Y;P-;


MZ0K
7^C:C:S2:-I!E:SEDB+BX28;L  ?-L!D7 '\0%86BVUS;^M:

M#]WZ@_B^_P#0T**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** *]]?VFF6,U[?7$=O:PKNDED;J/4FELKRWU&QM[VUD\RWN(UEB?!&Y



#&2/1?*_X7&E

):?UY/\ R/3O[3L_[7_L



M@4E6.)/



ME#TW\_PO_DQ)WU7]7M_FCN:*\UT[7M=\0^(?%[#=6EK;7VERW4MJUNT@#!H

M*?*[V]?P=@OU.OK.U/Q!HNBM&NJZO86#2@F



M[@0R01/N0.'
;$L
#/&[YL#! .:+ =EJFM:;HJ0/J

@E27
M:/!X/)]1Z5OZ'K6I7'BC6=$U(6CM91PSQ36T;(DF[Y6#,W(*GD$9ST%5U_



M&XM6F

MMI0&VE2#@@@@$$$$$$9%
MM:TV\U:[TNVO(I;VS56N(4.3%NZ9[ GTZUS_
M 
0Y]4MO#

C.:RKF36[3QOKDMG-


DU;JW6[6T-Q$+ED
BPEQO*@@%@O7 ) S[U'IWVX:;

7B:R\:HNI PWWV60G3YQ!_9[?)N\T

MUJ

MTFVAUF6:))&NI)B#&K$G;L0 97(PS9'IG-):_P!?UV ]+HKSV;Q9XPGN;FTT
MK0X+VZTUDAO!%Y?E2S%%=E5WG1HQ\W!*/FI+CQ?XHO=0NUT#PZ;J&QN/L\\;

MS)C
&662*(1-M



MDY;*D C;M)YIM:Z?UM_F#TW_ *U:_0VM5T[1=/UQ/$FM:W-;QIM2&&\O_+M(
MY
$;E0D+O()ZY]JN6GB_PSJ%U':V7B+2+FXD.$AAO8W=CZ !LFL_QPLX^&.N







HB\QV+/
J.JX(QE





M8B]3V_+%7M9TP:QI4]@;V]LO- 'VBRF\J9
'/RMVZ5R_AWQ)XJUB_LKB;0-F



=YN[_OG;C\<UC:_K]_I7B;P

MVYR!Y6TY/J#C)QBNIHIMWW_KJ)*QG:?H=AINAIH\$.;)4:
HYW;@V2V?KD_G




MZVNXO'IK7K&TB8\Y6/USR


M=8[T;.

M.R2VB74=1EM[(DV$

MD2:YC:2.-8P


CL2#[YJ/\ X5SI4OAR


MS@6V^UVEV()9H5/RQN44 @=




2ZKJ%DMI.MPBVO
MDX
C_ &76=<NI5GCGCO;
U1M;
MCU'4  '%=A10T.-?X=VSZ*FFOX@U^3$Z3O=3W2S32%&W(TB



M
@C(('4$5D-X)0ZEJ%\-?U@2WUJ+20%H&H,XVYB)S\S
GRC=&
L@/. 41

=1$)63IC

BM
M 003$C*5!P2
L&XJ2W^'UM:Q:#%'KFK^7H9)M%)@Y!!7#?NN1M)7MP?7FNPH

R:=!/\ :+?3
MI'4P129W;A\N\X8D@
Q /..E4;:W7Q1XYM]7FT*^L4T59H$GO8Q&;AV( * 





MU9I+:


2H!&S[MR@A Q4[VZD
MD=B*CF^'EM/IVMV

MD


MMY)'6/8O_'NR*Q1PX). 






MF
#D%I
CC'.*K:/!:?\ KUUO37N+B[M[^6&]GLIO.N%M6NSC#;@WRA6PP.
0_$M[&[O\ 7X&$0UTTI9X&O3N*$%FW6J !@W'S.&X

O303&)HH! 0ZW#@@JP<+C<01CC&*R]*
]45<I7;??_._

M
Y)JE%J


B\$1D,W[ORM^?X^NW/.<XKV6BB+M;^N_^?X(;UO_ %V_R_%G
M$?$ZTTZ;0]-N-2MK:6W@U2U,CW$898XS( ^<CA2.#VQUKD=:NOE[J/CA)+C

J2!QFO9:*FVC7K^*2_0::NGZ?@[GCFG:



ZI+=V0T0,NLW/S. X9?,C; '[L;
ML%0< $C(S5/1'T+4=^']YJ*V5[%!=7%I+)


**
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH XO


M;F#3O


2+5]





M3)=#N=-A54BO9-4


+!20 5PC9.2.#BL4_$2[TZ307US1(K6RUL


8RP+#'7(Y$

3@ '!Q

M-3


M7WCK:_G_7];GJMEJGB*6[ACN]$TY()$),MMJ;RF-MN5#*85P#TR,X]*Q_#7
MQ GU?QE?^%]5T=--O;:,RQ,EWYR7ABI*_(I[?7KP
4GAS7?.ENEII?B*_

M


EUX:LVBO[W[';XU1@^23M9U\

H)P



MP-H
!NM&C6XE47_[N2%E+ JWEYWX5OE*XX^]2P^-[[4M7;3=*T RR'3HM0BD
MN[M84D1\8'RAR#U'(ZCL
&@/Z_K[T=;)=VT5Q%;R7$23S9\N-G 9\#)P.IX!


M#U]






94C()^4@#G)P:Z?

MQ7
$
MH12K!V4;6.2N.


MFT21M0TN6)/(M)3


*2-W3K4K^ONN5W_KK8[^BN%7X




M



+_=&..*

I7:47 &T8.3G


M1O!VE@


M.!N'7FDM0N=317

MC./3@C
MD9]EX^FNK+0[^31O)LM3N_L+
;H-)%-EEX4+ADW*1NR#_LT+7^OE^8/3?^NO
MY';5#;W5O=QF2VGBF16*%HG# 


&.01QS6!\/=3FLM&FTC0[TNKA-6N_-@:X,6T/FN%8[4;


0^6




CGWHGN[:U
8N+B*$R.$C\QPN]CT S

!I A) Z [3UZ59US5K;Q)



[P7



M?-2095CN5=N.
@;NO&:M3^+;F/4-2TV\T$M)%IWV^***Y1S-$2596W!55AW&

DD;!E=3T((X(J2N
TWQ7)




-6UO3M3\/6^DP6DB7EZ8I






[KQ+I][<3Z[:
M2W5_8FSANHK
^5';N=S%4\WEFX^;=C@8%:-YX3N;NUT69=3CAUG2 1!=I;?N
MV!7:RM$7R5( XWYR


MY[9IMMO^NNI*T6G]6
C0O#GB#3K:9-5\6S:M(0$A
ME'&B)D9#*IRY(&
D]^
M
59\
^%T\.RZA


 GE$;
M5;
@O8HX6NYK5951F*1ERH.<$@9]C^-*]E?M_E_P%]P=?7_/_ ()R

*WNH


<8XKL[Z]M]-L)[V[E6*W@C




;]

_L

M+X?:S#H6DZ8GB*R_XEVH&_25M+;YVW%@I'G]
LWU&.F
GJ]*NM4OOL5W*+
6
M$]BDC!=WFB9L$X[;




M.7V2G+(I/. 

8R'&T@Y4DA@#VS73?\(6;/5[:
M[TC4!901Z:NFR0-!YN8E.4*-N&UAD\D
#Z5T.I_VC]@D_LK[+]MX\O[5N\OJ
M
YV\]

MXQR






MLW..O/Y5K5S7A'Q!J&N2ZY%J%O;02:=J#6BK;LS J$4Y).
GYCV']::ZK^OZ
MU#I?^OZT

M/B58];LHXM;@6WV#3F/V=%78


M=!E

6!O(;)6CG@!R


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /&?'=S83:IKTZF*+4-.N+202W

MRL'90
 %2P QFO::*5M+?UL-/WK^GX.__ /(G^S:59^'O'NF6-OJ4UU9)8WS


MXIV0A))(S(JGU*@J2/;(^M.;O%VZW_X;[]28JUEVM_E^1XMX:33KKPQX0;19

D8YI?#$VC7GB*W76=6UNW\7VTSF[MEM


<9QWK

MOO//]9.D2^



5ZHX9HV56V


M%J-.T&XN'ECBAUBU5MDKHNPN



M1Q(F!USUS[5T(S@9()[XI1TU\_\ +_(;UT\O\_\ 


*02%Z_6O7Z*:=G_7E_D)Z_UYO_ #.&^+ITP?#?5?[2^R;O+/V7





<P7






YB#U,?J:]8K!MM O/^$DEU74=9EOH49C8V9@2-+7< <@9=L9




V


?3C6OKGPMJ/C/Q:;O
M4;*[M6T6&55FO/



MQ!J4D

M!X7T2PN;BVN[Q=#

M3R@ZGH
OBF_TSQ1#?V_B9-3


F]6;.[9\R$@\?
/6K-]JEG9-XH
ML=(NMFE6VLPR7=OI8C=HK8Q 2LD9#*5$F-PVD=0:]RHH;_K[O\OQ#^OS_P _



M*

M62QU:]U72;RUBMM0-G H
3[VW+&L8VN?F+'DGC=][ J37?5SJ7B&WU.QAL
)I
M(WFB=@SQ,ZJ3'P-R[B<CI0O/^M5^@WY?UH_U'ZSX]DA\




UU)&



6FH7+6D-Q) J+YP+ (06##.TX.


:W;)!CF ##


($/2


FI[%-N9-Q
M3'WMX&X8#%=I]:S-!\-^

M_P!=[?H:ES\1-



(]P)#8^\5PO4 \$'IS5-?#OC/2/$



AD38-_[G R.3C.#Q@]:GI\G]X=?N+VG^/-.U&32=EEJ
5OJT;/9W$L





DCBG@F12Y
F/+V[&8-NR

M9:E@DEMKB#.Q#]TF1T?.#@;L\'CBN*\1Z3K-F?%-]=V6E3Q:P]M'96ZW[+
M*TB$*H!:
!7(RP.?E('49-7O [ZY%XCNSX@\.7MI?7D /VZYU*WNBZ1GA-L2
6$(

+=0TZYT2&WT_<WUX8
M)$+0AQB

MJWUFS@L;&X67S+J[M;B1&NU&0(Y(=NTY&/G+$CG K+LO!?B.'389';2XM3LM

9+N1T:VE!Z;58


MU37M!2QTI+
R_:H9F-U
T:@1N'XVHV22H';KGVJ&/P_J@US7+B6+2YK'5HX3
M)!
7?YE38R$;0IZ[OPV]Z2_S_)?\$'T_KJS?TW4'U'S'L+JS.T-LN-AR#G


MCUB**.0W+NC6QC4J&554B3KG!*=.M#T=UV?Z#6S3[K\RS9^.+'4;NXM[&RO;

P+


 2\_ZT


Y/\(/0C/:G:=X[T[4IM
\3IXG?4HQIEW%_8XT[
MS)[N2.21_O&1E$3 9;C )XY]JHVO@[Q)%I_@ZSEATEDT0
ERRWLG[Q3&T7R?



\D5G6'Q)T/4]/FN+3S99XKA+8VB20N[2

*2X$DDD\HA@@B +S2'HJ@D#/!Y)  !)(%<WH]EX
M@\-QZ7IXFM+JWFN9#-#+<2S2V\1QM6)V&7G.6?'! ':M3Q5H-UK:==:=/%
M#J.F70NK?SL^7(=I5D;'(!5B,C./0TV

B1W%FU


+V3]X/+

M6]QH=SJ:Z-JBFWO18M:-Y G


MPXW;




M3QI\-JET_DHFXDL9/+W$G=G&SMC/.:U?!VG:EHWA2PTO4X[1;BR@2W5K:=I%





U00_$'3+RYL+;3['

@QD;W*KGGUP.YY&:QT;Q
?&%WK8M-)\N;2ELEC^W29$@)
M;)/D_=W


C
AC8$[TD



MPC)V@#!(''Y/3I_7_#_A8%Y_UY$^M?$WPUHC();M9LQ).WESPJR1N
JVV1U9




M;A@
5VGUKH+-)_[/A2[CC2?RPLB12%U!QR QDCWP*X6+P-JW_.+X1GGLWT




M
?ZG()/'?U]J(.UOE^;O^ Y:M_/\O\SJM2\96.FSSAK.^GMK658;N[@C4Q6S
MMC ;+!C]X9V*V
\XJEK?Q

M70=4THZ/J




';DX


-[H7BFX\2SZK'::

M4=^9+:[M]SM^B
Z::4;[V7YK_@LT=)\1Z3;Z3H-GH^GWDD5W9+-:VR%-\-N
M.6WN
XR!@%F/H:WKW5+;3M'EU2[WQ6\47FN&7YE&







T[Q]INI_V3)%9:





MNL7U_+K



M5YDF@(# J



&F:?:V4).XQVT*QJ3


!NS\WKV&,4[:V77_@_P0;J[Z?\#_ #.\HKQR








O+_4]&3P_?:-J%]J-W?:9-+=6TURTR2;
+-&T(Z?*XU
2








MGQ'IIO+B[TVRUG3UM9;F5I74M)&SQ^8Q);:3W)(SBA*[7]=8_P#R0/2_]?S?



M
ZCYD&Q[Z'



:K:6OBRPL=1NWBLM5M8T\RX











MH37-OI]Q-9VGVNY2
M%;^8(_-8#A=QX&?4U-SO!&TL?ER,H+)NSM..1GO7C
MT$6KW'PYU[77\5:XM]ITNH)&RWA75&(4

MKO:G2$EMAI33-(+G^]*(N2#QC?E.&S2Z7_K:_P#7F'_!_.QULVOM#XPM= :P





D4


****



M6=['!/J
D*VS1D337+2$
 KGY26SPQ4#G. *%L#T.EO=(TW4[-;2_P!.M+NV



M F]5[G#
HX^N:;T9*U)[71=*L;R:\M-




MT


E?:U9Y)_LRS+/1YN[;L*!_-'(Q

I5@I&#T-5DTVPB2U2.RMD6T_X]E6)0







M\VHPZC+I-A)?0@*Y:V0R1@= K8R,9/2L'XFI(O@#5;R[O+6YM(3-#+:74D


)=/




[
MU1FX7MWQCBM#PQH
&BZ5 K:;IUIJ!B1+J2S4$2LHQDOM4MTSR.]9&G?$#PYX
MHU%]!@N&
:-U,LNU538K')R-H& ,Y&,YS3M_7W?YCO_7W_P1T$.BZ5;:C+J

M5]*


X(!//.1U.!4MOXXTZ6XBCGM;ZSCGL6OX
W&V%ELHP8ADGG''))X]34VD:Q



^JJ1@?A6)X$UJ:3PG+#K
Y^W:-)
M):7TLKY)
?20D\_






#1T;_KU_0.R_K^NI8_


E55E 7/\1W$9 ZX&2:;[?UTM^#0+5_U\RTOA?P^FG/IRZ%I
MBV+N)&MA:1B-F'1BN
$^]2?V!HPU3^U!I%A_:&

0_\(KX=^RS6W]@:7]GG<23

M+E+P(I&\#8058J0V1CGZXI6T_KR_S'UT_K5K]#1G\


#K@\5(_BV[B\9G2Y](NH+&/3A=RSN\.(\GE
MF^?.%P1QDDYXQ@T/S_KK^@?U_7WD7@SP%I_A6ZDO;/3(=+EEB

M((8M(%Y&.
*
9/)I!X3N+[Q_?ZOK&EZ/=:;+!%% )7
TL;1EB'V-'M!.\]&X
MQU.:2R^*7AN_OI+2&:1W$#SQ&%HYS
BC+;5B=G!QSM=5/MP:MV/CVPU!M*
.
MGZDL6JQ
]E-)$B+
RJ6
?+9#8!() 4]FIZWO_7]:
6FJ-J70='GU./4IM)L9
M+^+ CNGMD


']2GU+P[
M9WU[:S6LLD*NZS%
GY0=WR



&A2:!7$9
RSZA*8

M@!.2-V



M5[ ]+W-^30])FN);B72[)YY8?L\DK6Z%GB_N$XR5]NE5X/OAVV$(@T#2XA


1OM:F*0X?$1QA68(#\Q^8X]SBG;5)]?^#_
M )!O?RU_K[RSX:\&-9:]JM_JVC:(5FNEGL&A/FO; (J;1NB7;P@/RGV[9KJ$












ME[I*6VB7T4]O=
)&::./.T/'@!2

\L


K@@JI_NX/IG/.
'











MA?-8@A!TSM5C_7+T?P=XGL]'T73;UM
FL[/STN;1+N41S!SE7)\L%MN6'EGY
]=-IOB)


MX_*H P











MW49&

:QJ^JM=7IT^**^TAM.ODBE=S&2Q.Z








ML
MT


M)^\!C

M1LY)'3'O7544W)MW\[A;2WR..O\ 3M2MO'%UXCN5TQ=%32VM9&ENF#@ ERS+


MZKI4OAL3O-&TL+F[168L8Q@A

MJ5CJ



GC)Q[TAI7+E%96D7^JWDLZZ
MCI648O!-'=995/8C:K*PXR

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \X\00RV/B;4=
_M'4U_MZS!TX#4)U
M\FY5\



MXZ5-#HNE6^F_V;!IEG%89S]E2!5BSG/W 




6




.F

6]O?75V[RQ6Z$N?
V*RE2254LK X



MCGKE0



GJ57;@$]\4K^$O#4DD\C^'M)9[@8F9K
M*








M6I8=



MM:1QM@]1E0#CBDMFO7\4ORL-

\4FX'S5$1)6
I@GY0



Z


RL&R#
MZ8QW]-O]&TO55B74=-L[Q86W1X@638?5=P.#]*CG\.Z)=7R7UQHVGS7B*%2




XVXSCC-8OA/P?+8:GJ=]K
M6D:(9Y;UKJSFMV
SP!EE 6B4KC:.1UST&.1/^O_  '_ ?WC?\ 7X_YI&?;

M!;2PZA+%>2@M
MQQ_K'0;R#CUI-'T#R=+NXM9%I?76HR&6_P!L/[F0D!=H5L_*%55YZXYZTGJG


$OZ^3_ 

M(4?

_M'4U_MZS!TX#4)U\FY5\
$PWRCYT



MHVG)#;

W%J\]S# AMES)
GV6H6365[9V]S:L #!-$KH0.GRD8I7T2_K9?Y?B'6_K^;_P SR*YU/5K7
M3=6LDUR]LY+3Q#;0Q1K??:)%AD,093)(S ;R?8\9(Z]$--N=0\1^+/#D.LZ
MK#$+6VN+:1;^7S()G$@)5MV0N54[

M'4=AQ]*@O] 2RANK_P 




MP


9'KUIWU;_ *W!;6_K8\[L
DQZ5IT-M<6T5A:QP7!9IX
MEA4+*6^\6&,'/?/6I!96@FAF%K)8$

;HU.
JI[ X' ]!1?7^NR_5)_?




M?WL

/
MLP5)03\V[9@Y(R


MQ=CSC)/TJOI-R#I

2#DXQ@YKTFWT




G)YYJ?Z_])_R_$?]?B_\_P #@M:EN])U6*#0];U&2RU#2;JZ
MF=KHW!A

MQX?N[2WM+G0M

HCWL  % 4.V..PSFN



MTD:%Q%]JBC639*2HSD@#G.. 0


8EFMT=MAX*Y(S@^E)ZJWK^G^3^\:=G?^NO\ FON/(QX@
M&K3KIS^-K'0(;:QM6L9)'=1(#&-SJZSQHY#AE*N''R].M=%80:AJWC^^L+GQ
M+JLEK'IEG=Q_9W$[RYR0H'MLY4YX8@GICN;O0M(OWMWO-*L;EK8Y@
UNCF


3

:?X6_$N^J?]


M=#1HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .=U;
MQC9:3+=!K.^N8+(J+ZXMHU9+7(!&[+!FX()!B!UQ1J7C&SL)KI(;&_U!;)5




U5T_P3J'A_4K)
M](FM)K5-(73)3=


M8+61$0W!B!3

MG(#-O91S@X RQQTJ+1]'U'3?$VN7;O:M8:A

M%

*03V/40KI/@_0$$%K)
M:6ID'EVB9=A)(W$:C) ^8XP#M'L*YB3P5K6FV/AJST@:?=+I5XU]/)=7+PF6


2#[2@QG;E_E(R

MA6WY#Q[@Z
Q(0

A6]?:JLK
MV_K=_I9B5^6[_K1?J=E)\1=#M]


MX!(ZXQ@FE:^'?&>C:[=QZ1JFD'0KVY:ZD%U#(9[=GY
]#WSKO





&EFZU&ZG

M5W9+-:VR%-\-N .6WN

O$=F?5O*
M^E7%MHUM+;SR++)$[+(NSY5V,54 Y)&X]EK0\)Z!XR\/F#1[K5-)N/#]F-E
MO(L+_:W0?=1N=@QP


@SB-OF;@$8P








;9.5:0JIX![


F[!/[H\?.?7I[\1]GSU_+_
K2Z_KM_P3L;7

L99!.90#B


M IMV
W
M_!7Z7^XFN?&&@ZO+HR7^C:RJW%U;RZ?-+:LD32.
HV]6V\9.58YX/!K0U?QM

]E]^O_#EFZ^)WAJTUI=
DNE+

@F5
M70@.&;JPR5*Y[YK6TOP[XRT/6)[33]4TEO#L]R]Q_I$

TOC9MO@6_AN8[6YGFA$*Q2/

G=@/3)Z9-/3^OZZK[A=/Z_K0@'Q2\



RAD?85.#\I)Z;L



*OJ$H*
W)?B


YQVK8O-$\7W]UX;O+QM%GN+[:ZN
MA%+)@RA39&CD\,3EB,GC '05NOD-^7G_7Y:KX_E73(YM-T:^:Y35HM.NK


MFF/I4:S745VJ%EC8$JP
;


M29\9=5'!'S$'/&,D5S-]X=NM#L_$^H7%KHJ6FI:?%;5IY&WS@.H5G8*6W%


[
O\IP0=K[#[46GC:WOM)TC4+?2M1==4F


(\GS$(R27'F


M_!^G6D_BK6=5TN_2[T5)&^Q+$P:))Y K3E&'!&0O(Z%G'K1I?R_K\Q:V\_Z_
M([ZBJFF?VA_9\7]J_9?MO/F?9=WE]3C&[GIC\:MTAA1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444






'G/

M!//';6\D\SA(HU+NQZ  9)IR7*[



MUXNU?3]

X _
GNEKMY+[_ /A@O;7U

N5V:9<
<D^V*]( P 2?<]Z%JK_UH#T=A:*XWQZ=;T[0-8US




MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M7AO0+:UM+FQ5)6U.Y

MR6ZFW0'/RM\Q)P-I&
M_.WX'D\W@C6K/PGXOG:R^W:]XF9PT%I*@2W4AM@+R
F0
\


V/E+5F7/A#5]1TWPAK$%H;+7/#X1&M+J5LR;55UW(6 SC*G\P.WI=%)
M::KO?[O^''NDO5??_P 


X)Y X]#Q6_7*#XC




M
T^:]NKV!X$2.2--I8'YF+LHQ]
GGI5+P?!JVC_#6TT^\T.[74+*V$!MEE@+


\;


5Z4CI(NY&5ADC*G/(.#^M*2%!)( '))[47V;Z?U^H=TNIYG9:5XAB
M^



-[:0W5N^^&9%DC;!

M@#6HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HIJ.DB*Z
K(PR&4Y!%.H **R9


GT



=RBVE
MRUK(+B(QMO4 GY3R!SCD \=*V* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJMJ%]%IFG



!]=@/XUQ_BR._E^/?AY=
N





G_ &]P&3QVKM)? GA^?3KV













MO






M





M&L?8#IGEH$AC+





MI[W7G^:_X)IUYEX=M?$=Q#XK_LC4;&&(ZU=#RI+1VE8Y&=LHE4*2.F5.*]+=



MG/=?WGUZ]


&





M+W3[B4


D%90


M:_:-2:[@2:\4Q2H0H4/'%*RLP*Y^8'&1@^G56GAG2K'7+O68(K@7UVNV=WNY
M75P.@V

G&*.GR_&R_4?5^OZ_Y')^&=3\8ZJMCK9O=(FTN]A+& 7F
M_#E

9+A
MY;



M-1\%SW%GJ4F)K$R1WML%#
-F0RY! S].
TR'P;H=MIR6%O;W$-NJA L5Y
A*


*!QV+!O?-7[+Q'K%UH%K#-K
M'EW1U:YL7GBMU:ZG2-G 










M;\H
IM*?)W4MS][O5/1=
27* G=)N!Y)_A


M-M)
*&-HTF







M%564XX*C'R]:P=4U;Q&=4\9P1:TMM#I-E'=6@@M$W E';:Q?=N!VX/ /IM[]

NII
MY=X1J%PHE7LN ^ !TP

MM;PO!#&YFDF4DY$BL/+&
8&#GN*Q]#U+5/$_BCPMJ-QJ5U:2/97@F@MUC\EV

@4<].
UMZ[X=TSQ):QVVJ1SRPQN) D5

MGA:;PZN@3:7YVF+(94AFN)9#&QZE&9BR]^ 1U/J:E7P+X;CTJRTV'3%@M[)B



XSQG&:J7'P^\/BW
5


SWT[2R
M(
X0R%]^SD_+G')XH8+?7^M?Z1AQ7NOMXHTO3'UV3R=4TE[F0K;1 P2)L&8O
ME.


;\OZU.5

MS2=933;S3(X6BA
2

'GI6E+X \.S0:E!);7;1:DXDO

M%M_7;_


M]6T6WN)[90L;Y9


MY6))4KG;UYW'+$]^.=/5]T[7(HDUW






MY;IHM5;;9L+&
M


=;38
M;^.]:6*:1HHTAMY))F=?O+Y2J7R.XVY'?%,;QQX:2#3YCJ\&W421:+AM\I!P
M0$QNR#Q@CKQUKE8O#NOVM^EZ-.S'J&I3WEU':O+BT#(J(%=R 
A3O*'/.!D






M7\




DUST?





%
M6'YL_
2




MI(]X@ACLKD;YI!_RR=1DX^89!QCOBI_^$\\
$2


ZD,YB,T:/;2IYZ#JT6Y1YH_W-W;U
MKG/6H+XNU.YU1KW6X)[2^F1(@D\-L\*L45&5U\LMW/\8/4C&*='IFMZM<^'


MU8&802-&DC?=1I I16.1@

HI8M2F\/!!I\2ZD;$QK:7NQT+[
;7VDJ0?KCFN&N/'B+4
MI;P):7-L;[1%M&GO;F)O*F1]P79&2H4\##&
]^*'I)HE:Q3Z_\ #'9W/CK1





MFKK-'Y;1+
)-VW.\28XQMQGG=4.I:-XBNM%\=VD7AV\




MJ'E$
C11%@HDD[8R000&(ZBN.T'PMK6A^*?#K/IDDUM:VUV+FYADB\J.2X
MD$FU07#E5Y&=OI@'M9N/#^NV^G^*- CTW[9;ZU-/-;W_ )T82'S5P1*&(;Y3




E&*A6(R
@'([@5PTFF^*(=2:1O#%S
/^$=&E[K:[MV0
 S+X=O$32;1X+US/;D1LT8CR
2Y8?+NX[
M$=\@6[-OU_67_ ^\SBFH_+](_P#!^XZL^-O#B7+02ZK%!AS&LTZM%[@X*I*
MP.P/!L2*WZ\2TO5C!J6FV=YHWB:+1M-U&6XMGCT@M$C%G +7(D.^(!ST0'
MU) KUC1=4N]1:_2]TQK2UN6A53

:WO\ SHPD
M/FK@B4

M/EZYSBB.MK_UI_GH$M-OZU_IG7:EJUEI

1QS6:GBOPOI3:SJ,WB;?MVL
XFF+QV

0&#-)M'S&0


MR7WAU2_K9?\ !^XT[?Q=H=UJ

M'XM\8ZK9F\UVS.G7$2VIMXKB!


M03R2P
N%C5







MN%N+&2XMB8X9)&D62)O
P&Y 921NX]
T_P 1:3XEOI?&D5MX7OI%U@6Z6LGV

M26/BN_\ $'A*^_X1V.VCT=9DN5EO8P&+($S&5W97&2



M'-IJ*]V)HGB6-3G#;F !'RGD$CBN







-%/.=REBXWY+8X-7M$N-?\-Z5KUY
M/X7N2TVK27:Q/=P*3!(1E@5=OF4#.WC.0 3VF/Z?JO\ ,<O+O_\ )?\  /0J
M* <@&BD 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 52U;
M5+?1=*N=2NEF:WMT+R&)I&P.N%49_PZUPOBWQ)K.GWVH3Z?J;

;2M%BUA;6P/AFZB\BU0RQO\ *OWGW ]#_#C!QC(S5C2/$NO7

XOW;O^M$
M_P!3JKO2-&\8LC:OHLS_ -FW;%;Q@9@
;U .'0YXSQQTK8O[L:?IUQ=BVG

\1:5_P )I:P:NLTFF6,5];37-JC%-P<LF$V@CY.<D9YW5'V
M=/ZT3_4M*\OZ[M'HT


0=QG7:6 ;2N!UR:RYY]6L+[Q]J^

!5(P
@8;'.2&-$M+_/\!17-:W6WXGJ5-9U3&Y@
MN3@9.
GTKSR.^\0_V9HLMQXF8OJL





NX].:
MZ#6=0.DZ'?ZBL+3&UMY)A&O5]JDX_2E*R6HXW;5A=)TC3]TV'3M+M([6TA&



LKQ;0K%5(Y#

M9]S]LEJB*2LQ56##D8D8YSD=QDW9W=]U_PQ.G+ILSMZCFGC@0LY/E@J@





M[?3H[A&NY/-G
UW--O?^]^\9L$]R.N!GH*X;3)O&WB+1];N(/% MKO3K^[MH


8XMHS


M /3J*Y'PPWBDZCYVK7^FW.EW


MQ(9@RC$)J_EG=QY@STYZU4T+Q3KE_J6C0Q:U;W-Q=1O)J]I+:JPTTJ,E1L*
M,F3E09_8C(S3M_7W_Y?EW%?2_\ 7]:GIU4]
O\ ^TK/[1]DNK7YW3R[J/8_







MLP)P










M
KN\BTC3]#OPUQJ$L\;7%]BSEB:
 ^40T+@2?-T


MQVYW%

M]


M?^1Z?4%U=K;6UQ


=*]MXL
MU6Z\(^&+R^U)=.AOI)8]0U5$C'E; VT_.B;BO)(('3C(JY*S:_K=K]#.+ND

!M7CBBOKF]M
M+F1+1/-<P^8 ^3E02%!P%QD=QQ46L:GJ%S83Z9J-S]L?2_$UC!'=[%1I4+QN
M-P4!=PW8. ![FE=K^NJ7ZH'I?\ KH_\CUBBN!NM9UK5!XHNM/U7^SVT*9HH





+PV&Z





MRLER(+?/V3;O$@7R]NTK@=




8@6:U?S%N
MI0=P#;=L
*E


$AB#USGA+4=NAZC34=)$5T961AD


ML]0T=I6A

2
8\8((P5((P0
M
8(J6PT^UTRT6UM(_+B4EN6+

M
T$





ML94#)C4$QG?T.YLCJ:E:J_\ 6UQ];?UT7ZH]!HKR[_A)?$=K!XJC34+B0V.E

3C2))W=+:$



!T)7(Y()'3


Q[

M]LF\R
'JN_?N*D8&TDC  Q@4Q?!/AU+*.S33@D
5R;N

0
M



MAA&HN9=L&X$
8EW8B)!/*!35G0O#VF^&[%K+2XIHK=G
FR2XDFPQY)!=B1D\


$P8N9GF
M58R BJ[$( ,A0,XYJRVMZ2NI_V8VJ60O\ ;N^RFX3S<=<[,YQ^%5?^$O\
M#/V1;K_A(M)^S-)Y0F^VQ[^

M XSGBC=6#8R#X-TJPB2YTZP:6_M+9X+0W%[

@8X.W'&*Y/PWX&




K  CD'I0KMZ ]C=@\&Z+;7EY=PQ7BW

M%5KKPEHU[I-KIEU;SS6]JXD@9[N8RQ
.A67=Y@/./O=..E6EU_1GU
:8FKV#
M:@1D6HN4

B@

^6P[=/F;)XZU:B\&:#$^J
;.28:

IVJ.EU<127
NV/S
B


M-+

M;;Y$

36M*DU1M+34[)M009:T6=3*!ZE,Y_2GKO_6@?U]YF7/@CP_=M=--
M92,+J5)IE%U*%:12'VAL!OE&6 !..<T^X\&:!<F^+V3I]NC6.X$-Q+&'50%


$MFEU&2;3H
MY3J/-TLC,RN< 9VDX4_*N2 =H]!5]M4TY+:&Y:_M1;SX$4IF7;)GIM.<'/M

M
X7?(S-M&3@9P
U6U?PGI.N7]O?7RWIN+;_4O#J$\/EG!!*B-U )!()QDCBL




9HC,L:W*%C&.K@9SM]^E*FNZ/)I;:HFJV+:<N<W:W&(8X/SYQ^


P6
M*=9U*2





GD=(L@@E$9BJD@D9 !P:
MGO\ 6=+TIHEU'4K.S

MAIH@\$80E2!)E1N; !8$'G'-%VWYAI8UO$?A'0?%MM';Z[IL=XD1W1DLR
A[

M6JP3&!



SG//U /4L3P[X1^
MT:]X@FUK1+^VN+M9;;S[\.D\8C1
2*DK;SE2?W@/7US77/XI\/16;7DFO:6
MEJLODF=KR



MU\_Q#^OZ^1FGP5H+:C/?RVT\\]Q +:;S[R:5)(@
;61G*D=3R.I)Z\UGV_PN
M\&VFF76G6VC^3;7;!IUCNIE:3'0%@^[;WVYQGG%7]1\;^'K#P[=ZVFK6-U:6


-NG
MW5
C.0.@&6). 


+FW4+ES_&
LQPRG:


MEY$L5PR74L?F*HP

(T





MJ6

OQKX*B.@:W)H6EWUYJVKJL4W_ !



MIS@8QGR\LY&#P#N!Z#/ %1Z3JNI/X]\0Z;?7D4EC:V]O-;HL03RP_F9W')+'


M:4 ' 7OQP
U
R]!=-31HHHI#
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .0T&/[+XT\7P7
M*[C</;W: J3OB,6S@=_F1AC_ !K@6LT'P[EM8_#NI:#Q#]HM(1H\X:*(W <
M

5/WD/JIQR#[$8(!J[33M9




\VE7L=W%!



UZ9K'B32=  .I7+1#&YBD


M.E22P78 ;$;C 
1R6RS%0
C.:]
HI)V#M_7];'(?$6W:_P#AKJEO)ITMU=36




@CO2
MTV]7_76XDM%;I_E8\DN8+^34K.==%U!;3Q(9WLX+)W!5MP\XRMG?NSGY%4


SRGQW:

O%%^= U&
7.
MC1QK)_9
I







IW!.
@@8/\

\#H



MB
75G -$G^6 R(2R#R^!L5QCCT[C/3SO%_PFOBB[&D:D8)M&BAAD&E3D2.-^

MDBC#HN&C+

'M3M(8=-NK1YI+3R/LSLJA0=^,A3W&0<G;G
M!K.\/V%G):0VFM^?$HO]
M7CFFNIKBYM.4*MY2&1A)N_NJA'/M7LM%#UO\



X=2N+7XB:KX
MCA\

\#H

M!4HSI\I(['D5IS1)/$T3[MK#!VL5/YCFE1%C1410J*
*H& !Z4FDX\O]=?\
M
Q







FO5J*EZJWE;^OZZ%1=G?SO\ U_74\QMI


M'8#DX&?H


M19=HW8WC[IRW:HXK:4ZMX@GO]-U&_M+[1(%#-I+JA9?
&P1E=W!*\-N;G/09


]5/.#[&M2HH



F?+1MI9F;') DXR,\#(ZUPEIK=[X;\6^-KR^CAO;W?IL+;+Y2R.X*

@
I((Z$C!!!SR*PS\

?2WI^O_ 
&-+U6U33[

M(ZOSUW?

'GDD5+8^ +?3K[3;JWUS6


MKIT#3(9XXEEN+FZBM(%9L+OD8*Q]!U_N4U[QKX@\
'5;*[M]
O;VWTYM1M
MIXQ)!&\:L%=60ER&&01\V#GM7:ZUHMEK^ER:??HS0N0P*
59&4Y5E(Z$$ @U



MW#QR6K(WVAHTD


MITFAZAJ&I:AJLDLMJVF0W!@M/*A978J '+
7(8!LKP!]TUREO)KT'Q+\47$4

.A:%9:7!S':PK'N/5B!RQ

MB[K7R_



1GC&/7KS2:/\/\ 3M(LKRS.I:S?P7
+6X2^O6E6&-A@K&.
OQZ%X2N=<G3K;V_FD0M\LAP








M 

NUM[


M0P7+')W'^+CT/2K=SXF\26\OBBT#:29M%A2[2;[/)MEC9&8(4\S(;Y2-V['3
MY:L3_#/3I(I8X=8UJW6:_&H2!+A'!F#;E.)$8#!]


M)#;O'Y&/W4;+^\:3:J@

M(Q$8(&


OY])26.=8IK:*5),]%8N6P1U#8/J
M,5K7GC+4-U758=7BM)H+;2?[4C^RJRLN&*F-BQ.[G&& 7Z5)J?PXM-6%Z;G
M7-:#WT
F2Q^P36\XA\
MJ6''(8+&#DGYL@CGVXI?U^'^=AK^OO7Z7*UYXB\0:%I]UJNJVUA=Z:ME]ICD




[9Y;#'@90(
M
]3BMS0M%BT#1X-
AN;FYA@0(C7+AF@8\ #   Z?7)R:P]*^'.DZ-K+7]


M_P#A_IFHIJL

]7FC:1+72[*3RUX+'
N![9)%
E_MC_A:OA5M6DL
MG9[*\9%M8F3R\A

M00OS; ^1D_



$[B
#.._#].\&ZGJFCV
M-OK/B*\9=/NEN;*6TL(;


MQ:C-ICK#=




?
1RVV7=@
M'J,#/)I?#OB3Q5K%_97$V@;-%O8_,$VZ%3 N5.Y9W


\-:@;BRU#5WME
M)

US*'CEMFD#
L+G)
MPZY&



M)(GAXLJ%@NXB8X&3T^M4=



M3O!EMIVH:??'5-3N)K&U-I'YLB -$2I 8(BYQM'IGOFDEI9^?Z_\ ;WNO+]/
M^8-IXWU22Y\*2W$VGK9:K&4O0+1PT$^& 7=YA@NI4 @G*GKGB6[\9:EI::


C



MT')QWQCO65-X.-K;O'I6JZM;M+?F\ CN%5(RS%G4C;\T9))*\D]
@5M:_H&G

M%:

@;L<]JQ].\9^(;NT\*7LD&EB+7MT1A



!'U_BB)SN^;)/7


MB_6Y?\*:U?:J=7M=1%N;K3;YK1I;9&1)1M5@P5F8KPV
;CTJQXGUTZ!ID


M( !7G.!TY-='K6BV6OZ7)I]^C-Y# HQ5D93E64CH00#2[?+]+CZOY_\ XK



MLGB[Q-?ZG.V@: ;S3[2\:TEW&%?

M?:I%ILUR+O[#%.%CCEW[RRG;O&3GC=CG( .!_AKI/\ ;K:I;ZAK5J)2&N;2
MWOW6Z8#&95ZL2.O//?.3DCIO_6B_P-ZO3^M7_ 




MZ_2YAKX_UF*/6L)I=^UGI0U**2%)(8\9.Y-V7$F .&4X)XX[:=KXNU6VU/3$





K+K[%M8A$ M23IY5-P(;F7=G=C! QTKRS5[*&]T/5+/P[ITOV*?0











$^]L

KZ'FJ?A[2-5:[O]#ED'V;P^DMOI
MUP6R6




M 8I+K4+R9[9





MS3)(8]0U*SM'G;;$MQ.L9D/HH)&3]*PX=4U
?$V?29;J)]-.EBZBA6$*RMY@
M4[FR2W0]

M./XCVJUK%A?W7B6]T_3;_MG?PR;"4P3-DV2PC\\C:?EXW9Z]\TET?K^3&


M'N@.1U':JFH:SI\]E=6MGXAL+.\:&3RYO-CD
)7@OL)P0I(SGCUKSJQAO#J?



QF25$




M+-F2


O[OPGH?AY])O+?7
MM+OHI9;I[9_* 63=)

MTZEH?-1@P7R^@56^G3C(!=M?Z[K_ #_ 3_K\?\E]Y[)9ZII^HO.EE?6UR]N^




O^?\ PY-]/D=^-=T@
MZE)IPU6Q-]&I9[;[0GFJ ,DE<Y _L*#Q=I?B;1+^71O$=E9/;S&
W1:.3RP

M-V#T%1:S9SM\.M9TR?0=1GOH]8EFMPNGO+RUP7#H0IX\LGYAQSC.3BDK:-^7
MYK]&4^R_K27^7XGJ5WKFDZ?O%[JMC;&
J'\ZX1-I;.W.3QG!QZX-/O\ 5]-T


M2VU.S6UMW=97:=0(U#$!GY^4
%R



('I(NQ3[_6A+^ON?^?S0WI?^NMO\GZ
[%?$&

5M).JR/\

M
DFFNGB74M*UWPMXDU-KO4&N;6[L[R9;-E)#(9 )51F ,X)^4'![BUMY_U]
M_P#D#TOY?U]QZ)!?ZK_PE=[9W61TI+=98I8F;S8VZ%9



MMZW8:UX-U?5M.UUHGMY;2$-M01JOERDLOEX(R

MA^#5;6'4+6$

C-7(-4L]


 D
X//'O7!KI.I7



ML:Y]
=#61
M<Z9\0+76;JRNKS26TYK0&VMWG:VE+AB3&@+888&0#]WFEV\_\K_\ KJ_(ZF3
M5-/A2%Y+^U1)P3$S3*!( QV\\\ GCL*KIXCT.2*UE36M.:.[?R[=UND(F;.


MOTD?PGXSA@T35OM%YK*S6RKI
X:1-R


#!XXIT6O://8RWT6K6
EG$

K_ #EOF9 -



U;25U2/5!ID%G+I]UI4LL
.TM6E
MGWP23VD;#
/;J^L/#VHI977AV2R$\]K]G E+$A



U*RNH92&
M4C((.012UQ?PM30T\$P#0KNTNXO,<SSVT!A#2DY(*D!N 0!NYP!7:4-6=A)W
MBBBD

Z64\$\+NH






M_P!D
:I%&%DEQ\VUFZL20 

M^7D2


Z-]M?3B@G+B(J[
NX)EIXRG!'S;7'7CBF]'8%KJ==

7DFN93++
M*YZL['DDUR[^)?$]QK^IZ5%9Z98M;:;%?1M.7G8


C/4T6_K[_ /)AO_7I_FCO

8)FCR55P 2
]#U'3-
Z=XDO;?3!937O
MV2YM85?S$!G
G^8=/Z\_\CTNBN#O?$'BRTU.\T%/[)GU86)O[*<6TBQ3JIVM&
MT?F$JV2

7\%N7V@B.5P/5F.P$^I


4N]AI7





4M[-Y22S) AVELNYVJ.




MQGK.IZUX5\8QZ?\ 9(M/TV&:TG$\;-).XB#

M[UJVLDLUI#)/ 8)G0
\18

+W04444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 5C7_ (?:[U

M $-M:QVL;+'DEF+N['+.QZDU-110 4444 %%%% &%%X82+Q?+XC_ +3OVGD@
M%L;9O*\D1@DA0 F[@DG.[//IQ6[111TL'F%8FC^&;71]1O+\7FH7MU=
?WE[

]AZ#DXK;HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***



D*RV]M$8S&V[[Y?<A9BW<[



M2\:*VN6 QF1!UR.HR ?SKK)HO.MY(=[Q[U*[HSAER.H/8U)11TL'6YD6/A^&



MYB)R


-
O;?R8ED\UG1P&C#MP5/W







M7:LF60L&P/7![BM_P#D&IVJV=WJ6H266Y6EMV=&6;&
;F*E@
KGY67DGMQ




MOT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


FFBMX7FGE2*)


MD'!&1Z$$?A0!+1110 4444 %%%% !14+75NETELT\2W$BEDB+@.P'4@=2*FH



MBC+



V




M4^*


G1R#UYSQ4^



[ CUX!)]   I*^B_K^F$7;5F!'
'=$'BU0:)/'.DW]FL3*8^$!'G<#
/




UEY&9#+D
5$F[ C) .-I/O5?5/AI?ZAJ'BFY37[:)/$$
M*0/&=.+&%4P!@^:




M_DLI;-[]AY!3<7+-Y74!2


MJ/\ PL75K:3PUI$L#:4DEQ:0W61)O=]Q :%5=V*@$-M&%4ENPT#X U:/0]%T


2<9FB\=ZW(^KVTGA
VU]I=I'=30SZBFU@VXD*Z*V




MPP6JVK;L&*[\R2
C&%E3:-C\G(!;&.M95MX)UBVG\
2#7K
C0H&@4?V:P
RL


!5&#X?WD$MFXUQ]KJ3WRS?8AYTFY74K(Y<[B ^ V
M !@UO:%H


/[.8F !=G'[[YCL^G//3BL+2/MC?$G4]*L_$FF

?RL1UVG=^OK6J/'DHMM/U:72=F@:A
L
%X+C
MJESM1GBVC:C''(8D9&0.RVW@1[#5]$FLM0A33]+M)+7[++:EWF$F#(QD\P $

MQ4
?11Z7_K_A]QOK;^O^&$O/BT6J/!8:%J&H6L-



MF4[E.6## R#C([W;#PC?6.JWE^NJVP^U6\$






M7/FNLACW['7:
H:9-I<\&MVRSZ?:S6P9=.P)MY4[W'F9+90;CGYLG&T\UK-)2:]?UM
M^A$7=)^A)H_CWG\/:+_ &3HT4-WJAF%KIXD$<<80MO9V53M''.%/+=^M5?A
MK&8M0\8(UE%9


 7QCK9

GE^7YD67RF0!D'

M\T&]K_UM_P $SD\=3I'I=_=:


M3#M

.JF0[)!R-W((.

GEB!P




MHD

44C;22-K;



MCXA31Z@8+70+Z^@AG^S7

;JISDEU/!X[5J3^#[:?QW;^*/
(KF\TCQ7=Z?I5[.;B[TY+:-



M_M.:*:2)4-WL!9B2RKM!#8P0






P9&;:&V*&(QVW



.HNUM#;V49

MOR.H4CH..LFO(;#QHFHP2:5KD6J7
7EK$V+^W7Y1F
C/F0@_






MP@SB0#C/DL/=13:L_Z_KJU]?\ A_\ ([*BO)=*T:WC\2W7AR;1;4:=KCQ:
MP(_LRA(XT/S1L

4$UOXB
%P\Q+WH0[AL8J 4B






MMW;&[GGVJN76W]?:_R_$F^E_PNC_7\#VNBO#M'6W'A#3[F&XTR!-+O;QA8
M:W T-M*#/E2K

$'O5VUM_6[7Z$]+_ -;7
N*\&FNO#<?@O7[J'4[:2ZMO$8-G<


5]IV+YODYV;\<[



M2\6WN&FF-IB

6D-C/Y5N;S?^







M
  ?
M<?J
M);2=/B^WR7]KX'?4KD1M%;+

MRHKQ5CX:MY/!
=IK=]/I\VIRF(W\QMP\31M]V





M((^8?
I[9'((IS5KVZ NES0TW4;;5K.]LY/,MYVQQT8!B
CVXXJW7BFC'3
M;+P=X:46L

@
9F49)X)QD'E@?2J:U?\
W-C?0S.9B[&0-& <;<8 Y'.3WX'6M^
\N=0TN*YN[5+6=RP:))?
M-488@%7P-P( (.!P:\RCO_-]\0/%KZGXEBM$8VT<;1:V]HKD1D-]R10Y!X.


FDYG


]N1TKHZ\CU






ES
M=V=U?7-_)91:1#KQNPD4C)D+Y^7;C&

NM-L/%K(JD)

A#JLA(6-LE=I*?
M* -I(X%)OW6_)O\ !/\ 4I*\N5]U^;1VMQXFO!XI\.V5O;VYTS5X))?.=F\T







;!0N
F

X/K3J* 





T=+AL2445E:1J



M


M






M\1G(WJ





X&23BMBJ::=F2G=7BBN;\+:_
M?ZU?:];7]O;0-IM]]F00.S!EV*V22!D_-Z#^M):C\SI**** BBB@ HJGJUS


ZQ@[06&


M6]U&OE2$+E9HLYV

_3--.UOZ[
M_G?4'K?^NW^1R_AX%O'?BZ2
@P;[5#C_ )ZB+YOT*4:B/#OBG5=9\
WEW9W
MDEI$LMJLRF1

MIX&^
^IV6KRZ986FNQK






'\-?P1*5H*
J:5HVG;9+R5O[S1K(!+



M
EI)X4*
9)$

MG9)GH#@\'(KZ8HH4K?A^#;_6PFM+?ULE^AY;K?AE- ^(ND:WHFD6[6NKPO
MIEWLA8R5RKXQP




F
MAR


+*T



MGLHYWD8;@2=T#LDW0Y4*V





&
M5@RG!*



MGR

MU'&

MZZ

M+.R;Q18Z1=;-*MM9ADN[?2Q&[16QB E9(R&4J)


M0\1#09+CX@:78?8)(1IUO=I:P[7'G#?YD@4?Q@;
;P@ZZ3)'9





MIW$@


!N^





M^OO_ 

M+21-0CTORX5EB9#YRH0.& R
]^AKN:*'JFN__!_S!:-/M_P/PT/(-/.ES-X6


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '.ZMXQL
MM)EN@UG?7

M6:(PME89!8



 G YYZ5%!X$U!_!6EZ1J.G:3/?Z=#Y4%U





M@O769HY+39OA$D4S/O.U AA=U8D\8#9SU K



M.E4M*T#Q OCR?Q)J
VFQ0SV6CVMN7E*E69N'(7C)SDKWQ@8R:WB[PEK/B.?
M5H/-LI[ZL?)M$N9G46LW.6\M5*OD[3N)RN.!1LDOZW81UD[_P!:(T5\3WDO
MCU-$CTNY:R-BMS]I5HMIW-@
07#!1@C@$Y/3 S5_6_$L&C7
-J+*\OKN6*2=




MUV7D
C/YB[%=$)=6*XV@Y]J;LG_7?_($F]/ZV?ZV.]T_6EU#5-1L4L;J
6
@

M^[(& O4@Y%='X7TVXTSP]:PWLGF7\@

M.R.G20ZT
P^=*Z

MQTJWDT_1M.TS4Y97TU;NV@2'@Q +A=[L%+88#[V

M[;M

M2_#OC+0]8GM=/U326\.SW+W/^D12-=0;V+







MKK3X5N'MECC\R6%B0)$&_!'RGY20W'W:FMO%L-V-#-OIM](-7C
T15H3Y*
MEI
2=



M /? K?#[28(;G5-0M+P76E=X-)*D%(XV]PA'53(2 ?1%[8IK^OQ_/3\1/^

M9%9!(S.&;!+#=AC@#//70U+XC:5I']K_ &^QU.(Z7-'#+M@$F_S 2C*48@*?


'M;P6;7_V2\+027#,
MG;'D0(3]#L_A? VJ6M_!X@M+JT;75O9KN:*1F6WD65%0Q!@1A43#;3DC.

MF:!:0R:DKV\\Y816L\L
+OMQN(:214P
C^+GMFL[_A#'N8]9N=3L=-OKC5YH

2. 2?:LO0?5


MRXO[+[;;+#;D2/ .-[E5!Y'4@#(R1D9U-UNU\0Z/#J5HLJ12%E*3+M=&5B




MVU%(D!;)V


V:P/&+&T^)'
M@VZCBNIY&^UJ8(I#A\1'&%9@@/S'YCCW.*L6GA_Q&GB'PU?3P:4L&F6#VEP$
MO)&9BVT%D!B .-@.1G)Z8R=/Q+H-_?ZSHFM::UL]UI3RD6]R[1I*)%VGYU5

M2 #.00RD@^N2!6[9ZTM[KE_IB6-TOV+:'N6
?E
S 





MMD$TMOY1:0LC)(J%D(#$?*.



1;?F^Z&)SSBFZ3X
M2\1:

M7];?U\C-\$^)]




M6D=F
7;F951F8/M\K!)W8QNXZY/2A6NK_P!:?YC?6W]:_P1H:MXAMM DM[
M.RO;ZY:!Y4M[;:7\J/ 9BTCJ#C*]R3GH:J#QYI4LVDP6MMJ%U-JUL;JT6*V.
*-,O?CR)H\L.BV<EM(4NI59]ZJN0/*(.-H/49SCC&2+7?^M_^
+--TG2=.BL-,UY1M/6[CMK<(7BME ^9B[@'&0
 D^QK-N


?*V-O.
U.O+\E^4O^!]Y5ES?-_\ MO\ P?N*








*RH[R $*-K$KU'W@O48SD
M54U+P0VIZSK!FFA_L?4H SV^#O%UL


MR/;PZ)J\U^@=WLEBC658U8KYGS.%VL1\N&RW8=:C7X@:-



M.06(P5Y'I61;^=8TO4_#\MD;XAL;JYO+MYIWC9Y)]VX(HC887=QD\XQQUH




=

M[Z^BNTO)-I3$AA4!/E&
!1C@@&DM=_ZVO]VH/3^O6WWZ%K1M9MM/^('B[5-1

M W)^7G..

M[+F4


M.W:Z2*: .T\2]63RV?.


YFO&BCECR85(-Q5 A4



M!G!%8$NJPV\FEZ=8^*I-1T._U1HIKR*Z
C6Z&(E(/M 8MDN/O;MPR!Z&I2OL

XR3QSQ1M&_\ 7VO\
MK!U_KR_S/6ZBM[F&[A$T$@DC+
H8=


2PW-V]G?.%LXI+B0QB)0 7$;':I9@QR .

$=S



M]GX U
ZIJ%U=:G#(ETDURS)
/(9P-GW00P'S ;O4FLK5-2M;OPUX
\1:AK4I



MF0M+&&
;=






4R3PSH
KVKR:)I


BUT+2+%D:STJQMRC,Z&&W1-K-C<1@<$X&?7%:%%
M %*VT;2[*]FO;73;.[G_P!=/% JO)_O




M 7
CB1YA;)O9AD!BV



M@ HHHH **R-;\2:=H!MH[IY)+J[?R[:U@0O+
WHJCL.Y. .Y%%IKPFN;:UN]
M

MJ;6[2]2U^UB5E3RGCR!P0Q;.3C! Z'VSLV]U!=*[02K((W:-BIR P./P-'F
M!+12$A5+,0 !DD]JQ;_Q3IU@-&8^?/'J\ZP6TEO'O7+*6#-Z+@=?Z9H VZ**
M* BBB@ HHJEJVH_V3I5S?FUGNEMT




^



M -\G\JFC=98UD0Y5@&!]0: '4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M !)K@M4U*UN_#7@SQ%J&M2F\N]:MY+I9;LB&(JS%E\LG;'LZ9 !]2:]7GTB2






MMDX'8G.

M?#FAV!N#9Z-
U&LM;
M++&ESI#V6LW$\L3;3D/,RHSHQY .<9..@K4^'MT_B#1=.UNX-_%<06OV*6&6
MZE*-*A(=BK,0QR/O')Z\G%;5[I%SIVD16OA*#3=.9+B.1HO)$<3Q[@77Y5.


M]4U
[-

MAGC/OCO5RZM+:^MGMKNWBN()!AXI4#JP]#P:AT[2=-TB P:9I]I90DY,=M


M\MYHNG7$EPH69YK5'
@!R Q(Y ('6EM_7FG^GX@GW\OR:_4\[QY_QKVN[[G\

M[^[DMM
5#:JU[)*T65)9?-)W

C&&)':KC22Z18?X:?J6H1)=S0I=1_;YF2
M0&-5*ER

!3*@] Y&
M1^=4YO/AJYGGGG\/:3+-<'


M2:1E6Z6/(5A 698L$8&W!.



ML(0K

!%4 8^E9=EX4\.:9=I=V'A_2K2



E
MT_5-;NI+^PM[6&.^_L?49(6M9MW

MM\V-7!:/(R-PZC(]:BGTO3[J6&2XL;::2!M\+20JQC;&
J2.#CC(J6.TMH;B

M%QB1&7'X51\6_;M%\

:R/'+
% DP@ X)P% SM]
BNR


+3;V


M2


R
' (SP!69/?RR:[J6ES


JI#*OGHDF[GAD8C
M./2NR^(S?\6UULL^





MCDMTM[HQ!@T1+RMM(WC=E=IRHV]


8ATPF1\H^E$M4UWO^H1TM?I;]/\CG_A






17NA/.T$=P;8



M]

5R9+Y@)LPM@NI;:S;\#


G*^





M&

M[X/H
4W39]5USQ*T.JZGJ5NDWAR&\DLH9S (9F.&P4 88*YZ]R#QQ7H5WHNE



T
MAEE\F

M#J4X


M%N[N.2\N67[-:.8GN55&)7S0RF



MATIM*
\+1:C*))Y]XW+YV_?\BX(7=C#=
 NZ.DZ:;B2X.GVAGDB\AY#NYH
M_PX3C)7VZ5%/X?T6YTZ+3I](L);&''EVTELC1)CIA2,A:*W]=?\[@W?^O3






84YYXJAJ.D:SJNO0Q7$NG+

\U%)\1=(-W#;65IJFH2SV/V^(6EH6$D7'W22-Q^;H
M


X)^\?3EWB'P?K_ (CM]1O+A-+AU.XTQM
AA2ZD
**[

3-:W:IN:
G =2C

3FJ

@.FSG.#C' XZTGT'W)+KXD:7;7


RIG&3OE5


RM&$.X8W$ $\CJ:TIM!UQ?%&G:W%/87$RV#
MV5WYFZ( LX??& &R 1C:2./XLTW_ )_K_P  /Z_+_@E&/X@3:CJ'AO\ LS1;


ME_6DO^!]YUL?C/3E_M@7T%UI[:1&)KE;E%R8F!*NNQFR#M/'7C! IVG^+[2]

NBCM\S YXQR*YC7M
U6SN?%FL:C:Z.UCJ
M.G1VL4








JNX$-U.
8Z&B-NO]:/]



M@:UN9701RG/[S:JD2\8&UB


!N9#%-#/)YA^?R\HRGI\K X[9XZ'P7X=U;P^


\
=W( B
AC)^Y^; .[
M)QDG& .:4=DOZZ_\ ;W;_K9?\$M_\+T]=/FO9=



ER8T*IN0J!'U!.&;..U4[;+;]+O\
XT.YU-=&U13;WHL6M&\@3F7<%P!YN.I'4@GJ 1S5<?$_P





M3RUX X# ''&30_@_Q#=:5XKM9O[





Z2
S
'+

:9DD=NB
<\K#<JKM8HV1SD-@#.2

MO#][K^F6QTN^2SU.QN4N[261=R%U!&UQUVD


J7_P!EB
)NI/)ABAD\SA_*R[
?]E0!ZXYT
MSH&N7/B_4=3N[+1WL+W3H[)H7N7DSM+

@QC=

MKN6O;_/_ (!G#QG ;G7+8Z5J*SZ.$
L9






M (271]3FM]'
5E82VTBI=R@EGV'C
1R 8QSQG=T&.;_@?1M5T'P\]AJBV:S?
M:9ID:UF:12)'9^=R+@@MCOTS[53M9_/\W^A*Z?+\O\Q+/QQI]YJ=M:+97Z0W


TMW+/*S7$;HRC V?N\9'





M(_#NOWKZ
VL'3F;1&

MXJZ




MN9L'NJK[4*W]?UZ/Y
6MOZ_KO^!T.J^(8=-O([&*SNM0OY(FF%K:!-_E@@%B
M795 R0.3D]LUCGXCZ*[::EO!J-Q-J#R1Q116IRLD8)9&+8 8%2
9]#TYJQJN



M!$ERI;_CQPT?EYQG=Y;$^F[Z9HW?]?UIH_2XNG]?UW7K8V9_']I;V*W+:/JK
M


_+]X@KC







4AO!'
MG(CZ[
#INY./T2_K_+^NX/K_ %_78RO'VNV^L6&EO9VNH-;1ZS;1QWR-MMY&





M=S@;CT49/4D?G6H2%!)( '))[5Y'JNK:MJ^A:DBZI;7^EVNJV
-C?FV!-P3-
FQW<$ZQQI(F]7W1Y50OR=<

@@\$4B.DB[D96&2



MWJSM;6R;Y/(B

MDTH:?I-I.LD44;O


/%


=I!8

=ML:D^N% %4)/$T(U86,&GZA=(LX
MMIKJWB#Q02$!MK_-N'!&6E1GDBIM!_M9M$CCUJ:T?4EW)-)9
63()P1E1SC



0HPF(@BRKE@?E(_N[2/7M5




MM$LEU(%7(\I65DQG&XL







(N3R3@#&35BO+])\2^)M27PA')J

MS7=O=YM4
K&+S #D$J#\HZ#&1W'%++JGBB?PIJMY;:W=&XT/5)H93%;P;[NW


MX#6NWE^-CTJ-Q+$D@# 
H8!E((SZ@]#3J\XT_6_%L&GMXDNKO2[S2)+&2X$$
M5V)69Q&741!8(R.AR&9SCOQR[2K_ 







:KXN\0II^N#4=
CTB]&)




^FZ]+?6=Y-/+]F@EMXS:SQC=M$
JKG




EMI+0RW4UTZ1
#-

MU#3GTD1(TMN+-DD\K!X:0RE3SC/R#(I-1UOQ()?'!37$B31H([FR^SVD?(
;



QN(?,MC%<K-,K
M9&2L$2E
$=02#W.:B\1SZCX=CTQ=/AU'^QXR[7LVGQ)-.K9!!9&4DH27+%1
P_A'<CM7!VFLZ]=W

-QYBDXP0:4M+^7_!_P @6MO/_@?Y
MGH]U#8:E9_9[R*VNK6XP/+F5723OC!X/3/X581$C14C5411A548 'H*\GL-/



=<S0MI$QB


NI3^1 8X2
M4#=?F;H.



M+LGD-Y

9.


M9LYO
B&
[F39N8.=^-OO3IO''AR&ZEM1J0GN885GDAM(9+AUC.&VQJQQ@@



:1I!8VEO)N
9B#37$DQ2

MY 3Z;IMII&FV^GV






M'J-ZL^J0WUZ!J)881LL?W\PP[9ZKUQR1@5U



\47\K1:O

9^4

M



*O
M12%(#*/0Y%=-11L!DW7AO2KUU:XMW9%8
81/(L3$  ;HPP1L!1@$'&*LZKI-

I!!! ((-7:* .=_X0?0?M=W=[6:[@^SS
F
MH7[H_[N ^!WZ8ZGU-1P?#_PU;1+%%8S-;8VA4WDY#0\X1LO\P&3@'.WMBN





[7\0B
MNE6XD1)@!@%E5@I8#@-C(]:WJ* .9'P_\.*U^5MKQ?M\8BNMNHW($B \ CS.

M$J
\#Q.K/N0M''(R%UXY89!Q@UZ#133L[_U_


M9T9EQM9U9R'(VK@L01GK56;P!X5N/$J^(9=%MVU56#B?+8+#HQ7.TM[D9KI
M**+ZW#I8RXO#VF1:C%?&1YX01%YD\CI%D$$HC


ADCD:*2)O5'0AE/T(K1HH P+WP7H.H:7'IMQ:SFU27SMD=Y-&7DR#






K!V=FQT&6)('L.*T-1TBTU

MR6P(@LI/-MQY\A9#MVXW;LE=IV[22
+-J:E;MQJ%Q^\'_??RX'
M *XP.!@<5#%X\/0+IBQ6]VJZ62UDO\ :-QB'Z#S.1CC!SQQTXKI**6P'
V7
NZ1!IFH2P


&S@],\5ZM61'X9
MTN+Q')KZQW']I21^4TANYBI3^[L+;,=\8Z\]:%_7W/\ S!ZK^O+_ .(T[PQ
MK6C:KX2B&F2W

MR6N5 *ON1F901P%KO-'\




M[]Y8RK+&[
%0!M^XG .5  SR:NQ^%==D\'1^Y[ JD-TCIJZS1^6T2S3=MS
MO$F.





MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


@ZEK&GZ18B\OKE8H0JD L78]%55!+

M -;F;[.%$3F4R_\ //RL;]_^SMS[5Y\^@^-M4\'^&C=Z2T.L^';R*8P2W
3+




M8
8YH5MY%E23H$=&4%



O#]_#=RPZDB):1B:8SQO#MC(R)
.!E#V8
M9![&KFDZ[IVMI*;&9V



E
MM;0PP
W5[

MQ!\/8+**U:QU*'R)%M[MT(9X75MK%&8;6V^IZC([4^RT_4M6\967B*]TV72E
ML[&2V


EPS1_W

OSG(

5G&=R^6%WY&#D8XP<XKB=(\,:WH7B+P_)_94US;V[7TUS+
M!-$A-P^Y44








8C1Q#Y;(VXALY'


''6ETO_ %L_









C!/


E]Y[!?:I8Z



D4J.WW5

MV
UW#=-L@D\F6.2&2.5).R&)E#[CD8&

MTMHUVLS7@0








M9ZEJ=KI



M:%Q;2C*+QU*D
I/K5[Q?#?ZBEGI$&DW=UIUU









7.Y/*V[]PP?EVY]JXG3=+\06R^ (Y?#MX/['B:.];[1;D(3$8LC][

FS6^(D5N68E SG=_
+UZ4E[H?B&[E\4NF@
UU&7RK5UL9R9&.<?+LR!P3D@#'

MRM:M'$6/RMOAC7! 1L@GN*TH/'7ANY:S$.H[EO4+6TGD2!)L=55]NTOQ]T'=
 [

M;I D;031GL&610R@CN /8US.KV^KV


3@?D

B\




]NG(J


MB+?+:2HK?*I)W%=H^\





HQC+ C.#E1[;JJRO\_P!5



M S@88=



U

:^$K3Q%/H^J_V=J%A':G6KO= ]FYE9?/.
MX7S0HR
X^2K\]_K=QXMUK2;36H[73[?2X[JT-I:QEHR688R^X

MFDW97\K_ (7*MK;SM^-COJ*\UT_Q%XAN8?!E\VIINUZ!TF@-LGDQOY+.KJ!A
&'!'S8P.03

I&9(XDWM[#=G\*T;V7Q':^)/^$;A






MA'^UI]&MM0U35?MAO+658Q;I&(6*#=@KU!)SSTK@+^UNH_7Q'DEU:\N@+N
M2
1SB

TZRTG38+'3K
M:.VM(EQ'%&

MW$8ZFN@\



F2.


M'))XB;2IVN+2
S/&&.=IV!L @X'?MCFUXHUCQ)H=GJ0^(9+NZTRP%SBULX
:R;HSWT<* J(BV%
MC4@J&/&




I]B :P(/\ DL=[_P!@*+_T

7]=?\A?U^7^9ZA16?H;ZB^C6W]KR6<FH*MPUFQ:(N0<9 /;D8X.




49E$I13


M(/9@15?Q!X&\
^*5MAK.D0W/V48A(+1E!_=RA!V^W2NAHH KQ6-K#8+81V\2
MVBQ^4L(4; F


MB6\%Y





 ?



MM CNYKJ.[CEFMA:.8]0N%'E 8 !\ #MC&
GUKHJ* .6?P-H%I:6)M[&_D.

YP


M;=RS;G/5OWC-@GN1UXSTK6HHN!B77A'0[W4);Z:R)FFQYX2:1(Y\=/
C5@DF

G&*UZ*%H!FZGH.G:


XYJKJ'@GPWJNAIHM[I

M@C

[# PS$D5:T_P 

MDE]



)=^T$
MMRN0
 'K5W4=4L])ABEO9O*269($.TMEW.U1P#U)Z]*+ 7**** BH8KJWGE
MFBAN(I)(&2HC@F-B
@


6[. 3TSP


M/C?7)/[


NFPR2+




M;NF1]WGCKM



1SZ4].;RO^%W^EOZWE
MWY?.WXV7ZW
#Q5K7C'5_&FSSV%C-?ZG*LBI TB





7BBA\K8S$%6+;HR3E21P1[8/-8C?#6W:VEMSXCU
MO9+J U)N;;/G@AMW^IZ9 ..G%..EK_UJOTN#[K^M'^MB=/%LI\:7&B75Q:6)









MV&FK_9]]);WV^RF.Z%7 








R

M]IN@QSPIJ.L7MM)&T


JR'/8
G!]JU[?Q/XE9[#2+[2H-/UJ^EE$4D^UX
MO)C4

;

$%G!4J1QM*X]J/7^OZ_$?I


=


MN?B3J=O;RZ[IUHNG6]LEQ%;


NRV%K%%;B)O,'?+RA2H5.%
MRIX^\2:Z*'X?V$VD::EJ@AL[U[VWB$J 1L^[<H(3<5.]NI+#L12WOP\T?4+






!CM4=-?

??3@^U:5GX.T_6-'634






M^/KR*SUD7BVES-97EO:6\\4
EM'
9MH5BKEBH!;D@D$#BK^IZWXIT+3=0EOK


IZ9<:1J=O=:C!:2W$+.HNZJ2$R<-DG@MQQUZ52O_ !GXDM[3

E


MJ .GZ\T]/Z^7_!!=/Z[_ / )(O$.M+XG72I(M/E%WICWUHJ[X_+92HV.^6W


=


*

.2%155EY.U
MLMDXXX.:SOA'N_X5IIFX -OGSCIGSGK4G\'6\U[;7RZGJ4%]%;BUFN87C5KJ


(=H15
M




MFPEGLAEY(BMP%(ZKPV WUS]*Y77;/6]7U?Q7+I6B7I2]L+

MSSBA=/E^?Y%=3TVRU2POY9H+6^MKBXM\+/'%*K-$3V8 Y4_6EU'5=.TBW$^I


CY6& 3G^$4GT\_\


3BD_MK2OM=O:?VG9

M&1-S?

.KWTJP00-*]I!








U
MZEHT_P!LT6UD:WGA#1*/+N(C&_3NIY'T.#1;3ST_% ]_O_ @3Q1X?D-H$UW3
M&^V$K;;;N
K%<*K1REST



J
=]HX..!6=O5?C_ $[@^OS_  O_
M 


G_?\ [A8_

8*L 1SZU
OX;MO9?D_P!1

6S='L8






+9V^IV4UT\?G+#'<(SLG]X*#G;[]*\NM+
M:4:C;75WH^I3V
GAZ6S:W_LF0) 0R8BV
I=N

M9





M\W]WJ'5_UU:.P\2^(Q)X#U;6/#.KV
TEI \BW$16X3*C)7AL9QZYQZ&MN#4(




NJ%@




-[?V5W92




M]




48
R(R1R








5PQ5AX1BV:'JRW1\4?;74:1.)/+^T%_
(V9_P!61_+KQ1&SW_KWK?D#



M!(RO (VD\=






T_7[:\:3


5O;W

5F9-L Q


R DX' Y





MO;?4Y9=9N[71=:GMH/$/VZ2UABN+.6X@
(3?$WREF#@GG)Q[T[?U]W^?X O
MZ_'_ _$]=AU?3+C33J4.HVDE@ 6-TDZF( =3O!QC\:YCPGXCNM:\7^);4ZE


5@Z


M]FAV[6

M!J.M6NI0VMU]DMH+FV^S*8BQED
8C8NQ!(8#YLJ
=A0M?Z\D_P!0_K\;'=U#

M7CBD%COJ*X67Q/XFGUC6-.AL]
L7L=.BO4-P7G;+!LHP4J.J

ACC@_-G JZ


M2_\ 73_



P:KJ&GW42&,26K1L

M 
35?#4.LRH+R^O'M%F6=K
%/+9E(*\[=X *@X5AWSG-9D?P^L(8[6*/5-52








M_0+_ /)A:/MFH_\ 0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 


M_P#)A:/MFH_] O\ \F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_ - O_P F%H^V:C_T_\ R86BP7-

M)A:/MFH_] O_ 
F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P! O_R86C[9J/\ T__ 86BP7-BL_
M[9J/_0+_ /)A:/MFH_\ 0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ ,F%H^V:C_T_P#R






M_P#0+_\ )A:/MFH_] O_ 
F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P! O_R86C[9J/\ T__ 86


MX8%FR/FX/'3I0!U%%9D7B#3)8+N87!1+3'G^=$\93(R.& //;UJ*/Q/I
BW+


P1RCJZ
C(P[%6 (

?+M[\$]:.M@Z7.DHHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#/UVTN-0T*]L[7RO.GA:)3*Q51N&,D@$_I5
MVT.:P\

M&\C@49N99FB=6QDNP^Z
YW=!C[N*CMK%]=2_MX9DGN_
@N3?1WOFQR
AXC+Q



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





O+



MJ;5+W4!:-+IZ7
#W6K36O^E2.[
JA(W\\KE%$1XQCG/&U9V_K^M3UN.XAE

;4IH2X,<9EVJ1
LP+%P23E?\ 9QFNR\7?\AKPI_V$

G !STYJY8:MINJK*VG:A:WBQ/LD-O
LF



MS2'4M
O@OB
:EIS6\FJVTM\D%U'(EK$J
L9E*DJ&W%23T& 
_+FE;^OZ_K89

M2
R#U4
1G\*\^BO[6TU


GD4)7#^OZ\CU
M22ZMX9X8);B))IR1%&S@-)@9.T=\#GBI6940N[!549))P *\W\1#7=2U*XUO


2+ZKDC(Y'3UJ[:WEK?6D=W:7
-Q;2#
(M+
%U96ES):ZC
&GM'FC


5+T386UL

M*&('.

Q#82JAE'+


Z99E:0






MEEA8D;E[$'!!'4$'@@\BIR0 23@#J37+6TK6/Q-O+&
D6]_IJW;(.@E1]A;Z

M]Q#=V\=Q;31S02*&22-@RL#T((X(J2O*_@KKWF^&]1\.FYBO;C0YWBADBD#+

#D9'2O'_ !CX

M




M6-T='?;YC??((/  (R



M3$
K1EL

M%]$'FU26PEECM05!42JLH)+



MA





S'T #9-3^'KO5KW1XI=;TT:??[F5X1
M(K@@'AAM9@
CG&3CID]:\YN;?4=8L_'6@6?AY[T7FI.D=T\L*P1.8HQN8
V_
M*\-\JFEUM_73_








?
1RVV7




WEW$+
M2+(JC)4!64Y].?YU@-XTO(/$OV:6[L&TN?2VO+:9+1]WFA0Q0GS
-\IWX !P

[RBO._$?B[Q'X=T]Y;@Z2)[:Q6ZD00.YNFR=Z(BR%H



F&/RV90ZQ%PSEBH 0-G

DC1K+ABI=64?)G83D$CGC!:5W]








=3U&ZTNYB

2::NOZV_S1




M[/&.G%.US5K73=.8R:I8V%Q
I2UDNW7:TF. %++N^@-4/ 6K7FN^!M)U34)!
M)=W
K \1:
M&9KJ$:SIQEM%+W*?:DW0J.I<9^4#U-*/$.B-]DQK&GG[8I:VQ<I^_ ZE.?F
M]J2V5OZ_K_,'J]?Z_K3\#GM7^&VF:WI%]I]YJ&HYUY2XN[B
PK)
4&$!_=[
M0!@= #QR3SGA/'&C^
7\8Q-I-XOE6T
4=O-?Z(;H[@.722.WD5


_(#DD$@Y X]:[2TU;3=02=[
M+4+2Y2W8I
T

MC;%#'9F+RE9P0YPR


M/]W/O5S_ (6!X736+_3;C7--MI+(JCFXNTCRYSE1N(SMP
^YQVK7&O:.TMG$


M4_LP:G9_VAC=]E\]?-QZ[

MC

.X1HRV<8# XSGC%
M =+&7X3\'VWA.^CM-1O[I+RX:YD6[

56U;P'!J_BNS\



M=$\/^&[NXFT^V





MAX&

MTZ#4[*6^B&9+:.=6D3ZJ#D52\0^*M)\



#.#C/


WT[QSI
/XEHW=NX;*_8MV_A!(-?L-9;6M3FN+.U


9.2C!



%U]L)MS$6FGW[Q(Y=&R=W/&


'H64'(_&C?^OF&W]?(CTG28M'T


B#KGN 0#^=;
M\NNZ1#.D
NJV
-#JEC9:E]GDD
MM4NBI


M\*W^G:I9C1M0









MM$
0I'UJB/%NCIXHC\.-J-L=1
 E*F55))QA0.[$9; Z 9[TDNG];!Y_UT_X
M!#IO@JQTZ2S!O+ZZM;!M]C:W



1RL?PWMHM*T_3


4
MRK%YNX

UC?VMRL#F.8P3*XC8=0V#P?8TVQ







=


M?]H \?C35U[1WN%MTU:P:=XS*L8N4+%!G+ 9S@8.3[4+0-S


M:9+\-]


Y8

 

M0\):3J.G:;8-$\%MILJ26Z0-MP%!78?52I(([@U?U'6-+TA8VU/4K.R61MJ&
MYG6

?0;B
FENM5TZQ56O-0M;=64NIFF5 5 R2
GH!S2N']?H4[+PSIMAK.K




M7\P@J





M:Y#HKWL0U.:

M7^FW3V6JQP%96A/E
GD[6^8\;@1C;UY!QCFH_ UOJD]W
VL8D;10VEVTV[/G
M8(+2GW*B

F#GY6[=*=I6F6VCZ=%8V

/C_0KU+.ZFM_

MXM+69HI9HAG(1E(8

M4)?$VD0ZQ%I4ETPNY7\I/W+F
R8SL\S&S?CG;G..U6]2U.QT?3Y;_4;J*UM(
+!<I=!@54(8?.P%4'/09^[7J5



=

MM;*ZM&74O!'B6&_L+&2:2^EN+FWP4VLD*M(_F!B!\JICOV%+HL3V=A\-HA

MP ')/L.:KFUO_77_ #%R]%_7]6

\10-NF=@5)
M^\



O(_$5MJ*SB]-NWE$^?O:X$V-N2I.1

MJW1CD-P




M 'B:7=GX?\$Q7=U;76EQ6'B.2Y@BN]/FAA*


MZCMS6CK(N=


#(!^[S7:447V\K



SM?$%S=RV=O%<6<\D


A0$A/E+9.W..*]FHHB[6\K?A;_(;


XS7L5%-N[NQ+16
V<GZUQT@O?%GAZ]M[/P?JF
MC:[!I;V(N+I!##CC





@[3CKC@'
M&1FJ.F?#C2=/T^\T^XOM7U.TN8C (=0O6E2&

MGN0
0+N5QAE;(/! '3







M].*M:?X5TO3/$.JZW;Q
+S5 @NQ!7C' QQGJ?6F_+S_-V_#?T$MM?+\M?^



?5I


OS
&*J5&


M?ULK_C^8-]?ZWT7W&SJ.M77ASP7/K&L+#/=6MOYDR6R&-&?LJAF8@9(&23Z^
MU9W]OZ[IWB#3-
U4Z=)'K2UFMH77[/*J;]CJ7/F#'\0*].@S73ZA86NJ:?


M&5&5GD
@/KM3'''I

XJT
M4O3\D1^(_$.NV/BW2-#TNVT[9J4


M$T.HZ=9RR:/I\-W''9.[&9F#YR6 P

L
M


IQ47LOO\ ^ 6K-_=_P2J_B+69;RYT6[32[R.?27OC=6K/%Y<9


$\@XKK+;P'#:
MW&@S+KFK-_8D9BM4;R


A\F3KM^;D@=

M(560J1EB1N!//7&*O:7H=MHVB_V9822PI\Y$N5+AW)9GY&W.XDXQCVQQ4O5/

ZO%FE6


N;B:8L?G4-$_[



*
MDJCE'D$AG!&






M_#

GK[TEI'YK]+_DRNJ^?_ .?O\
'8
M1!:VCW4,LSQPC*\EL<TQ;Y<D-\H)&
#.:U9_ =G?:I)?:AJFI7HFL?[/F@F
M\D1RPXY!VQ@@[OFR.?;BJEK\-+TTB^TU==U^6&ZB

M.




MEI(8XBD\@* IGYPJ@ 
Z_K7_(T****0!1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%





_A[Q%YJ!;Y
M
O\ 5@_K[SK:*X73




M:X^MB2HA





BU%-<P6YC$\\<1D8(@=PNYCT SU/


M6Z36(5@DM9UF#*R


M]Z25PJC\37




X'7 ZF



4+1.& 8'!&1W!XHCN[::XFM




M@C([@@@U-7 6'CJ.#1=&FL_\D:GJ4MD((98E6&02
F8)O%-]'K.O
M:8FEV[2Z;:1W<+&\($ZMNX;]W\A^0_WNU)Z*_P P6NAU%%<-IWC[4-8N[SL


MO]?UW';6QVS


M-35P%AXZC@T71IK/PO) FIZE+9&6)5AD$C EN@).UFX!'!YZ9EO/'][8Z=








T%M##*42--H.?)BD91\P PF/







M; ^7)//0#'.0[.Z0?\.=/#=6]R91!/%*8GV2!'#;&P#@XZ'!''O2+=VS7;VB





-G:RW-Q(L4$*%





M4V]\()J7B2SU:\N(7%HL@79;!)G#AE*/(&^:/#?=V]0#FNFJII^I6NJ0RS6D

9B;H
-YC9&/;W]JZNB


  ?

QON_ZV1'?^&=5N_&]CXABU

^



F\-$Z_9RPZ$DD2*--96E1QALGSC@XZ''7G!Z5KV_A(KXK

#
M@YZYQ3U\0:C_ 
)W::));VHL;C37NUE5F


37K;;




K;3NYZ'CCGK3#







M%= 7S&X!/)+#VK3\*^')?WA2VT6/47NVMT*QSS1* OH-JXX![$Y]ZWJ*;=
M[_U_6XDEIY?\-^AY[;_#W6;?3]*M!XBLF&GZF^HJQTMLNS%CM/[_ *9=_P!/

5D5-O)'MV=9#O&$7(P







P+I@1\AVAMOUP1Q[BM13N4$=QFDMM/ZZC?G_ %_5SAY_


MO]9YOWL]]N


G@_4)KG2+NYU]KRYLA)YS7EHKI







.UI&+

%
MVR





6D$M8@6WE/G:4#
M2MN(=@IQP%'?%7_$.A3:R^F36U\+2XT^[%S&[0^8K?*R%2

M#;8)6//[GP!K5WHFM:;+XCLS_:MXMW)*-






MH;*ZT:6.XM(YS'')(RI







MW[


236X

W[O9W



A8P20

MFBAEGB268D1(S@
Y R0H[\ GCTH3M?\ KL_T&G:WE_P?\S@(]:TNX^*^@K!J




MJD
HUC7XO$L$##4;9[*.

MN?QQ3O=_UY_Y_EV%:R_KLO\ (X3P?/H%WJMN^IZQKEOXHMD?^TK=[:.#'RD.
M99TA4F
#D%I

ML
@CDUW-07-JET8A*S%(W#[!C#$'(SWX(!I1TT]/P!ZZ^IS?C^R%[HL :_T^


M;6]I)=3:Q8!A*J_*3]KC )\QA@@Y).T\=:[^S\1Z'J-ZUG8ZSIUU=+NW0072







D

MM0L

M SPEM@;(5-K/GG!!8]#3M:D\//XJNM.U^_U32X&
7]A?8=/C9##L4 0-Y#O&





MS!FR7S4C


$-.
M\0WCLLPOXA;7EXP9[8DK;[T+=6#$ XRW YQPE_'X8M;3XC6RWMO)]ACC%BMQ
M?-
T+K%@&






M#J%OXG34C+ITT=N[SR0@@QB)U4A5(&&&0OWL]Z]:@N[:Z\S[/



ML.58G)(Z#FI[D^'Y+VPO/#










M9[;G.3A#+N^Y@@%=O..M);('N[%73O']M=^';O7YH;==-MXWD8P77FRIC&$D
M3:-DAR?ER0

/0?]?C^M@Z_UY?\$R8/B9<2^';7
M79=#2TTZ\^2&XNK]519/





CR(+J1K

M@'C)JEI'A?4]-U_7M5DUBVD;5@IV16)0PLB[4()D8'CJ.3Z=*K-X2N;ZUC

M2KO4KLD6]K$TLA49. 
G ]:Y;3O&NJZE=7%K!X7NQ)Y#36TDR7$
3D8^21Y8
M%V

M$T


QVU@]O&IC4@@!I1\SX
MSP.!Q45G\/[VWA\.POXB?RM!E)MO)LT4O'M*A7+%LG:2P X/0'FGI?R_P'

8//3/61







UC,C[1DG'8#U/2N8G\(WMA<:OK&G:C;V6IW
M<2Q1O8Z8-O# AGC+GS'ZKN)4 'H*Z'4M(CU[PW-I6JC*W5OY<_E'&1R5^AY
M%)[: M]3*B\57\.LVFEZIH\=I+J
;O82)=F1)&5=QCD.P%&QSP&'!Y.*\\N[



M6X9/
8LX \_'4C'H

M=1\
V-KJ5QI\
MD@U*1),1QX^0.45SP5R !GC-7;/Q?=7(L[Y]%==#O8VEAO8YM[1H%+!I4V



MOR0:=\0+K4;Q%B\
:H]K/$TMO
EO


M.01T ]Z';I_6O^0_7^M/\SHK&XENK199HHXV8G BE\Q2.Q#8&0?I5+7=;71H

M.RPLKXR(_F/DJIY@DDGZFM?Q)X?.NQ64D%ZUE?6%P+FUN!&) KX*D
I(W*
M0Q!&1]10[ CS=-2_L'6/B)?W_AJWG5([1[FP@D1HGRC%F+

MW7C*^C\2RZ#I_AV2XGBLDO%=[J.)'C+!?EZXQENN/N^A!K
O_AOJ-^/$
C^)


M]R@[MP8RM@[CZ'CCWH6R7];/]0EU:_K;]+E2P^(3ZCJMI';:#J$FF73[$O4M
MKCY.N';



<(0<4MR%)9R!Z8..2*ZCQ1X;?Q+8R64DME]F

=#6

6\X
M;VVLV3@9)!X P9U2=M]2M&TGMI^8_6_B!)I6F?VI#I&_3TLXKR2:ZN?LX=9.

MF^U2*WMO#]_=:;/.;8W


:''#'H\8T



M[.O'

,9VGD@=ZYN
M#XCFYTG1;V'199SJ=^UA^YNHVCCD5B0YQN4[6(('(';C.[XC\/S:Y-IDL5[







+MO+8^


PZ$';AB!D

4-.^(%SJ-Y&L7AG5&M9XFE
MMYEMYUZ+N D

M&TA.N[(_NT:%X)UW04:UB\8W-SIL




VBPQ2^'I5N[J,36D2/).'BVH69_)BD9,%]OW21U





MC*XL9;G6)LB/4=-ELW\W4&#74:C9N
 4 QI@_
V2VX8'%UMY_\#_/4'I?R





(D*DR^



MMNKZ&PM;E]
BDAGDB56Y6578-CC)V@G/)*@]16)H]]X;L;WX?RQZE90/=:5+




8Y IM6?WA_7

*\0TG4?#]GX7\(:BNI6BWZ:^
M\;W
ET&E6$R2;U+


M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M-QK






VM)9H[:6Y=%R(82H=_8;B%S



]VL1CF+
RO_+\K[5 DVS=NV[E!QGC/6K4C%(W949V4$A%
MQEO89X_.JDN5M/H3%J230ZBL3PIXB_X2C1/[2^QO9GSY83[AV4HY4Y(X[=L

T7







M_P!GPO*[G&/D'))]J\N^(
FI 6/CFTT+4$FTV^%R+TO 8GM#A0 !(7P0%/*#





D
L4BD?*

M:-68%LJ!CH


+W(CWAOFQD+




M6 SC(+QC(V]
@C!_





M+4[1[34+.WN[9\;H;B(2(V#D94C'6G)W3MWO^7^0H*S3?3_-GG/BS2+KPAJS

M#-
!RZ$$A1SMSCGD&O0K6RM;*S2SM+:&UC7:D
481%'H%' %0W^CZ9JMNE




MC$R

C@FK=[H^E
MZE/!/?:;9W4UN=T



MY=O+W\L@D)+*&Q@8/RYXKTF\\.Z)J-O!;WVC:?=0VXQ#'/:HZQ#_ &01@=!T


MH]EK&I16%QI4WFQ?;Y9 Q7(#?
Q^;_:Z\=:[[^PM(_LLZ7_95C_9YZVGV=/*

=L=*77Y_^VV_X(GY

!L*V
'(Y[YSS7
Z1
MXMU[_A7W@V.2_GF&J:E/!=75S?21



Q7;C/OZ9KOIM%TJXTU-.GTRREL4QLM





G
7W2V .#@9P !G SCM0M%_7=_H[?


(E\O9C&W;C&
O\ @73M
M6O?$&IRO]VDB-<N3



C+Z%3QCVK'7P-X15@R^%=## Y


M








))M9VSAAL(/ W \$

ML;M;QPL)V9&W!!@A%CX7MG@BE?73^M+/^NXWW]?SNOZ[$WA^TET;PH9[Z[NO



MQW#- C8CC:'.UPZXY());@\N[_ .$
\+?9Q;_\(UHWD!_
$7V&+;NQC=C;
MC..]77T/2)-1BU!]*L6OHEQW+6Z&1 .@#8R!1?^ON_R?WC_ *_/_/\  \]U
M2]BU/5=%_M#4X;S7+.*YTW_ (F4X

67NLR+PYHMUXAMM!L)=$AGBN+@RHLTH ##S(YH



MSACCKU^@7UKXA\++-%]M6&821.L\A69&#





MO\_P/

VG^)((X4_M*21XHC)#P9




M6/.SJ
W%2MOZ\
MO\A];_UU*/A+5(M5TB1TAO8)(+B2:\D$DD4BGE=X)# 9&#D_G6[4-I:6UA
M:QVMG;Q6]O&,)%@1%'H .!4U-B04444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!RT_CJSCU#5;*WTK5[N;2@K70BMPH56W?

M'_:\GQ'\6PZ3'8N9+:S21KF9D


M3;3K73]6OKI;1+P);6A^:)BH!4L1N^]V]#W&*Q9?&-OJ7A3Q'/XHT#4H]+M[

)(2JX&S

+;5-032C;1Z3'IS?9[F0O

MSGJ
8-.R?]?S?Y:BCK:_E^6OXF]J7BZRTE9E2QO[N.SB22[:UC5A;(PRVY@
M6XYPFYL=N15%_$OARU\0:O?TOS?6FGQ27
Z6\A$D!)*;%_BY+'(&.N3QQ1;
MPYXTT[7I=4T*]T:-=12'^T+6^$LJ12(H3=$RA2V0!PVWI^2ZEHVMVVKZ_K-U

EB
;N
=^E3)V3?K^0XJ[2]/S7_!-:R\=Z?=R


T@4 # RY4


TL=OY@D:&XAD.2). 5)^7@ X*]3GC5N- \4W$VBZY-=:5+K



MX2\3W\GC)88=($6NQ1PP






M@C=R  P8)F0+\WR





@TZSO-=BOKJ\@&G:D


MOB/3O)T59=6U$7B/]MEVQKE20?W/7]V/^^CTQRH^?]:Q_1O[OO;ZV_K?_@??

M!K/4;E9F@M[)W$,32/@(.BKR:YF^\'^)7TSQ)IUG+I:V^O*TSM++(6MIGC
MNHPG[Q#MX8[2
]#TKHKBTN-.^'MQ9WDT
L]OIKQO)$A1#MC(R 22.!ZTI/EA

\366GPZ+!%K:PX0W$H


<AC4E0H.

M-X;F33K6^76CK%B\
\DR;SUCD!1#C&1D9Z]..7I=]M?NNOT)U_KT?ZV^\W)_

I7@\AL#'.*O:?XJM=0UI=*-G?

58LH
M






N==\(W^F


M96$A!V@C#C&3G!(!QFMS3O$4.J7DT-K9W3P13M;F[ 0Q%UW;APVX8*D9*@$X








M@9PRZT3QGJ%YX=O;]M#FGT^\:YN%AEEA0 HR;4!1RW#$Y)'(Q@=:JOX/\13V
M7B&.0:7'+?:K#J5KMN9'7
;1G8_[L8R(QR


M


M.5 S[D]L$^U\E_[;_P $;V?J_P#V[_@&UJGQ-\-Z1JYTZXNE+)



M(JL8BNW>%'WMO3I3E\.^,](\0W

M50O=2M&JC()/RHV3QTP.O6N?UGP;K?B/6[J2^33K:QN]'&GNT%W))+&^[?O4




MZCX)UPZ:4L1ILMY=:RFKW;3W
D:*R
I6-
1L2
*!N./7'.!U'B30Y_$_A.?3


MM;W2WL(5GE2[126C;@

GER/
H5I'8QY4  X4!N?XJ3V=OZ

O#%@0#GD 'L



@9J0?$6S&@:KJ\FBZO$NERB.[MI
M(XA
F55MV/
0!PS=NOIJ?V'KMIXAU34;:2PN8[VQAB/GN\
M;&6
./X5(G?G/.,8VG.1+V?S&O\OT_X(S1_$FBV?AW1H-T^\G2ZMC+9:?%
MM



.49E(((/!K)NOB!IUM)K2)IVJSG1MIO2EL



K%$)+GS<MG*#.#M!Y.3GD#


MST5S

+&%99#$V1^];S)Y63 )















)KB[AMM!T^.
MWGO+YM\D


6:5TW





M\@4%U8$L   Q.[WY-=]XNO8[3PU#Y.H7$ N)X(8GMOGDFW

=H!


-W9H^HFYFC;8Y8;Y-Q&=@R


MV(/ (QW25_Z]?\AO3^O3_
UL
M0;&T27S;

?
MPM@''Y$5YFKWOB'QCI5BWB+4TL[[P\T\BV=R(MDH:-2RE1PV23SGG(Z$BJND








0D26W(5CR!C)!('/


M^'^L75I?3V=S!9O


MI


UY)I6AZ;
M'I_PVN9KJ_031%I&;5;A57%LS?+^\P@R.BX&..G%7-;U'5K?0_B8O$&H2P

%GYN










_BI/XT=&^P=4NYU 550(% 4#  '&*H6N@Z/9%#::38V



/
MJV 
_C7
VWQ2\
W&E7%\;I8C!

MIT=Y&MY(&O4L6C@C$YCE8C&7C9D(Y'(8YY R1BG9[ =-9Z#HVG2+)9:386TB
MEB&@MD0@MC=R!WP



^.F

NJIJDFEV3ZC&
)=M;H95'3 ?&1U/?O5^B@#+O?#NC7UZNH7&



28SC=M SU/7U


C^8]L+.
1LW]XKC!/ Y]J5_#.@27$%P^AZ:TUN@2&
M1K2



MQ-;DF&2:%7:
GKM)&1^%4AX3\.+-!

 QA



@'TJ[10!E0^&= M[V*]@T/38KN%0L4Z6D

M 9VAZ4-&TF*S\P2R M)-*%V^9([%G;';+$G':I+_ $?3-5
1U'3K2\\EM\?V


3NY]22N2:VJ* *)T32C80V!TRR-G P:&W-

#@$]1

59HH SM
T#1M%:1M*TBPL&E $AM

GGFLS6-$U1;6'3?#(TC3-/G
@OF-N0ZA
MNK1*N%WGG);Z\UTM% +0AM;:&RM(;6W0)#BQQJ.BJ!@H;G2--O;F*XNM.M

M@1GDTR;1=*N-
33)]



XM[+1=.MH;E=L\<-JB


3ZUM44 <WJG@S1Y[Y&GZ-H]O?R6YMX[AK%
JA79MR #C;\OL.V.*
MY_PI\
=






&8$8.

LL)



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB






M
EGYJRH&$B

ZAK&K
M:];7=M'?RQI-';20[%W#9$490S.

3
MK
T;@G=Y3 DB+&


LC'#)(LZXS\K*I4





M))!EE(&#M;ZXK/\4^$O%NN+J)71+=NN0W
VTT4:S0+G,AY&Z0\9+\\8'N
METOU_P!^5W]P/2]NG^3_P E]YVGC?Q5;:?H^K6ECJTMKK-K9M=*8(/-\K )

@HZIL4@@DC([





M

T?W02
L03C.

M\





MM(L-3TO662&*=OM4+6SJBJ#YZ;SG@$ Q@MP.14K6WR&^OS_0[O4M3L])M#=7
MLWEQ;@@PI=G8]%55!+

 P





M:G+97%XLNDZE+;L)8YY?
62-MS*K+P#GGKC-);?UW8WO_78])E\::!%8P7@O




M0
F#0-#\2:'_ 

M]ISJJ2+:SY>&-Y%@
SIXE?56^

MWC[A//8COD 6RO\ U\/_  ?N%;7^N\O^!]YWFH^*M%TFZ^S7MYY;A!)(RQ.Z





Z



M !5H6I2ZL=4\/PW]MK!5(ENH;B
.;2UT:2[76!NM9([B)0Q:%8\$,PQ@J2<XXZ9/%'2_E_E_P '
MU&M_N.LNO$6E:/9VPN+JXEWP1!'!)/*T8 ^=E12V.F6( YJ-O&OAM9;2)=7
MMY9KR(S6T4.9'E0 \JJ@D]#QC)(QUK M+'7-*UZUUV/19[J.YTN&RN;-9H1/


[
ME\L+OR


F
-R=@




 'M_78T_'OBF$1Z?!I6K7D






M4


BNF_=N!?:


M

M
XI/^OQ$KV7]=#NV^(/A%7@C_P$AL&FFD$20)+NEWDXE!\RG/&!BAOB!X
M96.?^T7




XS6'/XAAMO'UI=C6+BXTB[T:2XBMX0948AT^:-$4LY



M9!()#P-N


_W_ *FM1112&%%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &;
<YBQU(V\].





M.UY-P(RIZKT.


M1W%2
Z(5#
JECA03C)ZX'Y&N MM7\0:AKOARP&KK!;:CHC74S1VJ&42@1Y8
MV5'+YQMP







NT  M'$P#G  Y!X'I7)
MMXZO=-T&Y%U-?1ZW&84DMM4M43R?


M\.OWEN;73H[O[:88&FF9V8 8




M(@EB


F<=J=OZ^[_-!_7Y

M%.J^&=1\2Q3WOVZ*STR*^@


: &$!L\[F&.IK2\
?\)1'?R_VU?:?






HS7<449DE=B!A0ZL@ Y)^7N,8HM_7W_Y_K\O\SO:



MD'VZU0T3Q!::^MZ;2.X06=RUK()XC&=X )P#SCYAU KG_'-M=7&M^$UM]5O;
M(2:BR
+?RR/]3(0V'1@2



UW=SW-BLOV.48Q#B)H]N<G ?<PV\YJ







'


UDT* PM%;^8&0JH;:=N#N+=1@BJ:Y6T^G^3_ 
A+WK6Z



VGFDECMAG8L
=L'CMBDN/&GAVWNY;



EI





H02I

MW)--J


P99&$BJWED1


:CKC7=W:K]H


M_:QGWJ
_#OPT=/EL#;7IMI;@74D9U.Y^:7.=Y/F9SGGZ@'J!5IO&OA]8()_M
MS&WF56%PMO*8D# %?


MJ?PW\'ZQ)9O?:#:R&R18X-FZ






M\ZS-R;Q#'

\OE_W%

QXJ'5?%.CZ)*8[^[9&10\FR%Y!I. TA12(U.#\S8'!YJ.]\7Z%IUVM

EHI6&X%].




M=93_  
C 





]
MO]FF
]Y-*LD6


MT_1-0TW2]&AACO\ ;YV9Y06P01\^XL #S@$#Z9JS8^*_#FGV.DV(UR2ZEN;1

)#(TKR D%!$%WEA



M'@\




MM2MT'_7]?C^)J:7HEAHXD^QQ2;Y


]

R_



T)[&QM/LTZK8*5M94


N3P9H4EUI]




+2&)YI2@[A$!)^F
GGTJ
^
M!_LVWOX[UIH

M%X5M2VL0

 DL%4$]%;MV(ZT\^-O#PN((?MY/G-&BR+!(8E9P


;;

MUXR

Q48[8 P.!6-JW@K3
M\ZOJFFVDSZS?P-%(SZC.JR!AMP1N*C )P
8'&

(GF5



M



H[*20/2NLHH P&\%

174L.''1


MHUAK=M';ZA 94BE6:/;(R

@



M9C@'J%!)CV4NCHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** //;JP\5:3XGUA+3P_8Z]HNM2K
YGNUA^
MSD(J

M




?#=@=)D34M(N[::6T::+=*(GRVQ@Y7D=

HHOU_K




M(S


!RYCD57)VMNQR,<'.*Z+P/875N)[BZ\$Z3X8D*AEF\3


M N



E26L-_
M9VJ6L]U)T3R0L7*.JNS;6R!TZ9S[Q6VC:\^@WK6WP[T'0[[]VFVW-O))<*'
N;RU6WCBNW2B0Y



 %Y96E=


M!CPP)ZG'OQ6II/AZ\O\ PYXJT_6].GTM+Z_FO()I9HFVAB&1P4=L
I4'GVP3







M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** ,*74KJ^\22:382KEE&DUW

 8)R.?T77
\\(^&K7PSKFF:@EU9N\44UM9R7$

ER!&/F(4AVVYR
'H.M376N
M:38P6\]WJEE;PW+!8));A$64GH%)/S'Z5Q_B:VU ^


84'!.[.
 G&?6O-O$7AF[/A);K


M#J'PQ$NBZK&-




MN(+2WDN+F:.&&-=SR2

M7%*ZO_6__#GI'A#5M8UK2YKK4/[.>-R#9W=D

5(^4I(4


Y!&/6O([K3?$45E\





MM)J&AG^T5AD^R+ITJ
0PW

02O;I72^(+A;;P]?2&*XES R*EO \S
MDL



YMP]E;3M&TL$#X<(ZD$%GWN#_ ':C_@?C_D]_(?\ 7]?+\3TRSUC2

M)]-?4_#%]J6A^%?$=K.US;2W4&IWLR7-ZD39*H6E9UP.0V5)P

U
M]J5IX?UW2I+G8LSZU/*TTQ7.
+)(YP



&DZ3
?[4L;
M&]DC;[*;IE(=P

UYKX=M/#:65_/K/A;4/[2?4[BZBN/^$=N&GVF4O&1)Y)QQCJ



G'S#@'_:R*S_ !YX


NMQ7_ /9/CFQFT/4;V[U8-+82
MI:.ZRQ&)0BDX^1D(/RM@YZ DTI+1V_K1?U\AQW5_ZU.^M?$%A;:1I
FK:I9V






MQ?64M[.E_

ML

%!YYQTJOX/\3&ZT];?7-6LFU:
M2]N8(DRL+3.5E^2/.3P/?ZUC:<]S;7W@N_;3-3

.D36DP%G('BEQ%PZD K


FNQ:1:C

M^1M@:'R$3MTRI&!R

M;A?5!GYA]




H7.







M8B27V+D+D?[-=M0[=/Z[?@+7J%%%%(84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!2N]+M[N]MKT[X[JV/R2QMABI^

MM

4MLT



M4Y4



M58
%9F*\-@C)Z4[?U]W^:!Z?UZ_Y&OJ6IV.CZ?+?ZC=16MI,R2RMA5YP/UJ
M:XBN;6*YA;=#*@D1L$94C(.#[5YS?2:Q-=?$..[O[::R@LMB0BU9653 S*
WG$J!












D^U8T7B[09AI134HB=6YL4*L&F

\

3MY;YUR
 #GDXYTV\4ZKIVK:_97UM;W9L-.748!9QLK

MI]X8SG[HI=+_ -;7*MK;^M[?F=E17%:3XHUF?7]

MP5&W:=_F'+##90'!X%6M;US6[;QEI6AV$6GI!J%O-(+J??(R-& ?]6-H(^9?



M1]G7)81\?
?3[PZ]:X+Q'KNH:S\//'D.HP6T

M[N

MGM=+BAM-9_LZ:WC

MI8Q*DA!4%2
@\]./6J^D:UINOV/VW2KN.ZM=[1B6/.TE3@X/?ZCBN.L=2UW4

MU#Q!?6]N@V'!WR


M3_

QMGCUH6H/0]#H

MUG2XK!M.T6XEAEMYU8RW B 


4P!CYQD9['U%;

YQ1TO_7]:#ZV_

M'_.SW[7-E=WB/%;)(7MI8)I)-BK*CLQC(^;C.0*=G_7K;\Q7_K\3T&BN

MML&GM#KE@\XB@5U:*18U?[[

;T_KT_S1VEU=6]C:2W5
MU

1EW



:^L56V8ON'WHV
M;S2'9
J

*@@ _
Q$@
M_P!I0!77TO



Q
MM]2LYKN#_701SJTD?^\H.1^-.LM4T_4U9K_M;L(2&

6H:G96DDYQ$EQ.L9D
M/HH)&?PHO=;TG31(;[4[*U$84N9[A$V!N!G)XSV]:!ZW



KL12. !@YZ?6KQUK2A=3VI






M/5%50NU8FA1
L.202IQZ]






M_JD&HV^H:QIES'$D
KZ=?-;A%Z0\EOKD'GK5G_ (0F%=7O-1@UG5('N;
6


+R


M3]E!^SG((*X;]UR-I*_0^O-


W;HUP6RPSD# )Y[HT\1:'(MFR:SI[



MTD




M?8?.+Q [
Y!VB/;D9XXQZ@GFJT/P\MH-/T.RCUW5Q#HTOFVO




7R8IA=QE))/[BG.WL.:5KJR_KI_P  J]G=_P!=?^<%X#T


6DTLQND=\[2X\SS-RD'=@= ,#&*J)\.+*(Z
M=Y.M:Q&NGW<EY GF1,!(Y8G.Z,\?.P_'G) -:UQXNT:V\4VWAZ6_MDOIX3*J
M-,JGJH5<'JS9) ZX!I=?\6:/X;N+#4[ZWMI+V7RX_.E5   26)/0#&
^I [
MT*^EAM7T9'?:7;Z5JE_XHC&ISS_9E66RM
-Y_E[MN$X);YF &[!STR!5/P=I
M:B]U?Q&^ES:=/J\RN+:X $J(J@ N 2%9CEB/IGFMZ?6])M;V&RN-3LH;N?\
MU


D4A5A
U=1<WMK96

M


LM\-[9M'N
M=


HD*DX!YSC/%*VEOZV_R^MU_6O\ F8UKX+MK






MQ-2LVU!5W-:B=3*!ZE



M):^LH9%$-R2
$G*EE)&



MG]
-XDT^6_8V\ 8$'8G8X)P23BNVHHM_D%^IR]IX'MK6YL[DZOJTLUI
M9M91NTJ*?*)! .Q%Y&T8(_'-/N_!&F:E)?2:K+<ZA)=Q#=





2IV;L$C

[B%7[Q/3C&3GIJ*.EOZZ?Y

R31DYVN&1D(SR
*

ML4 X'&5FNUHI+0#AM2L8?$?B33='.@7T-IH=RMP;ZXCPR )\J1-NR^21GC

0Y&&(*J&8D?WBWMBMJBB
M@/



:5<:9*MY<
D4RJ/E:1F





2IN.
M'

O(!(L
MWB:CIGA[PSXDTFUD74H[6+2[FVNHFA:02 (NY6 .4EVD<=V.#7J-8LGAFVG


M?#\5LOFR1VL'S%4
CN0

M?.SVC-NQ^ZP

V#*+,MOW21W& IRQ^YEFPW85ST-MJ=MX7T#35T#59KO3/$!FGC2VV@)
MYDK!E9B%8$,.0<=B17L-%):6^7X.X/6_];IH\@%C,WAOQQ;6&B:A'U6.[MX


!C(4_='8UZ;10M/Z]5^H/7^



MV[TRXC_X3C2KC1;NXN-;G9K$I;
\4@

MW&EREFL;1$O)M-D6*6XB!WR!V3:6W[6SGGJ
XKU.BDM%;RM^%AM_U\[GDUKI



1QNL@ QP67#;N36@K:;/_P )

M/-FME:)XW;&.KQLZ\8&%8 8&
(R,BF*1 <#G&6&3VSS75T5;E=W\[_BW^I,8\JMY6_QY

K&8\ ?
1]WC-=/XGTG5[
MGX;RZ;:L;G4TMH@X60H;@H5+J&!!&X C.1UKK:*GI;T_#8J^M_7\3Q#6+*QU
MGPAK-S;^/%$.HR0);@ZH+BZD=PP8-6=S@?
=^% Z \XKIFO8K;Q\]Y%I6K
X;L@@$XZ<XKVJBJYM;_ -;I_H*VEOZZ_P9YKK#


UZ%10G:W]=$OT&];_UU;_4YSQGJ4MGHWV2W@U!Y

MV6K+S_J(5QM(0X8\XX[UZ?126FO]?UN#UT_K^MCQ#QMXCT.TUCQ)H]YJ
%JF
MM10-*^H6MQYD \L8:-%B8


M

#
ML ,#&*UX((K:!((41H-JJ.PH6B_KM;\ EJ_PO(\B\-Z9*+ZVT?5O_B1M
M9LIWDCU-KR8V ;)_?#


RG++&69 %.T]#C


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


]Q#;IJ]@



=OE84NE_)/\_\ ('O;

;K43X=-E::=8W!MOME[ \YN'7[VQ%=
*
CYBQSZ5T.GWFI






M1ZK8O'9Y^U
MPA$&.N\Y^7'O48\2ZUNMP-;TTP/&TRR[CVE%.&8'.-H/!/



M]13:L_O_ #2_)CBN9*^FWY2_R1[O::KIU_//!9ZA:W$L&/.CAF5VCSTW 'C\

_EBW2\C
A;^[M!SGVKS!;5[CQ[K$\EIJVGZ3/X8%



):K7^OZU.G







G
:M5F&X_LI+
M&W-I<W$EU-LDDMXMRQN069W.?E7((S[@5IT <%X@UKQCH\^F?Z1HB)J6JRC

GJ$NOI_G_P#;O-3MM2
MT5+K2?$5E;0M

(E_L'5I)G\1PWEG_ 

M&P\5)=:-]MNH-2O$ENM/O=/?RT'RJ9DF( C(4 [6))Q@ 4)7MY_Y():?+_
]
M!/ R:Y#POXRDUWQ)JVF3VZ0I$JW&GL
YN+8DKYAY_O*2




YX'K7COC
M;Q'H=IK'B31[S48+5-:B@:5]0M;CS(!Y8PT:+$P88Q\K%&W5L^'='T.?QYJ
M3:5HR+I5UI,VMTFE
EM)(&+E@VP(3]PYSR0


M(_&O+O&FN;FPTS4OOB.+6]





V<46_K[O\V_
MK[['J5E?6NHV4=Y9W



MC8#.&L/RR*X+7F\WQ'J#V?AK4KRUE\-_95@_L^X@CE;=N\LMM&$/3(.?E'

;^

M'#=7\OT_S+]AXCUV9/A]-)?1F+5XO]-3[.NZ1_(9\[NBC('  ^N.*UO'.LZG




LBY]
J2*\Q\1Z-JFK76L:_I&EWGV.4V


^M3RM-
5

GZ5Y!X[U[1-.U[Q/H-_J5K;#5T@\Z2]@G9
MX

U


VF:MJMI!%
M_%H]Q+%.LTI5



M#\O0]?2N;\+0WUI\)K.UN='N/MEOIIB-C



N1SWZ].:9-;ZD?#'A33%\



!ZK7/7\

F


M D GL:DCUS29;BVMX]4LGFND\RWC6X0M

M8?[
G^T7-MI$FQIF96&65








%8W#?.
M&*CH

DC;P2!T4# SG
MIGTBAJPD[A1112&%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!2N
M]+M[N]MKT[X[JV/R2QMABI^\A]5..0?8C! -6W=8T9W8*BC+
QP /4UR5_XN
MU2QO-?M3HUH9-




MJ9M]&C_LE/$

5EW$?/O\ )R!R?X3]


M\LYK:1Y$25C-$Y1@



/%
ME]?^!M?M8].BMM1LI8[6_@DNCA%D*X:-@GSJP;N%X)]
$6]U_6J7Z@]K/^M_


 /5?;WKB(;C4+V3


M0OQ# TPM+I4HU07TUA]CA
DZ^9$

M=-'*8FCN(I$#8 .Y/





M!XSQQR+57#9V.\K)G\/VT_B./6VGN1
D @


M\IM9TFB82';&JLVQRS

'
)JT*Z39#4+_CLE@&H
5EW$?/O\G(')_A/W6Z8H6O

D%Q%*T#^7*L;AC&V =K8Z'!!P?6E%S ;DVPGC-P




MIK6:.QTVSM[BTUZ#39MUZQ#J2C#:PBXW;L'C@9ZUUOB/7I?#GA6ZUF;3VN7M
M8?
 /
M90H[S^;'L5F9Q#&[I@L%^ZW..QIT'CBZN[33HXM!N(-6OYY(8[6^+VR#RUW
M^]H]VS'0[



NCZ+?0Z+)
=3U Z?^ZND:*.0.5R'ZLIVL00O('..





[[3;Z*UU703%)=P236(MKM9?.*+N
;;

M\_\ (+EB\32-'UQS-XQDTR2[?SWL);NW E.
$CS$
@&!CY6 &.
5T-M/I\!M




MP!JFJZSX3MK_ %:.W6:8LZM#
S[@6/4%1MQT RW '-.VZ_KL*_\ 7XG453U#

 ?





M=



MV/4M-M;Z(
L=SDRANH# $9_.BW]?UZ!?^OZ]46:*;)&DT3Q2HKQNK(PR&!
MZ@CN*\G\+S:?X

M=/\ 

M*+C!Z\92U [VBN8U7Q9+H\D\MQ8Q26







*&&0I9B.1]ZI=#\0W^H^+_$6CW=M;
M11:9Y'DM$[
SB0


:BTHTMOE;

?Q%HDGB'PU/I3W8@FE5#
M]H2+(5U8



+M
M6-/
&P#:.K-U/KD=Q126G]?UV0?U_7WLIBUN)](:TOIXY)I(FCEE@B
:G((R
M%+
1^9KE+7P5K%JWAL?\)#;21:(

B48^3Z_-D]/E';T47UO\
68)) 0ZE6D8.A&../<FNQT+3M


TR


MG/!S['FMZ'^TO[4N?.^R_P!G;$^S[-WF[^=^_/&/NXQ[YJY1;3^O0+_U]S.(
MTKP%=:==:3
VL0G[!;2VSB&Q$9G5RI+
2[?.=GS-SG)Z5!)\.;P:#I%K:^)9

W1=/O-/TQ8-2U275+L\R
MW


/0= O]6F1I([.!IBBG!; SC\:AT=M<+SOJ[Z<]NRJ]N]JCQLN1\R



MZN




Y^8];11;I_6




M$NG;OG+
P7Y95X^=L^O&




M06++K

A
ME1L;B&\T[3\H['O^'3V']H_Z3_:/V7_7MY'V?=_JOX=V[^+KG'%6Z7]?A;\G
M8/Z_&_YHX[POX-U;PY

M2V2T^QBQ8
L2%BN)/-^]EN3MQCL.M;^GWT.IZ=;7UL28+B)98R1@E6&1^AIM
8MP2#]]-PXR1QNZ*!FNBHHZ6_
MK^M0ZW




QK?P?;VWCF
M\\31W
@:Y@6

M]?6U)X#E\C4]

=YN3NS_#MQMQCG.:/Z_4=S
M M_^JQ^*=-UJ?6+21;.Q-D\*6#)Y@8J2P8RG:<JO8\9Z]:O:MH%S?:_IVL6


=$72)KAEEANXY1.L

/B&RW)JO]I^;

M
-BR







M8






MZGC^J7&F^(/AEK?B^]TY-)N); VULS

S

$NAO?*6\/_

M

5
EM


5
\\$V_
MAKQ+?ZYI
]O87 B9H+-H9+B*?_6MN






MFL^_E\(?\*[\0WFA:]J4MO


0!W''K\U

7S-N[9GG'3./2KYM;^?^?^9-M+
M?U_6AQ?Q2LX?^%8:F@
32) 9<KLRW($PRY).6 ZUW_C#0;KQ/X;N-'MK^*R%SA9)9+<S?*#G


I=<T]UN^M@VLRV^D
7W'@<^IZ#_ 
(EJ4*:
MVFV+Q6AC(U)MS0F1!N+;\LNP


O_#$2:AI&B?9
M=-UBR5[RQ426
D990Y3(P@P

MWMYHY]!BVV+OO 8;S
MM6)ONX4(=H QP



3O'.3G(ZYJK:V^


M5K


(7?&_<N#E\8PV#C


9B+4L^PR'))C)V$DYR.O&:J^*O[+M-.UUM*O8[?PQ)+9&T^R
MW9C@:X
A$PBV

M?XKZM8Z3=V8CN-
MYC#!*I$LNYRSX!^9]I4D]2:B\:N-+\2'62=
U/$20#


M.DH?/*$=O:O3]'T:XT/Q/JVH7VLV4HUF5#';BV
+!D7:H5C(V[Y1SQUYXZ5U



MT4


!09E!)-




M&CLA\
LT+6/E-F$2%29?*QQLSM^[QG..]=Q123_K[O\ +3U&U_7S;_74****
M0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



.?KV=C:2V-Q83W4:7%VR9#+'N
%6F%O%<0RA6C!?8K^2$ $9;N&S@




L





#MQS3M?3^M
.K<@^F
M3R^D^
.YA@R%DBB?S&



^G];?\$X?2_&NJ6=EJEUK5E#(W]K265I%9RRS
&7W@?Q!J?AU-/U#Q
?ZV_0L1^
-;;






MW[^(O!&I3:9:R:O/87%H[C.]?+0J7D*!@,DD@*VQQFM$^-HKZST::[\.^8

#*%




MWW

]$O

M'CU['[?=II#7&E6%X+&::.X59C
2H^6-@%*Y=1DNO?C%7/%7AG4-=O\ 1[W3

S^]'<VGCN^O=6U*


M@_*

ML41CLK2XLD80\8&]P0\@'894=*99^ M5L[#PQ:+KUFRZ#*9$)TULS#:5P?WW


L;

M]W_:




C@!CN\T



MN0Q8@DECTZ5V=G%-#90Q7

HK$#J%)) ]LGZT=/
;WT_K;_ ()P
MN@^

0[J[@ALQC8BJF=WS$@9V@\5T6A^(Y=1U6




GH
?6L^Q^&NJ:



M3+N*UF2PODEB)DQM82

M$JR;AN1L8*YY!QFN7U3X=:EJ:DD/BVMDU![:26-=


M597/[R158*.
#@@G XKL-3\-W
_B.#7=+U





M&=[!;:CX5;_50_9=:GN+::XV+WBC95F3=N()4C.0. *6FB_KI_P1^9V&I?$.

*PRNZ;EW!%:&.6

?[2\03:5:VD2O


0@E8E

MO/?CT2Z_UT_S*?3^NJ




V;V5O
MB5AAC?&\^7YA+
0!SO X&!US4F\ 7
MOA/1=


*



^G7)NI
M9;FP!




MH(9'&'5E


5




]VIDCDW.JG:%(*D

M#[6(-#TG3%\161&FZB;])#IC?.VXL%(\[IEF_#'3&3*MI?R_/_(M];?UH_UL


0

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **\DO[?PQ%XY\8V^OR1LLT%L]O'=S
[&4


^M5_Z\K_Y_- ]/Z\[?\-Y'HR?VE_:\N_[+_9GDKY6W=YWFY.[/\.W&W&.
+);WMTP+
MQ9Q!YL;-@EE)'(RW0YQP6U_KS_R_$E/2_P#73_/[SVRBN%^%=_977AN]M[&[
M@FAM=2NHXDBD#.+S&

M-A'3Y0

M0;6!4G:26YQQ\ISQK2:G#;75C97#HM[=AMD2-D$JN6/KM'3..XKS^P7PP_QL

9K1\8VNC)X]\*WNJV=HZ%;F/S9X ^7


M.:KJT6HV+7T7BC?;W'V@%XU
ZY*'/RJ4#$XX(!)SBMRSGTO5-?\ 'NGZ=X@A






MMP[  

MX(( 7G=P

/=^8S;HXP
%F).65@/H1VK;N

IKI_7Q)?J


M+6


@SP<'G;US_A%O#WB*XT/Q+8S0:)+:Q)HTBPR3
MI$Y+[_+VABLN6&.< =L4=/Z[)_?J'7^N]CUZBO$?$
^D-XC:P\6ZIKEE:20
33Y-=U/XA0:]O;PFT^2Z24
QE+*Z+@C  'S'US[5PMPOAZX\7^*



:JL8TB&2Z2ZFN!B%-\0B0G@ G
MCG@T6LU_7<2U3]#TBO(3X0BU+1=8OM-T^6#3]0%YHS1AE**J
Z(.(G8,
M .G0CL:[#P5!:ZG]K\7BP2WN-8(:,M$JR!0%0
1USMW?B!V%7]?U\_N$SK
MJ*\7\67.GOKFI7T;117VGZS9^9+=-NNHTW1J?*P 8H#U)8
2W R*SM3N_#L



M0WT2WX)VW1'F?OO-[F+;DC/RXVX[5;C[[C_6]O\ A_(SB[P4G_6E_PO,]!D
MUC6=1UV^LM$_L]8],FBCN5O$?,V]0YV,I^3D=5;)].M=-7F?@


M1DXYSCAV_K[_ 
=/Q%?2_P#73_


6S=8%^U,=L@E96G#D  D<9VCTHM;\?Z_P Q+7\/Q/7Z
!TI/9_
MUT;_ $_$:M_7JO\ 
]8T[4+?5=/@OK1]]O.N^-_[R]C^-6JXOX5IIL?@#3%T
M^*00J+OR8@F9@
-NP!EQC!SSQS7:54E9V0D[A1114CBBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .6TG2)[+QUK-



M/TY+G[1-*L?VF++84
JLP P^

1UC#


MJ0$



CK3L_Z]+B;ZG17%S!:6[W%
MS-'##&
?:O-_B/K#:Y

MW28KJ6^.PO/#S@#'. 0V Q'/;G-):J_];7*:Z?UO8[:H9;NV@FAAFN(HY9V*
MPH[@-(0






EW;0SPP2W$233$B*-G :0@$G:.IX!/

%@?6N?O[B[O_B;X

E+I<=C9U[2FUK1YK!;GR/-QEFB$BL
&FL]$FD_MU)#&S7*D3(K$@GDGIU Z<\GBHE^(DXCLT?0)FNIM6?29

O'([$+NCV\*3QD
3[4[:M=O^#_ )$WT3[_ .29ZE17


I

'('3!KF(?&4'B:VAMM$TV+4A=60N;B*[E$21Q
2NQOE;+DAAMQ
MCY3DBN6^'FKPV/AOP5I\VB8WEQ=K!=,4Q:L&E)CELX&.





A'0@94#@\BDMK^GX@][?

MM/%/&&*%HG# 




UJUM-2D\+?V@'6:T2WT

HVYY&,U=B\6:G*]M;?VD=[?#S+*.2]79)&(U=G=@I*;2P7 5LG&..0AG64
M5QEUX[N+2TM8I=!NX]8G


EI#&2 V?ERHSWQ1TN'D=3)=VT
\
$MQ$DTQ(BC9








M&GF.%W
3@*
]23QBN3M?'4MQ'X5N'TR..UUZ
L7-T2UNPC
F
;


+UR/I7



2!$11PJ@8 KS3PMKDGAC0XX8]'C&E/KUQ8^8DP

H#6D












M;Z(

<G=BNL



5]N[+$\(!TX[GJTN+QM7EMF




7^2*W?]?UU

QWK#=QQ52CXW*T;'# X%12^#]0GNM(N[C7VO+










ID;:5QD2+@88]CSCZ5T1X'3/M6'X8\1
?8'\Y=MN2I8
M]V)GH



M8R3TYZY[2WE\^VBFV[?

$X--UCP-


M$3SA)O0'OD=-PYQU%_(/

J2
M%A&V.


M )H/Z_KY

.\1:)J







RF-RAR5XZCL3]35VT


M\3_VK'K26D/]GRV(BCM3YJK)@EUD\S 8$ CY?\:H6O@/4;1[2:#6[2*:WT^2







MP






+K8


M %Y?Y(****0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '




YM4U&;P9?\ B2/5;Y/$-C?O +

M:'.P[E(^;&XYSFK][-)H?BR\T*:YU=SXBA0Z:QOIW$#YQ*JG?\FW(DR


C!VG
MJ


M&


MP S!#$3^Z*H/X5P2.2378Z9HNE:+')'I6F65@DA#.MK L08^I@9IC:!HS2S
MRMI%@9+B,Q3.;9,R(?X6..1['BD]?N_0?^9YEX=DFTW0_ 5Y;ZE=_PF7CVT
MT9G/DM$5E;;Y8^7@J

MN6*Q@;0

%\X^]@GGK33LQ/6_]=_\ 
\PO67_A#?$GS#_D;5[_
M /3Q%7H_C!IX_!VKS6MY-9SPVDDJ30%0RE5+?Q CG&/QXQUI/^$+\*^2T/\


MA]QWDYW9X&

\+?9A;?\(UHWD!]X
MB^P1;=V
9QMQG'&:OF]Z]NOZW_+0A*T;?UM;\]3SK4;C4[?P[XVOCX@U5[K2

M2;3(J
B


M19]DLM[YSAG92&C



MZ_/_ #_S*/A]C\4:A/XEMY;Y++R8[:WDN) F\#
C&
MM)!(3.
Y0UDSV5M


[:[
MAT338[ED\LS):('*8V[=P&<8 &/3BDM/Z\E^J'?;^NIQTNJQ0_$33;<ZN^R\
MT&1VMGO&*/(FTB





MMX)('3TJD]?Z[M_J39VMY?HE^A2\970B@TRT%W=127EZL*PVK;)+D;6)3S R
MF








M\5S
T2.RXCD\H-M/(*XQU8'J
U5$4T'B'1O#U_?:E!9:A:SW;DZA-YDEQN4B

L-6MC;

MN]?]





M]/MWA+&)H;9$



M6&W!/L$6

ML@!D6-G).2

1:?HNC)<7;#[27MQ$;A-P8J9$&Y22!\W)'7&:J^#?A]



WEZ]M+







PP.I

=N.@Z# Z\8XJ?4=

M^6&W!/L$6
^N-O6K
7AK08+BXGAT338YKE2L\B6J!I03DAB!E@3US0G_ %_X

Q+L-[;GVH2
M^
_D*75+VYM_!^OW^C_$5+\K:+



CCBA.W+Y?
M\'_


IZ^M*5FT6AP6EZYJL_PJGMXKA8]<TB06%X$D&_




]:&^9MOK_ %_7J&D;)?UJ8^NW-QH\^B6=UXIN

TUYJ

MM


RZ+K


(!R A(^

MW_X1K1O)9PYC^P1;2P! .-N
X)Y]ZT+S2-
U&Q6QO=.M+FS7&VWG@5XQCIA2
M
2Y,S@ 3[ S$D_=VXSVQ7J*^&]2V


:3'IS2,LC0^4


MNI4AMPH




(V.6ZL0_7BKT/AW

#K3'\+^
K:WT74-(N='MM
M8T^S^P303R2S6UQ$-N&+!%96RI. ._6A.R^[\G?\;7^\):O[_P!+?K;_ ()N

]
 \U3U'PWXTCU6T\0:3JND-K#6OV6^

MEM]3NXH+C4!;S6J

M84+6_D#T5ST6BO-_&6LZSH
V@^&[/4Y7O-;U!H_M\BKYD



48=05Q[@T+7[[?E






8(W
H((W?

9

C*
M!2






NT!8


M06%ELVTF2W=9U;=YID)  '\.W&[/?.*Y?PSX9USP3;/I.DFPU#1C.TD NYW@



X#5O#WBG4O'GA_Q$MIHT

MOI%%-MN7-UU_$E)*/*MM/P

MA._2N8^&?A+7O!UKJEKJBZ;)'=W;W:26MR[$
P V%6C7CCKG\*[^HKFXAM+:
M6YN)%CAB0N[MT50




]%WX'UBZ^)ZV
MUAHC:*+ Z8;,W3@F D_-M$.T'!^YG''WJ]$AN8;AI5BD#F%_+DQ_V <?D14




J[0
MHY_BZG'XTEV]?\P?=_UT

M7/ .*Q?#?A'Q=H7_  E3/;Z)

MY-??J._7T?W'F_@_P[XU\(^#;?0H;/P]//;^9Y5V]_
 N]BWW/(YQG^\
UUU
MC#K


)8?BU<^+I(M)^Q3VPL


5C4]6(!)_0&I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJ**YAGEGCBD5W@?
M9*!_V V#^!!_&@6BBLG6=9?39;.TM;=+G4+YV2WBDE
:':I9BSA6(&!V!Y
M(H UJ*S[749!I4%WJMK_ &;.Y5'@:59-CLVT 
O!R2
?7H*JZ;K[:AXDU?1W
VM)9H[:6Y=%R(82H=


\EWYH7RB
;5V'



-I$))Y%C0NJ GNS$*H_$D@6BB@D $DX H **P


M(/













[4K<,EI&#,<D.0/F!//-#?\ 7W?Y/[P_K\_\

R222LW3.TOQGD8(%+XF0MH_Q

=


$
M:A4BC4*JJ.@ ' %5['1M+TR2:33]-L[1YVW2M;P+&9#ZL0!D_6D];A'1)=CS
M]I;BX\,7.BZ]J-RFMQNEV6N3,-OE%O/17W+&5;'@+S@CI5'0;[41H_@+5)

7@(N=EJ@\




M(V8.
Z4FDQ2W0L+XP36SLI+3&/(64$= <XV
7]F$R%9&
MC]



HC\H/\ 8H]P3;MVYQTV
NR1H^R]BCVK/@G&,,V?3.3G%3CPKX
M=&G'3AH.EBQ+^8;86<?EE_[VW&,\#FM2**.)(H8UCC0;51!@*/0 =*'JFNX




1'[29'1G+AP&?<54X!PI&,<8KT/_A#/WV
M?[/_ 
(UHWD;_

M8)D$_
D;
W0#''UXQ0G:W]?R_P3?S&M_PN[?Y.Q #/I_C:&TL]1O+NRO-*


M'4'AETETD\UE60CRA&9]C9&/G6+=WSUKU%M(TQX[6-M.M&2T8-;*8%(A(X!0

;C][H]@MW

2#DXQ@YKC]
U;4KCPII4-UJ-U-%'J]Q;7





MQ^%-]OZV7ZZ_



M\X.*[R^T72M3$(O]
LKL0'

M9KU](L&NYT

M!7RXF)V

&Y);B23P]I+R7(Q.S649,HR#\QQ\W(!Y[@4NC7K^*7^0U:Z;
M\OP=SS6]\176JW]K8ZEXNM= SI5K=6\MQYD8F=U.]PZ3Q*2#QL;<..G6O5-*
M=VT.T:6]6]?R%W72Q^6)CC[X7)P#U_&H&\,: ]K;6KZ'IC6]JVZWB-I&4B.<
MY48PISSQ5^YM+:]M)+2ZMXI[:1=KPRH&1AZ%3P152=TTNO\ P?\ /\8JUK_


I S



49
M

VG^)((X4_M*21XHC)#P9
AGQO/

ML?:(S;IMFP





M
/A'PXJ0^3X?TA'MLM;'[#'B%LYRN!QSSQBA.V_]?%_G^ -7_KR2_0X;3V\0


M^AY\TXUC4?$UK-K5]9'2(HVTXV]ZZ8B\H
)F.[]]EL@[]PX]S6]:376O?V.
M?5XY(KJZTS?.J,T3;BF?X2
^GOBMR\T/2=0FMYKW2[*YEM_]0\UNCM%_NDC


_
MP.3_ &1


O=I;:W=BPN(KFX@MI0






L;2ZGR9)8K=4


M\!:I?U\W\U^)Y_X;UNZU:\M-2D\;6D.JK



MBHD($0C:?RVR

[+@PKYBYZX;&1FHY-'TX7[ZK

MW3



SQ<[!?+
?6M2VMH+.VCMK6.)0L<42!50#H !P!2OI;T_(?7[R6BBBD 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'GOB7Q%9W'C!M OKW5K


EM.WGV^5D;
M80

M" 000001D$51E\5:-!?K9S7;1N[^6LK0R$ODC8)MOE[L@C;NSQTK
^'EE

:9^2<(H+,<<\ X%1R66JZEK\6O2Z/<6PT_3Y[:*V,L+2W3R;?ND/MC;QN*






MX!X!-9I\;^&A:6-T^KP)'?2&*V$F59W!VE=I&X$'@@@8/6HO%EMJEQ/I#6%D



MQUX_$+5M;O=*2ST^]LX(H_

M19O?%$=WXBU+PQ-0M;B.S$@NXK1R%9MV'*%  %^\W!/ R015;P-XML;WP]


31Y'[WGE

\\]^N\7Z

M/$YP


2T0Q\R?+\_)

M8;D2K@@1(A7;][(*GJ 


M.A3ZA]ABNY'G82&/%M+LFV??$;[=LA'.0I)X/I7/)\3[1] M]2&G:D#/J(LP

:7

=LB2(X







BJ./




GDFFNG]=%_P?N$^O]=7_ 
 ZW5+^/2]+N;Z4%EAC+;5&2Q[*




XQD?=

_Q1#;^]_X





C\L9.Y-[9Y)5
-&Z[3(5@DD2$,<*9&
M52L8/8L13].U6^NM8O[\THVBVZ1O%.+A9%G5ASP







JRQNS!4 ;?N)P#E0 
\FFTKNW]*[_ $)ULF_Z=O\ 





;(T1=6)C6+:&!SQC;N.!UKJ(_%N
MBRV
UVES+MAD$



MSE#

MU'5C=6Z&YMN8V=7R3YN 0$P1ZL
9YQU?Q =I?A;KLDD+PNVG.QBD*ED.WH=I



MZZ=&10TIC@DE6%3T:1D4B

V5Y):2ZO UQ'&LSQQ!I2J
5 8


M?FB

M'..
J.KU_K5?Y@]M/ZW_ 
OQ/0;?Q3HMS;WTZWOEI8/LNA/$\+1$C(RK@'D$

NX-%EB1[VQO+;[1<0A+D6^ R':[%2W5<C''.*V])LM?G^)-SKUUH

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !17#R:IK&O:UK]GH^LQ6%WH\R1Q6KQHR3 HKEIB5+;3DJ-A7&.
M]
DU;6-=OO$

8DW2;U)V'.!M*G@G-&RN_7Y#MK;Y?
M
#+^<





MT.6Z2TE2
)YZE IW!0P!W'.215CP;KL]_-+8:G/J

MD4*Z= 

M;=V\S.W*?

MP




MK9N[J73KUXWFMX]L+E4Z*FTE
O6N@^(4^UFZFTS5UM/MLD*;X[=O++2,J@
M*2JNW1<< D'FG;^ON_S0_POS_R9Z-17&^$-7U+4]8U.%=6@U71+38MO?^0N




1^5DM%E?




MC(KRK#.#CG%3_7WC_K[C


# MOMDS6Z_2$OY8Z=EK:KSW5]0\36NNVWART

)Y

-S([X+/NW*


MZ$]P(





M#:0

MJ^
8YKHW4BZP5:8J%+XB3J%XSZX Y[#I32U^7^7^8/3^O7_([:ZMH[RUEMI3
M((Y5*


M4:AXH\3:?X9\8O#J

M=)'B:



MU)(MN

4BAB



9&V[8@/0C&:[;2+V'4='L[RZ6[BFA5UN%7:)
MC[V.V?3M3L!5;Q'9)XJB\.F.Y^VR6[7(8PD1[%(!PQX)Y'3..^*GUG1;'Q!I

Z_O(^




D%RUIKJ&& (&\QH@Q_=Y4&3'0CY1Z\EM6DXO^


ME

/F&


9P/7BE;2_]=/\Q_U^?^1N
MT5Y4OB?Q0NF!%U#9+#XDCTUI+RTC

M77





CYB.PR3777GB72;&WBGDN'ECEC$

M BQ@(JJX50.V 


M[BY*:JYCLV^PS@2

M\'S


YXZ\5HZ3K-AKE
MD;O3YS+$':-MT;(R.IPRLK 
I![$ T^C7]=A-[?U_6QG6W@S0K.2&VG5'B
F3Z3(5286SQ;PH3.79<#)8\ AL8/&:[*S\4


_P]\
W&=UC



4NR[_P!?H%]WV_K]2_IG





-
MK2S3R3



&(Y()?[-9I;=&CMY9+F5W@4]HV+$IC
M'&TC;SC&:V[_ %*STNQ:\O9A# ,#)4DDDXA0
EB2  !DGBL^#Q;HMQIMQ?Q
MW4GDV\OD2H]O*LJ2'&$
/\ PO<(DD&J

X#_ #9 .

MGM!9^9+?2[S%R#\[

Q9NK17-IK&KQR5O1

;-F[KQG&
\9S4

M^#= F\
JN^O]?HWLN
MG]?J9P^'?A=-/LK'3Y8+6RE\Z.WO)HMLG]\E7!9N/O')%22^ _#\YU0R6]

M KA652P()PW(]#71:QJ&E0^(-'M;O69;2]9WD@M(Y=HN $;/F+@Y4 $\X&0.
M:?:_6_\ 7X?U8/)=/Z_4I7_PT\(:J;(ZAHZW3V2A(9)IY6?:#D*S%LN!Z
2.
MU6)/ GA^6;4)6M[L-J

MM+$DG   R222

J'P?H=N=/*6DA;3XS#;



VG
MFDECMAG8L

M;NIQ@&K6EZSH9EUR_@UY[F&&8?:_.FS%:
% *)D *.



M_)(R@  GV !&#@9I+5





1-[.9






=L5!%XX\.S0V\R7







M(R


 #H 

D



-P;C3_\ CU
=W+&L?T56G(X.1R.#Q35\)Z,-5O]2-O,]S?Q
M&&Z,EU*Z2)TVEQ4 9.
#C)QUKB=(\6:;J.H'5]2U+7K.5-4DM8$2VNDM73?

$GDYPX)P2

L:?I]HMY
M=&XN&AEDBL9W6/$9?C?



8TGD1+'
MO<Y+8&,G-6** \PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



!YDC


M+ R)-O\ 

MP3TX&2
C.





D!$





6$D;2 @=2#ZX%+K/AFZUS2K'0I/#\6F6D$+72S:?Y!2?
MG9#&&*GO\S;0K=. 3CT.FM(B%0S %CA03R3C.!Z\ TME;^OZZCO=W/-)1X\=
M]%\1)X;C;4[&6SN]





&4]P!P
M!D5W6CZI;ZWH]IJEH'%O=1++&)!AMIY&12Z=?_VC!++]DNK7RYGBVW

M&X#/*GJ#W%%FKK^NG^07T7]=S*\'V^MVNES1:U-/(1
?LOVMHVN%AP
<D\



@ $DBY.6SZ8[UV-%.^WE_P?\P[GDRZ-XE7


M=_;7UD]Q-$T4QA$?R-L9F 8IW'0C//%=YXAU^T\

C?D


M:

/


M[E).-JD'CD=M.WLM6M?B5%=C1KR338]+33_MOG08+!]V\KYF_;CCIG/;'-=O
M10G;^O*WY ]?Z\[_ )G
^)['49=:\.ZAI]E]K%C=2-



C 8SFO7:IZGI5EK%I]FOH?-
MC#!UPS(R





M)Z*

DW,ZVMK+<.LC+$A<K$A=B ,XC))]A5



3I]H



M);WPSXKLT\











M^N]Q?U^#.?N]3\::=/X;T^^U;35GN]2:TN&MHQ



@ETZ^M8X9M1LXC


M/#&H-
UU8SNTYC






ML?)R6*\[0#6'H_B'Q'KFH^&('U2*U@U317NY_(M5\Q95V LK
64??X&T@8/!






Z

MU.\U#2I]&OHMVR.[$C!RN5\K$$9 X.0S.??CF3Q):W4_Q$\+B+5KVVC:.Y)B
MA$97*JO.&0]02#Z#I@Y-:6A^ O_AO5)]2TC1X+6[F!#2*S' /4*2%'LH%:

S0L)&0KN&&'RD9!'!!R#Z4VU=-=/\ @BMHT_ZV/.DO
MM5T;2M7U6RU'RTC\3O$;7R4*2I).B


M+G.\GS
YSS]0#U J9O GAQQ*K6
K)+.MRR&[F*^:I!$@&_ 8D DCEN^:(Z6O
MTM^2_P F.6M_G^O_  #
$##&<  XQ
MU!/-1+;73?%#6W.K7OD)I4$@MB(S&0QE&W[FX $9X(.3R2

:1J=^]]=6TGVIX/L[2Q7$D1*9






ML\)(D&#()

@.\L3G+9R?6
MFVWAW3;/P_\ V% EPFGB







=% #X4#H 
8!


M%/I?@W5+O5O


M=2V-MY+W4K2R_.S LQR2 20N3R0

<'5 VU6R.2 
&-6!4HH.PYP=V3TP:
M[XZ59/I/]ES0^?9&+R6BN&
NY

:1IOF^1:LYD0Q
US
\Y$

MI)Z'K6EH'@3PQX6O;B\T72(;2XN 1)(K

M





C4FM+2QEFLE
MLUCC*R!H)D)&[<23C:0 






MAG@C+*I@+!490


MXY'%8WBO4;_Q#X DUR74FBMI-4BA33ECCV!4N@@);&_?\N3\V.V.]=[-X \*
MW'B5?$
NBV[:JK!Q/EL%AT8KG:6]R



P
OR;1T ';';TK

M[27L[2O&.B&4OOV\GY=V.3QS4O9_UT_ICBU=7_K7_+0Q-+U;6HO$GA^VO-3-

MQ11
'@




MFG6J[8+:)8HQ[*


5H:KI%A

;

M'^S5*2B)L*1\V5/RGJ6'/(.
UZ2-%TY=5GU1;8+?3VZVTDZLP8Q@D@#!XY)Y

MW7K_ %^/X'.S6NH:EX^TIUU[4;0RZ$\I%NL! .^+. \; 9SDGKP
$#BLC1=7

DVGS?99&
MET^







;:/J\
=F%5

1;29






^L7

D
Z


MW-=NJ\S3! [_ %V*J_D!61_PA.@-
M/JDSVL\K:K'Y=Z);R9UE7M\K.0



M.:Y;6XKZVN/&]K=:+?7\VJVY_L^6&V







M^E0:YJUKING
Z

M!M#;H';G;G*_

M86EYI-S!=V]JR&UGPC2'D@#!.
YQS@CTKE-+MIH]2T.[N]$U)K!=&N;.6R&E





8I)HU8%D5U((;N






6[)OM_E^77T-WP%J^I:]X2:[OKJ*:\^TW
0F6(*F$D95(4'I@#



MFY9+N
B =
:9<:1N6]


)AC&S[P'?I5CP]XZTW4_5KKF
MJW%II*RN\+XN55/


M\9:+KTNKZ?I6NV4=S:(5\\2H^T[1F0*3\RJ6 )Z9XKS[PSID;Z_X-6_\-WR?


MTJ11S





MW/3 0P!!!!Y!%+69IFI37
IM+G3;FUGBMXI)&*?N2S Y1'_B*D8/U%:=)JP)
MW04444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M
\

M-YJMM9OE4#&

=W7I2OI?



X/;(P#S7.:/XWUV'XDGPMXA33C;W


05(9V .



MGI







MX)^A%):NP/17.PHKCY_%=[JGB^[\

M1[:^LX])U65
M=V\=G+&S(

1-9RY0
MEB#L F_AQ@@]<$Y'2E_P/QVW3U_ ]8HKGWN]7OCIQTK4=-$4]H9I)9;%Y W

MG9W:[?YV_
5]$SO**X'QQXI\0Z!XH\/:=ILNF?9M9N/L^;FTD=X2
9;*RJ&'
MS=





M_AH=K17G=QXXUGP]XZ33/$4-D=NY?L]KJ-O\928JK!)

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MM0N%MM2%Q


MP11T.+\/7^C:8\%AH6@:E:?;) \Z_P!CSVT


.


MR8=/T^21(XEW9.44KG)Z9SSFNSFUNWU\C2;6UU5%NEDCFEGTNX@5$*-SNDC4
M9S@8SFNEHHW33Z_\
&S373_ASSCP*]YX$\
+X;UC3=0EN+2:1;:6RLY)X[E&








MCA&/S2!CP.C9 7IR

)K



;

MKK59;F'_ (DUT^^-@



MS& 6;B.-#&&/+$X ( %=I14V]UQ[W_$J_O*7:WX'A_@V/5K7X

M=+/$L
]C+B0XW-(ZA
 '.



)3(.\CF

5_#K[3%\2_
M&-U<:9JMM;:I,DEI-<:=/$DBKNSDL@]1][&:]8HHI=$NRL'5ON%%9UGKNEZ



9 P#UQZ=: V-:BBB@ HHHH **ANKJWL;26ZNIDAM

M+T
6YU*]BMOM



M\@W1RQ.'1QZ@C@T 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%4X;#R=4N;[[7=/YZ(GV=Y

CW!'M0]@/




=Q@R







#[=M)?A]I[1

MIEOI27EV!;LCR2/D(JL9



M_KY_YESPWJ7BBZUYAUW1OLUJ$#P7.(HR3GEB3R]N=V1GT'?

MR6HL$AM;07*I
C327?)W*JHP:









1[65B22&4_H



M3&%G(!+O?80W[WYMK$*=N/7V'11^%M.31=0TR3S9UU$/]LFD(\R=F7:6)  S
M@#&  



J8(.9B%9R/4;LGKUS1NK+S_7_ ( /O_73_@_TC=TK

MXB4&:VCMW@FMV)/RO&[$_P# N

M
QIV(SP3G%;5CX?AM-9GU:6[N;N]EC\E9)]@\N/.=BA%48SW.3[T]!:G.^-O

M9\]?R_SL5I=?UV_X)!I_B[4/$)TJTTJ.UM;NZTN/4[B2Y1I4B5R $559223N




9X*QC@+]

9





9[YK6T+18M
MT:'3(+NZGBA01QR7#AG50


M3'N()I0\C(R







*J[F(  +$MVSR:5U97_ *W_ 

M!

M.IW?A\IH




'2M?AS:6E
MTMTFN:PUREZ]\DK&#*RNI63@18PP..




@=B]SL9E?SL#KD J

FO2]*T2VT71QIM@TD48WMYF07WN2S/R
9W$GICVQQ6#!\/+.+1;S2I=8U

MV=
$J1[9'UKH+CP#97



M2TACOHQ'




MI ;.SCN+J2ZC:0

J[F%J2%SC)W'C-6W

N;J
9P)

X! JYHGA;3M!\
KH%JUS)


MX^;=44'PYM;;3]&LH]=U@0Z/.9[4$VY.X@C#?NN0 6'_  (^V'I?^N[_ $M]
MPWM_7;_


M%Z=*?J?PWL-6DNIKK6=:-S=VBV=Q
MP@\R
$GE-FS)W'^'CJ
')-IO ]M-JM

6(?CN OT/6M31/%7BW6IK*^MO#JG1
M[V

&Y'\.-


?_#_ *F[X9O=;O=.D;7M+^P722E% 9,2
MI@8?:KOL[C;N/3K7 ?$.\.I7MY<6J:DUWH!CET\V^GSS1/<*0\F71@^4!.2
M




LD\J$DD2.<ELDDD]<GK27G_7]=AOR_K^NAGB/Q3<

M-@L27C9F8L Q+


KZ/XM\4ZW=65]8^'_


GMX_
=B#
8@ZN2 
'L5.1_=Z5K:=\
M-]+TK5Y+ZRU+68H7=I1IXO#]E60G.\1XP3GG!R
]NE1CX;VPT:/2QX@UGR([





+C(('4 #-5977K^J_1LEO1V[/\I?Y+[SU&&Z6WU#4YKG6[
M:2VC$;?9SL3[&
')9LY.XC/S8QCBK-MJVFWMU/:VFH6L]Q  9H8IE9X\]-P!
MR
MJ9E$I7U9SC\*\LL]-=/$-SI&N^%?$=_<MJ;W=M?07LPL6!D+QN_[



52O8:A;QW(


[A$DD<G:2
X






DO7LDU&T:



[+G&0H.2
CK6'X4UF_GF\


^P;]GV


M;)_
Q]I((+.3D8+((TSG@[JGU]?Z_#Y
/Z_K\?N/2K'6-+U0S#3]2L[LP-ME




M)=?\6RMH$]IY]XMS:?:=-:$?ZH*2K
H7



=]'JED]




:GI%W/-X'UK3=2L


_M.S_M#&[[+YZ^;CUV9SC\*\

M&=LKB/UV9XSD88@CV-9&L^'+^]UC7= @@FCTS6(TO_MB+\D
RC:R@]F++$WT


MHYH@Z8!SG+]


MU.PTVS^V7U];6MJ








M

7C+/GR@C+L4
M





MZW:_X)WHU[3]/TFPN-7U.SM&N(DP]S


$;:TT_PTGV/2;[



^:YKP9XAO-;UWQ+#-J%K?6=G<Q+9RVJ (8WCW\$
M$[NH&<\X[=*Y'2K+5-.T_2'GTC5)[+3=<NYKN,VW[R17:3RY1&H&\*2&^48Y
MX!QQT?@B.[7Q?XNN9-'O+.SO;F*:WFFB$:R 1J#\I(;)//3U!YR*:2O\G^G^
M;%+33S_S_P ==-K6E6VI1:=/J=E%?2\QVTDZK*_T4G)_*K-S=6]E;O<74\4



=:W:NP0+
M(40H[$!-I!Z#Z5'%IZP2:9#IOAK5=(M9[2Z3S1R7<\9D*EHV4LZ1LY&[=)N



5&81Y7@GIMZG%0^'(;W^Q]LGT74[*
M6.RN[9KM].F+QEGSY01EV*&&T[W!7C'K0]-OZU?^7]: O/\ K8[/6?$MQIGC
MS18)-3LXM!N[*XGD+JJ@&

OS
M=







ML+J);:?STN4+! $8JAW;B!@@=1S65 ;R3XS:;/?Z3;6-Q)I$^6@F$ID4.F-S


88


MK3::!:FS17*KXNNIDTZTBT62+6KT2L+*[E


O([21?M1

M











M@TFWN[JYMX



M9IVAV^FV%A_9VF3K*EJQ23]]YKB0_


KN'49&?UK5\ V\%IJ7CVACAB76FVQQJ%49AC)P![U26


)IX@#)&K@L@.<$CJ,X/Y5RGB^YO_  YH
MVEP^';*QACEU&%X]YA4!Y!D+M0XW$D$XX!)P36+]NNO#WBWQAJ%GHMM+(EA


%QIAN]7N;-;C
MRX&N)T\L;1N=HX&8$YZ;




M_?%9'B+QM/X?NI#)I(-C#/% \TUSY+RF3'

M;@9(&3[DH+3XAW4VC6&N7&@&#2KFZ^RN_VL--YE

M5I-$IWCS'=T5PEI\19I['4=3N- FM=



M

M4WQ'FL[;7C=:-')=:/;QW
D5C?+*I1\\
S*A5EP25P3C&
UI1^
V@U9K35M/

CT((


\X;'\1;B2]LM/'AZ47TU_)I\ZFZ01P3(F_P]C+*5P0=HX]^TGL@



M


5Z@

!BR!0V3A@=I(X/7.0+%SXB?^
MW==M['1(8]2M-
2YCN[EU47$MM!*!F@AN#WSP


]ZZK1M6O-4N
M=3$EE!%:VMPUO!
ER7
Y7AB5*#;@\=6Y!]
FG%IM=K_@2G=7-BBN T?QAJEO





\&B!9)I)K
MM$\V
IOW(%#9.W! .




M:QP)EP





M)Y0FQ544;$Y&



6



 5R

^ =4FM])N++Q3+8:WIT'V9;Z*S



MPGK1\0V&K_V[9J]K8-8E%TYOF#%26!



OJK XZ@\4+\@?YF!-X*UF6Z\13GQ!:$ZS:I:MNTTDQ!05!XE )VL

MTM_77_




M6





GD=2.*NW'@B^U#5[:ZU#5K66V33)--GMX[%D
J.!N8-YIVG*C'

8L11LY+86
-P@)X7=T[]ZY


M$)(8.93_ !

M(ZG(92









M:-& HP3+\X*9# @ DYXZ5UNIZ'_;OAB?1]6G61KB'9+/;Q^6-W4
JDMC! (!
M)Z5J0N9((W.



M/7-EO!8N=?\ [6N[JV\X6SV^^ULQ#+*'7#&5]QWCN!@8/K765S-KJ^LZOJ]R
M=

M_P!?UTW]?UZG'3^ M3EA\3P1ZY9QPZZBQ[1IS'[.BH(P ?.^8[!CMSSTXJW
MJ'@FXUC3KSU&_L91:F




MQ@8]*;IQLI[/P





]JPM0;PWH_@_P 6VA2QL+U]:
3!$$
G

] 2.AKW&FNZ1(SR

M[)[7POJT=Q\)+'4&N)[LII0
KVK[YBZQ_


M#M$'&]5/0D=0*GI;R_2W_!?F5_7X_P!)'A^@ZAH=GH?P]OX]0M%U)[YXKBXD

0$JY(8/*(
M-S0%3G#R8QC'.*]MI00#@^M.^MQ=+?UU_S_ \JB\-6UEK]QX%71[

M%



$'O4D%O





M%R


M_PMV_U/'M2O;N#Q?J-O:7JMXEE\+8,W.YA=\$JBEL*VT!L+CU]Z?IFI:#J

M_(\%ONEQ6L/B6XU*S\'2370LG%HEPD:^8OE1)8I
+MSLXR!TK4UR+PC;VO


M./Q-%/*VA[?EF\H(/(^RXYV\#(3C.
M^RZ0
7VC=QM?&0.!G&




;37TO4-6T^R&IV4.H+J
S7^JPZNEO-?0[G CPD@GS]W

M8YR-Q$H&

BS1@%D)&


MUKV2LW7M*;6M'FL%N?(\W&6:(2*P!R593]Y3T(R



MQC49?)#1-$P7;%A (RYVCY #DJ




M&M27)B106+^8TI


)Y!XIDM)M$N=.@;2)KAE-NS_-


K8W 8 W$8 .*]:HHH;T2%UN%%%%(






MW^AP:7-8ZY NIV%J;+SVL8IX-VX*\?F9W \A@XZ]*TI?!%N?=YHT-V\=S=





BWTU[X=U&UM[5[E+@6]PJ$+_


S$!ED(;88\
21SR



M-&8K6T*0_N$8KB1U89))^4'KZUZ+X6T&?PYHZ:;)J'VN*$L(#Y(CV(6) /)R
]0]_E_D


MX@7
NFZ?J
N(?#3F'1)S'=6\5


/S DG[OI]:2T2?E^:_JP^K7G^J)Y?%NK

)+)9VTO4E\NW65&C5]RCSI$5@ Y



M3P]?:WJ&C7-KJ5O:+IMU]JV2VAE
C;2N

MAG.!P

212P^9'V*@.QL?.3TR!FHH_B)=/ISZD_AZ2R@U

M==IYJ


'C(]Q.T?E^C_6PUK+^NZ_2Y9T[QK=7.H:3:W6AR1C



MV82AHK0PF
!=H3F1LJ !CIWZYI/7;^G_ %K\@6F_]?UM\S/M?&]K+\/;/Q28
MS*L\40\J



SB&-W3!8+]UN



MZ0QZ%M:X:XNEC










?3/&#PS:O#%X52PM-+
MNB-2D6YC4)F
R-*%4?/V]=P/7(#[;XCDR337V@ZC;::EL]RMW]EN %55W;9
M/,A158CIM9P3WZ9N:/X.NK:;Q=7U&UOH=
MTOP!J

XIW2V\OGJ_QM_6X;[^?RT7X7.TT75KO5;K4A)900VE

Q7AB5*#;@\=3R#Z9.



;Y6\P2%0/.Z;@/
MPR.^1+?_  \O+O3=9TJ'7_L^FZNYGGB6TW



MBG)ZNWR_K^MB8JR2?]?U^I'%XQG
^DC5-&%KIVM$1VDWVCS&#
NY4F3: A(S

MN([$JL

ES'$IPH.PGD@_

MZSEGUZ.X
-@;%EDL0548P'B&_P#=OP



:UI/V^ZLH;59';R!#<&821@X#Y*+C/4#!XQ]
M*PK;QW<R:S!I]QH9BDN[::YMH!=#[3^[&=LL3*HC+=OF(]Q77QVL<-DMI#F*
M-(Q&FS@J ,#'TKB+3X?:C8+I;6VOVZ7&G=4E.G9
PD'+2_O
L^1DMD9YX!Y
MI/?3^M_^ '0GTOQ]/J
/A^\ET4VUAK4K01.UT&D1P'(R@7&TA#SNR#V[USOQ
MUA_$/A(W=OI4$FEPZE#'#?23#S1(LZHS)'MX4_,N[=D^F.:V;3P!JUII7AR
MP7Q!9LFB7)G1CIK9EX( /[[CAVY^GIR7OPWNKG1I]@\0R6^D-=B[AB%J&EB
M;S/


M.




MU:]P?EYCOBM96MY\-M::ZM89V@MVEB

UK\
M/SI=S;6TEU%
D-I&\SJ NQ6CD(Y#G[Q':NG\7Z#=^)?#=SH]M?PV:W2^7-++

B%L#@$FX/RYQD#!(XR
TEH


ZD=(ANG2:X

:1

PQ\V
M[' P
W%I=W-O_9S
IP&#'DCUI=+_UY_<_S#K_ %\OO_08?BRZ5:R/H6H








M)(2QB$XZ!/FSAN

M_P!#^42)A%5YDA)X\MB!CC/3I3X;6WE\32K!I,']F^-(5D4?9@-JQLY?CJ



TEK:W7^OO[




2A8Y
D[OW@*A

M^T_99!(MO.T#L.F]0

5NXZ;EV$GLW/ I6V\_P#@

ML*7_ !5353PQ/HMOXDMI5N;*WTW4-!D

M?H_\F']?E_FCUO3/[0_L^+^U?LOVWGS/LN[R^IQC=STQ^-6Z\6TRQT_5/A!I
M6O6MO::EJ.@S/= /ME9@LK




VX@=R&QT-3^+-1T6Y\11KXDU6^M]&NK*!M
M*N;2TBNH7?#;MI


M+S#'4
E4=N*\3T'4?#FJ^)=$&JZE!<HWA<Z
MCO+HF

MENS


MD

M[/17BGB.YTF[\97UIXNU#6M

M0V7@262[^V&(B%'*RB-^74?O'P0J?WS@\;N*72X=;&AXNU:]T+PIJ6JV$%O/

=L/
AP/+YV_


M\1VKS^%FCF2Z)A

MQCD
;1.%PK@
$W
$7('8#/%*.K7K_G_PXWHGZ'K%5+#^T?\ 2?[1^R_Z]O(^



WS[I-N
M/48G\-Z!XA^WZ1K#Q:5#;RZ??2_OFDVMN^SR#)$QY4J!D[1R*$K_ (?K_D']

J@DX8*W.!P
?B*Q[#Q#XBNK73+




M

MPI9:K=Q113W&\LD.=JX=E&
\]!7Z2^C1ZMX9OM!GMXV@LF.NSQR !81
?:



M^F:LEQY
26
X
=ZF-I)MCC+ @ABH ![FNB^(
MS#HUC(BS-IZW\)U(1 EOLV


M+_ACUV^U*UT[[/\ :9 K7


U3TOYK_VU_J6OBM_

MR=O/(JSX9TW1=1\2ZUHLD.ER:;J6F6TJ6UA'NMRV9 7!QM9A@?O %YQW%.SZ






+
H3*-





CDT;O0/Z_K[T=74


MGD$$=17#^
]8;5=\2Z79:3!?VUC:.M[)/,%.8]ZA%*D.RC:QR5QQ@DU2TS

*
Q0R?




M--+#%/&\L6/
17!9
]


MRT*Q-I8V\





;ITBM5TZ=[M)G8$X!6/?@ 9.$)Z\'%(/(


M


MW?BQ#2[H8MQ&X
IE1'92

/@Y /MG!_#




<5


Z?[7;?;/LGVB+[3L\SR=XW[

\








M]+?59O#L\%@EQ+:$FZ1I//618T0(.#N8D9!P
'MS3L[VZ_K^O([VBN3_P$
MJU:+5)M&N=$MX]6:V:ZLXUOBT-RBD!AYGE@JPR.-A'(Y]#3/%FI:KI&C7MMH

$SE/.


;+^NA

-TETK1![B

/W:DG(&[/WB.1T[U7TKQ

2E9E*










%E+;BU

M2V\+P+KUH5T G8?[.;






%\S(





@$'H

71;W2K[QQ?W=M) 8+3%LD;0#HS*=TAQQR0.O?&.[HI





M-XA*Q6]T+O2I+:U


MXM++6



SPQG4H




\=








J-G
MX$U6TM_T(UZT9- )V_\2Y@9@5*8/[[Y?E)YYYY]J[JBDG;;^M_\V#U_KY?H





M4FE^!M2T;6)&L?%=Y%H+SM.=*^SQG#
Q8J)3\RIDG@ ?6NUHIWUO_7?\Q6TM
..O-=!8:;JMJ^G^?K*S100M'<1+:JBSMQM8')* 8/&3G
M/7BMBBG?^OO_ ,P_K\O\@HHHI %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445!<RW$8!@MA-P209 OI_B?RH
MGHK/^V:C_P! O_R86C[9J/\ T__ 86G85S0HK/^V:C_P! O_R86C[9J/\
MT__ 86BP7-BL_[9J/_0+_ /)A:/MFH_\ 0+_\F%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_
M 

MS_MFH_\ 0+_\F%H^V:C_ - O_P F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_T_P#R86C[9J/_ $_



F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P! O_R86C[9



MMFH_] O_ 
F%H^V:C_T_P#R86BP7-BL_[9J/\ T__ 86C[9J/_0+_P#)



F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P!



MBBBD
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BL_7;NXT_0KV\M?*\Z%I5$JEE.T9P0#
M^M8]CXAO(KZWBU26R
$]C]L



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9^NVEQJ&A7MG
M:^5YT\+1*96*J-PQDD G]*H6VAS6'ADVNG0V5CJ;0JC2P* K..


MLY.  

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





O+



MJ;5+W4!:-+IZ7
#W6K36O^E2.[
JA(W\\KE%$1XQCG/&U9V_K^M3UN.XAE

;4IH2X,<9EVJ1
LP+%P23E?\ 9QFNR\7?\AKPI_V$

G !STYJY8:MINJK*VG:A:WBQ/LD-O
LF



MS2'4M
O@OB
:EIS6\FJVTM\D%U'(EK$J
L9E*DJ&W%23T& 
_+FE;^OZ_K89

M2
R#U4
1G\*\^BO[6TU


GD4)7#^OZ\CU
M22ZMX9X8);B))IR1%&S@-)@9.T=\#GBI6940N[!549))P *\W\1#7=2U*XUO


2+ZKDC(Y'3UJ[:WEK?6D=W:7
-Q;2#
(M+
%U96ES):ZC
&GM'FC


5+T386UL

M*&('.

Q#82JAE'+


Z99E:0




E:/XLU#Q+:KJ.A:-%+I+.RI<7EV8'FG!:.,1M
MD<'&XK^%9WBCXAWOAWPK_P ) /#S/ EPUO-;W5WY,T;!]@(HZL#@G.[ICKG


MCCQS=Z?XGTK1-?TB*T?5E/V.XM+PW$;

3$[@(-RN




MD7JK ?SKS+PCXGT&T^

#GBDMDWVO\[V&U[UO.WRM^A[;

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

;SF4$X&


MM(9[C4)-/_?7V+8.F
M&.UD!;B





!KG?H<=]9?\ 0SVX@ C6.#-
MSM1L'L#MP%!QQTZU7+K;^OBL)/2_];7/5J*XV_\ &]];WWB&UMM :0Z+ EQ(



6)6)C8G<A)'W3W'2FTU)1\[ K

+/


VHZ&ZVU




MJT


'25@









M.



M!


FYF*JN?0G)'.*@_M


MSRJJ+:*KY4R2+P1(Q+?(!AE0[@W!'1/5N_4:T22+(\'MI]^NI:'?I97YMH[:
MX::W\Z*X5.%9T#*=PYP0PZ\YJ[I'AP6.JW.LWUU]NU:YC6%Y_+$:1QKR$C3)
MVKDD\DDGJ3@5CP?$!)Y)4CL8Y1#O:22&Z#IL1+=R5(7YCBY QQRIYHO/'R06
QM1IRR&&;3WFW&1=K%


M6\:+=ZA##=:I*@



M7@W18KQ;H6^Z165OWF'&52)!PP.

 \K





5#:VL%E (
M;:)8XPS-M7NS$LQ/J2223W))KGM7\27-I)?+:Q1&.TO=/M6D8DY:::
2 CMB

#MCDYYZ5)0 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'EFKZ1I/_

C)J#PIKM]HGA_Q//IVG&=M/




ML5T\WC/PM:2F&Y\2:/!
H&Z.6^B5AD9&06R.*N5N7Y_U]VQFOB_K^M3'U^QO


=$)N+2&V\K[?#A?





%OXMN
 $!=V!D*H..
MNT9S@57^W_#1K%;.?7- NH5(*F[U..9Q@%5PSN6& Q YXR?4T =G927
UG%)


M#&'_ .*H ZBN?\ ^$[\'_\ 0UZ'_P#&'_XJC_A._!__0UZ'_X
8?\ XJ@#
MH**Y_P#X3OP?_P!#7H?_ (
8?_BJ/^$[\'_]#7H?_@QA_P#BJ .@HKG_ /A.

8?\ XJ@#H**Y_P#X3OP?_P!#7H?_ (
8?_BJ


8?\
MXJ@#H**Y_P#X3OP?_P!#7H?_ (
8?_BJ/^$[\'_]#7H?_@QA_P#BJ .@HKG_

8?\ XJ@#H**Y_P#X3OP?_P!#7H?_ (
8

M3BKU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!B^#_^1



[LX]J3_A
/ P9F_X2/P[N:
1$_;8

]CZO8W]MJ=HEW9RB6W

_!


MTV#]WQCY?FXXXXH Y6^U75[V^O;73I=01[W739Q\M&]O&]A&0Y5N55?GE P#

]

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *QK?3-1TO
&G7-N]@!B*VN(SF$
M?W5=3]P=E(R/7& -FBFFT)JYFYUO^[I__?3_ .%4-5AU^1PUFP206[ ;#E/

M?#MA?%KF[MIH4D5XI2C.?+(;K(3]X==P&3T&





MR
)[4C
@4444B@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /.?$^NWWA7

M=

DFF^
8]%U_Q1#X:O-0M4N+G3+F-8S*OF)(SPM&0



$@G+?WB:YSQ=JF

MT=M:B5-MXMN4EE:?

M81LGWBQ)!8GJ2 =W0\5YOHLEM?\ PT\/W4.L:
W]GRSR2V^K-OMICYG21R?D
W^Q-68J26+ &WE(R)&VD#Y22
=
T/0






95B8H






M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


6]C5?2_$-Y<ZIJ&E:AIB0:A9P



MQNQ/N=VPQ4O'M&P
%.TAF/3(&:%J#T.MHKG9O$.H6&NV-EJ.E0Q6NH3M;VT\




M

)4L
[L#:1C&3GI6CXLO
M=0M=#_MO3=9G@E
2&TL%@B=+J5N51LJ7.[@?*RXY-'2_I^.P=;?UH=?17'7E
M_K6J:]J&FV5^=
_LVQBN&

U9D





M\_=$0R0%!R#N).




ZNVEQ^%FL2;)=4^V'4O-0(81/YVW;NW

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

8PFTX1P!C)Z8SWS45U=7G@KQK
MHUF-1N[O0]7\V(PWDS3/;2JN\


 1D






-KC<V=PYY!K9TO3K?2-*M--M%*V]
MK$L
8)R=JC S[U;HHZ6 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@*XMX+NVDMKF&.:52DD4BAE=3U!!X(K$_X03P
M?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH** .?\ ^$$\'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFC_A!/!__0J:'_X+
MH?\ XFN@HH Y_P#X03P?_P!IH?_ (+H?_B:/^$$\'_]IH?_@NA_P#B:ZB
M@#G_ /A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_^)H_X03P?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH** .?\ ^$$\
M'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFC_A!/!__0J:'_X+H?\ XFN@HH Y_P#X03P?_P!IH?_
M (+H?_B:/^$$\'_]IH?_@NA_P#B:ZB@#G_ /A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_^)H_
MX03P?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH** .?\ ^$$\'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFC_A!/!__0J:
M'_X+H?\ XFN@HH Y_P#X03P?_P!IH?_ (+H?_B:/^$$\'_]IH?_@NA_P#B
M:ZB@#G_ /A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_^)H_X03P?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH** .?\
M^$$\'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFC_A!/!__0J:'_X+H?\ XFN@HH Y_P#X03P?_P!
MIH?_ (+H?_B:/^$$\'_]IH?_@NA_P#B:ZB@#G_ /A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_
M^)H_X03P?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH** .?\ ^$$\'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFC_A!/!_
M_0J:'_X+H?\ XFN@HH Y_P#X03P?_P!IH?_ (+H?_B:/^$$\'_]IH?_@NA
M_P#B:ZB@#G_ /A!/!__ $*FA_\ @NA_^)H_X03P?_T*FA_^Z'_ .)KH**
M.?\ ^$$\'_\ 0J:'_P"Z'_XFGP^OEO,DT/AC18Y8V#(Z6$092.000O!K=
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L!O WA%F+-X5T0L3DDZ
M?%DG_OFM^B@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:Z
MB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\
MA!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T
M*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'
M_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X0
M3P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -I
MH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?
M_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#
MG_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!
M_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_
M^Z'_P)H_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)
MH_X03P?_ -IH?\ X+H?_B:ZB@#G_\ A!/!_P#T*FA_^Z'_P)H_X03P?_



F%HL%S0HK/^V:C_P! O_R8



MK/\ MFH_] O_ 
F%H^V:C_T_P#R86BP7-BL_[9J/\ T__ 86C[9J/_0+



F%HL%S0HK/^V:C



MF%HL%S0HK/\ MFH_] O_ 
F%H^V:C_T_P#R86BP7-BL_[9J/\ T__ 86


ML%S0HHHI#BBB@ HHHH **** BL_7;NXT_0KV\M?*\Z%I5$JEE.T9P0#^
MM8]CXAO(KZWBU26R
$]C]L

MSNB-ZF3N.^VCK8.ESJ:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#/UVTN-0T*]L[7RO
M.GA:)3*Q51N&,D@$_I5VT.:P\


YW=!C[N*CMK%]=2_MX9DG
MN_
@N3?1WOFQR

M &7DY)X]!5*[TO5]4N[
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Income and expense related&#13;to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less customer programs and excise taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales and marketing expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on disposal of property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Assets and liabilities&#13;related to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows as of December 31, 2020 and&#13;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following allocation&#13;of the purchase price was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following allocation of the&#13;purchase price was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following unaudited pro forma&#13;consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 assume that both acquisitions of Craft Canning &amp;#38; Bottling&#13;and Azu&amp;#241;ia were completed on January 1, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20,350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities&#13;as of December 31, 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Notes payable consisted of the&#13;following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2021. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start of loan. To help ensure adequate liquidity in light of uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company received this loan under the Small Business Administration&amp;#8217;s (&amp;#8220;SBA&amp;#8221;) Paycheck Protection Program (&amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start of loan. The Company received this loan under the SBA&amp;#8217;s PPP.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible note payable bearing interest at 9.00%. The note principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due December 31, 2020. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where in the event of an equity offering of at least $1.0 million at a purchase price of at least $4.25 (subject to adjustment), the noteholder shall have the right to participate in the financing by converting all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest on this note into the securities to be sold in the offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. Principal and accrued interest is payable in six equal installments on each six-month anniversary of the issuance date of January 11, 2019. The notes are secured by the security interests and subordinated to the Company&amp;#8217;s senior indebtedness.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 5.2%. The note has a 46-month term with maturity in May 2023. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 4.45%. The note has a 34-month term with maturity in May 2022. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning and includes debt covenants requiring a Current Ratio of 1.75 to 1.00 and a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. Craft Canning must also provide annual financial statements and tax returns. Craft Canning was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable under a revolving line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 5.5%. The note has a 12-month term with principal and accrued interest due in lump sum in July 2020. The borrowing limit is $0.3 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable under a revolving line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 3.25%. The note has a 15-month term with principal and accrued interest due in lump sum in January 2022. The borrowing limit is $0.5 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 4.14%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in July 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 3.91%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in August 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 3.96%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in November 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Secured line of credit promissory note for a revolving line of credit in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Note matures on April 15, 2020 and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. Repayment of the Note is subject to acceleration in the event of an event of default. The Company may use the proceeds to purchase tequila for its Azu&amp;#241;ia product line and for general corporate purposes, as approved by the Holder. The obligations of the Company under the Note are secured by certain inventory of the Company and its subsidiaries and the Company&amp;#8217;s membership interests in Craft Canning. In addition, the Note is guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries Craft Canning and Big Bottom Distilling. The Note and the accompanying guaranty restrict Craft Canning from incurring any new indebtedness, other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, until the Note is repaid in full. The obligations under the Note are subordinate and junior in right and priority of payment to the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations under the Company&amp;#8217;s Credit and Security Agreement with the KFK Children&amp;#8217;s Trust dated May 10, 2018. The Note was paid in full in January 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest between 2.99% - 3.14%. The notes have 60-month terms with maturity dates between February 2019 &amp;#8211; June 2020. Principal and accrued interest are paid monthly. The notes are secured by the specific vehicle underlying the loan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;A summary of all stock&#13;option activity at and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The estimated fair value&#13;of the warrants at issuance was based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering&#13;warrants, and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;A summary of activity in&#13;warrants was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average Remaining Life (Years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding as of December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;736,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(596,281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding as of December 31, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;240,278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The accompanying consolidated&#13;financial statements for Eastside Distilling, Inc. and subsidiaries were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally&#13;accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling,&#13;Inc.&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiaries, including, MotherLode LLC, Big Bottom Distilling, LLC, Outlandish Beverages LLC, LLC, Redneck&#13;Riviera Whiskey Co., LLC, and Craft Canning + Bottling, LLC (beginning as of January 11, 2019) and the Azu&amp;#241;ia tequila assets&#13;(beginning September 12, 2019). All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company determined&#13;its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity,&#13;packaging, producing, marketing and distributing alcoholic beverages and operates as one segment. The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating&#13;decision makers, its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, review the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results on an aggregate&#13;basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The preparation of financial&#13;statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets&#13;and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts&#13;of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Net sales include product&#13;sales, less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the following steps in&#13;accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 606 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;:&#13;(1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction&#13;price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance&#13;obligation is satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company recognizes&#13;sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale).&#13;For consignment sales, which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC), the Company recognizes sales upon the&#13;consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon&#13;shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point, and title passes to the customer at the time&#13;and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales, title passes to the consignee concurrent&#13;with the consignee&amp;#8217;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase&#13;at retail locations, other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states&#13;from sales and cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer Programs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Customer programs, which&#13;include customer promotional discount programs, customer incentives, and broker commissions, are a common practice in the alcoholic&#13;beverage industry. The Company makes these payments to customers and incurs these costs to promote sales of products and to maintain&#13;competitive pricing. Amounts paid in connection with customer programs and incentives are recorded as reductions to net sales or&#13;as sales and marketing expenses in accordance with ASC 606 - &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers,&lt;/i&gt; based on the nature&#13;of the expenditure. Amounts paid to customers totaled $1.0 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company is responsible&#13;for compliance with the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (&amp;#8220;TTB&amp;#8221;) regulations, which includes making timely&#13;and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose&#13;excise taxes on alcoholic beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced&#13;and on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws. Excise taxes totaled $0.1 million and $0 million for the years ended&#13;December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Cost of sales consists&#13;of the costs of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits, manufacturing labor and overhead, warehousing rent, packaging,&#13;and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales, followed by packaging and production&#13;costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sales and Marketing Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following expenses&#13;are included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations: media advertising costs,&#13;promotional costs of value-added packaging, salary and benefit expenses, travel and entertainment expenses for the sales, brand&#13;and sales support workforce and promotional activity expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following expenses&#13;are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations: salary&#13;and benefit expenses, travel and entertainment expenses for executive and administrative staff, rent and utilities, professional&#13;fees, insurance, and amortization and depreciation expense. General and administrative costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company recognizes&#13;as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based on the grant-date fair&#13;value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards, which is generally the&#13;same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, which estimates&#13;the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock price volatility,&#13;expected terms of the awards, risk-free interest rate, and dividend rates, if applicable. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees&#13;are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments at the end of each reporting&#13;period and as the underlying stock-based awards vest. Stock-based compensation was $0.3 million and $0.7 million for the years&#13;ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company reports discontinued&#13;operations by applying the following criteria in accordance with ASC Topic 205-20 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;&amp;#8211; Discontinued Operations&lt;/i&gt;: (1) Component of an entity; (2) Held for sale criteria; and (3) Strategic shift.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On December 31, 2019, management&#13;made a strategic shift to focus the Company&amp;#8217;s sales and marketing efforts on the nationally branded product platform, resulting&#13;in the decision to close all four of its retail stores in the Portland, Oregon area. Although this decision meets the criteria&#13;(1) and (3) for reporting discontinued operations, it did not meet the (2) Held for sale criteria until the retail stores were&#13;closed or abandoned, which occurred by March 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On October 29, 2020, the&#13;Company announced its intent to divest its Redneck Riviera Spirits business. The Company signed a non-binding term sheet between&#13;Eastside and Rich Marks, LLC, Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co, LLC (&amp;#8220;RRWC&amp;#8221;), John D. Rich Tisa Trust and Redneck Spirits&#13;Group, LLC (collectively the buyers referred to as &amp;#8220;RSG&amp;#8221;) whereby RSG would pay a termination fee as well as purchase&#13;certain assets from the Company which could include raw materials and finished goods. The total consideration was estimated to&#13;be $8.1 million inclusive of a $3 million dollar termination fee and the remainder of proceeds from selling RSG raw materials and&#13;finished goods. The divesture is subject to negotiation and execution of definitive agreements. On February 8, 2021, the Company&#13;completed the sale of its Redneck Riviera Spirits business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of and for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2020, the assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows from retail operations and the RRWC business&#13;have been classified as discontinued operations separately from continuing operations. For comparative purposes, prior period amounts&#13;have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Income and expense related&#13;to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less customer programs and excise taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales and marketing expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on disposal of property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Assets and liabilities&#13;related to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows as of December 31, 2020 and&#13;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current portion of lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lease liability - less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Cash equivalents are considered&#13;to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents&#13;as of December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Financial instruments that&#13;potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. As of December 31, 2020,&#13;one distributor represented 14% of trade receivables. As of December 31, 2019, two distributors represented 40% of trade receivables.&#13;Sales to one distributor accounted for 18% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2020. Sales to one distributor&#13;accounted for 16% of consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;GAAP defines fair value,&#13;establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits&#13;an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement&#13;presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. As of December&#13;31, 2020 and 2019, management has not elected to report any of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the&#13;&amp;#8220;fair value option&amp;#8221; provided by GAAP.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The hierarchy of fair value&#13;valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, whereas Level&#13;3, if applicable, generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities&#13;under GAAP&amp;#8217;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using cash or unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement and reflect management&amp;#8217;s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;None of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets or liabilities were measured at fair value as of December 31, 2020 or 2019. However, GAAP requires the disclosure of fair&#13;value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of&#13;trade receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, notes payable, convertible note payable and the secured credit facility.&#13;The estimated fair value of trade receivables, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due&#13;to the short period of time to their maturities. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company&amp;#8217;s notes are payable at fixed&#13;rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring&#13;Basis&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Certain assets and liabilities&#13;acquired in a business acquisition are valued at fair value at the date of acquisition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Inventories primarily consist&#13;of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing&#13;methodology, which approximates cost under the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by certain independent&#13;distributors on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and&#13;records write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated forecast of product demand&#13;and production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Property and equipment&#13;is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over&#13;the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed&#13;using the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets, whichever is shorter. The cost and&#13;related accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the&#13;accounts and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed&#13;as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets / Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company accounts for&#13;certain intangible assets at cost. Management reviews these intangible assets for probable impairment whenever events or circumstances&#13;indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment, management would&#13;prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset&#13;and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss would be recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company performed a qualitative assessment of certain of its intangible&#13;assets as of December 31, 2020 and determined that they were not impaired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company accounts for&#13;long-lived assets, including certain intangible assets, at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment&#13;whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication&#13;of impairment, management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to&#13;result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset, an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company performed&#13;a qualitative assessment of certain of its intangible assets as of December 31, 2020 and determined that they were not impaired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The provision for income&#13;taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &amp;#8220;asset and liability method&amp;#8221;&#13;for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable&#13;to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#13;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred&#13;tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As changes in tax laws&#13;or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance,&#13;if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company established&#13;valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Income tax positions that&#13;meet the &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that&#13;is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated&#13;with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized&#13;income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would&#13;be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits&#13;would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized&#13;income tax benefits, nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits, accrued or expensed at and&#13;for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company files federal&#13;income tax returns in the United States. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations&#13;by the related tax authorities for the Company&amp;#8217;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company does not have&#13;any reconciling other comprehensive income items for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable Factoring Program&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company has entered into&#13;two accounts receivable factoring programs. One for its spirits customers (the &amp;#8220;spirits program&amp;#8221;) and another for its&#13;co-packing customers (the &amp;#8220;co-packing program&amp;#8221;). Under the programs, the Company has the option to sell certain customer&#13;account receivables in advance of payment for 75% (spirits program) or 85% (co-packing program) of the amount due. When the customer&#13;remits payment, the Company receives the remaining balance. For the spirits program, interest is charged on the advanced 75% payment&#13;at a rate of 2.4% for the first 30 days plus 1.44% for each additional ten-day period. For the co-packing program, interest is&#13;charged against the greater of $0.5 million or the total funds advanced at a rate of 5% plus the prime rate published in the Wall&#13;Street Journal. Under the terms of both agreements, the factoring provider has full recourse against the Company should the customer&#13;fail to pay the invoice. In accordance with ASC Topic 860 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Transfers and Servicing&lt;/i&gt;, the Company has concluded that&#13;these agreements have met all three conditions identified in ASC Topic 860-10-40-5 (a) &amp;#8211; (c) and have accounted for this&#13;activity as a sale. Given the quality of the factored accounts, the Company has not recognized a recourse obligation. In certain&#13;limited instances, the Company may provide collection services on the factored accounts but does not receive any fees for acting as&#13;the collection agent, and as such, the Company has not recognized a service obligation asset or liability. The Company factored $7.9&#13;million of invoices and incurred $0.2 million in fees associated with the factoring programs during the year ended December 31,&#13;2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $0.2 million factored invoices outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;4. Business Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During the fiscal year 2019, the&#13;Company completed the following acquisitions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Craft Canning + Bottling&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On January 11, 2019, the Company&#13;completed the acquisition of Craft Canning &amp;#38; Bottling, LLC (&amp;#8220;Craft Canning&amp;#8221;), a Portland, Oregon-based provider of bottling&#13;and canning services. The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 include Craft Canning&amp;#8217;s&#13;results of operations from the acquisition date of January 11, 2019 through December 31, 2019. The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial&#13;statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC Topic 805 - &lt;i&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/i&gt;, whereby&#13;the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition&#13;date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following allocation of the&#13;purchase price was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Consideration given:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;338,212 shares of common stock valued at $6.10 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total value of acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets and liabilities acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trade receivables, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - customer list&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Intangible assets are recorded&#13;at estimated fair value, as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the customer list intangible&#13;asset was determined through the use of the income approach, specifically the relief from royalty and the multi-period excess earning&#13;methods. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible asset value included management&amp;#8217;s estimates&#13;of future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate rate of return which is based on the weighted average cost of capital for both the&#13;Company and other market participants, projected customer attrition rates, as well as applicable royalty rates for comparable assets.&#13;The useful lives for intangible assets were determined based upon the remaining useful economic lives of the tangible assets that are&#13;expected to contribute directly or indirectly to future cash flows. The customer relationships estimated useful life is seven years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company incurred Craft Canning-related&#13;acquisition costs of $0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2019 that have been recorded in general and administrative expenses&#13;in the consolidated statements of operations. The results of the Craft Canning acquisition are included in the consolidated financial&#13;statements from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2019. The revenue and net income (including transaction costs) of Craft Canning&#13;operations included in the consolidated statements of operations were $7.1 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for the period from&#13;January 11, 2019 through December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Azu&amp;#241;ia Tequila&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On September 12, 2019, the Company&#13;completed the acquisition of the Azu&amp;#241;ia brand, the direct sales team, existing product inventory, supply chain relationships and&#13;contractual agreements from Intersect Beverage, LLC (&amp;#8220;Intersect&amp;#8221;), an importer and distributor of tequila and related products.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019 include the Azu&amp;#241;ia assets and&#13;results of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Azu&amp;#241;ia results of operations are included from the acquisition date&#13;of September 12, 2019 through December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The acquisition was structured&#13;as an all-stock transaction, provided that the Company may, at its election, pay a portion of the consideration in cash or by executing&#13;a three-year promissory note if the issuance of stock would require the Company to hold a vote of its stockholders under the applicable&#13;Nasdaq rules. Subject to compliance with applicable Nasdaq rules, the initial consideration, will be payable approximately 18 months following&#13;the closing and will consist of 850,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a stipulated value of $6.00 per share, 350,000 shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock based on the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price twelve months after the close of the transaction, and additional&#13;shares based on the Azu&amp;#241;ia business achieving certain revenue targets and the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price 18 months after the close&#13;of the transaction. The Company has also agreed to issue additional stock consideration (subject to compliance with applicable Nasdaq&#13;rules) of up to $1.5 million upon the Azu&amp;#241;ia business achieving revenue of at least $9.45 million in the period commencing on the&#13;13th month following the closing and ending on the 24th month following the closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated&#13;financial statements reflect the final purchase accounting adjustments in accordance with ASC Topic 805, whereby the purchase price was&#13;allocated to the assets acquired based upon their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The Company estimated the purchase price&#13;based on weighted probabilities of future results and recorded deferred consideration payable of $12.8 million on the acquisition date&#13;that will be remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingencies are resolved, with the changes in fair value recognized&#13;in earnings. The Company remeasured the deferred consideration payable for the period ended December 31, 2019 and increased the liability&#13;by $2.7 million to a balance of $15.5 million. No adjustment was made to the deferred consideration payable for the period ended December&#13;31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following allocation of the&#13;purchase price was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Consideration given:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred consideration payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total value of acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets - brand&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Intangible assets are recorded&#13;at estimated fair value, as determined by management based on available information. The fair value assigned to the brand intangible asset&#13;was determined through the use of the market approach. The major assumptions used in arriving at the estimated identifiable intangible&#13;asset value included category averages for comparable acquisitions, including multiples of annual sales and dollars per case sold. The&#13;brand has an indefinite life and will not be amortized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company incurred Azu&amp;#241;ia-related&#13;acquisition costs of $0.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2019 that have been recorded in general and administrative expenses&#13;in the consolidated statements of operations. The results of the Azu&amp;#241;ia asset acquisition are included in the consolidated financial&#13;statements from the date of acquisition through December 31, 2019. The sales of Azu&amp;#241;ia products included in the consolidated statements&#13;of operations were $1.1 million for the period from September 12, 2019 through December 31, 2019. Sales were $2.9 million for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pro Forma Financial Information&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following unaudited pro forma&#13;consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 assume that both acquisitions of Craft Canning &amp;#38; Bottling&#13;and Azu&amp;#241;ia were completed on January 1, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(20,350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;5. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Inventories consisted of&#13;the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;6. Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Property and equipment&#13;consisted of the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Purchases of property and&#13;equipment totaled $0.5 million and $2.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Depreciation expense&#13;totaled $1.7 million and $1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;7. Intangible Assets and Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Intangible assets and&#13;goodwill consisted of the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permits and licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Azu&amp;#241;ia brand&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,247&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;8. Other Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Other assets consisted of&#13;the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Product branding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,197&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other assets, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During 2020, it was determined&#13;that certain costs related to branding services previously capitalized had no further value and were written off. The net value&#13;of these services at the time of the write down was $0.4 million. The remaining deposits of $0.1 million represent office and retail&#13;space lease deposits. In September 2020, the Company had received the remaining balance of the notes receivable from Wineonline.com.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;9. Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company has various&#13;lease agreements in place for facilities and equipment. Terms of these leases include, in some instances, scheduled rent increases,&#13;renewals, purchase options and maintenance costs, and vary by lease. These lease obligations expire at various dates through 2025.&#13;The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. The Company does not currently have any finance leases. As the&#13;rate implicit in each lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on information available&#13;at commencement to determine the present value of the lease payments. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized&#13;at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months&#13;or less (&amp;#8220;short-term leases&amp;#8221;) are not recorded on the balance sheet and are recognized on a straight-line basis over&#13;the lease term. In September 2020, the Company entered into two new lease agreements for canning and bottling production facilities&#13;in Seattle and Denver. Both leases contain fixed payments that increase over the term of their respective agreement. As of December&#13;31, 2020, the amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities were $1.3 million and $1.3 million, respectively. Aggregate lease&#13;expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was $0.8 million, consisting of $0.5 million in operating lease expense for lease&#13;liabilities and $0.3 million in short-term lease cost.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities&#13;as of December 31, 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. Notes Payable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Notes payable consisted of the&#13;following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2021. Interest is paid monthly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start of loan. To help ensure adequate liquidity in light of uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company received this loan under the Small Business Administration&amp;#8217;s (&amp;#8220;SBA&amp;#8221;) Paycheck Protection Program (&amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 1.00%. The notes&amp;#8217; principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due May 1, 2022. Loan payments are deferred six months from start of loan. The Company received this loan under the SBA&amp;#8217;s PPP.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible note payable bearing interest at 9.00%. The note principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due December 31, 2020. The note has a voluntary conversion feature where in the event of an equity offering of at least $1.0 million at a purchase price of at least $4.25 (subject to adjustment), the noteholder shall have the right to participate in the financing by converting all outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest on this note into the securities to be sold in the offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Notes payable bearing interest at 5.00%. Principal and accrued interest is payable in six equal installments on each six-month anniversary of the issuance date of January 11, 2019. The notes are secured by the security interests and subordinated to the Company&amp;#8217;s senior indebtedness.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 5.2%. The note has a 46-month term with maturity in May 2023. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 4.45%. The note has a 34-month term with maturity in May 2022. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning and includes debt covenants requiring a Current Ratio of 1.75 to 1.00 and a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of 1.25 to 1.00. Craft Canning must also provide annual financial statements and tax returns. Craft Canning was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable under a revolving line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 5.5%. The note has a 12-month term with principal and accrued interest due in lump sum in July 2020. The borrowing limit is $0.3 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable under a revolving line of credit bearing variable interest starting at 3.25%. The note has a 15-month term with principal and accrued interest due in lump sum in January 2022. The borrowing limit is $0.5 million. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 4.14%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in July 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 3.91%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in August 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory note payable bearing interest of 3.96%. The note has a 60-month term with maturity in November 2024. Principal and accrued interest are paid in accordance with a monthly amortization schedule. The note is secured by the assets of Craft Canning.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Secured line of credit promissory note for a revolving line of credit in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Note matures on April 15, 2020 and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. Repayment of the Note is subject to acceleration in the event of an event of default. The Company may use the proceeds to purchase tequila for its Azu&amp;#241;ia product line and for general corporate purposes, as approved by the Holder. The obligations of the Company under the Note are secured by certain inventory of the Company and its subsidiaries and the Company&amp;#8217;s membership interests in Craft Canning. In addition, the Note is guaranteed by the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries Craft Canning and Big Bottom Distilling. The Note and the accompanying guaranty restrict Craft Canning from incurring any new indebtedness, other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course of business, until the Note is repaid in full. The obligations under the Note are subordinate and junior in right and priority of payment to the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations under the Company&amp;#8217;s Credit and Security Agreement with the KFK Children&amp;#8217;s Trust dated May 10, 2018. The Note was paid in full in January 2020.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Promissory notes payable bearing interest between 2.99% - 3.14%. The notes have 60-month terms with maturity dates between February 2019 &amp;#8211; June 2020. Principal and accrued interest are paid monthly. The notes are secured by the specific vehicle underlying the loan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company paid $0.1 million&#13;and $0.2 million in interest on its notes payable during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Maturities on notes payable as&#13;of December 31, 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;11. Secured Credit Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On January 15, 2020, the&#13;Company entered into a loan agreement (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Loan Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) between the Company which includes its wholly-owned&#13;subsidiaries MotherLode LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Big Bottom Distilling, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company,&#13;Craft Canning + Bottling, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company, Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co., LLC, a Tennessee limited liability&#13;company, and Outlandish Beverages LLC, an Oregon limited liability company collectively, (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Borrowers&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221; and&#13;each a &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Borrower&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) and Live Oak Banking Company (&amp;#8220;Live Oak&amp;#8221;), a North Carolina banking corporation&#13;(the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Lender&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) to refinance existing debt of the Borrowers and to provide funding for general working capital&#13;purposes. Under the Loan Agreement, the Lender has committed to make up to two loan advances to the Borrowers in an aggregate&#13;principal amount not to exceed the lesser of (i) $8.0 million and (ii) a borrowing base equal to 85% of the appraised value of the&#13;Borrowers&amp;#8217; eligible inventory of whisky in barrels or totes less an amount equal to all service fees or rental payments owed&#13;by the Borrowers during the 90 day period immediately succeeding the date of determination to any warehouses or bailees holding&#13;eligible inventory (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Loan&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Loan matures on January&#13;14, 2021 and all amounts outstanding under the Loan will become due and payable. The Lender may at any time demand repayment of&#13;the Loan in whole or in part, in which case the Borrowers will be obligated to repay the Loan (or portion thereof for which repayment&#13;is demanded) within 30 days following the date of demand. The Borrowers may prepay the Loan, in whole or in part, at any time without&#13;penalty or premium.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Loan bears interest&#13;at a rate equal to the prime rate plus a spread of 2.49%, adjusted quarterly. Accrued interest is payable monthly, with the final&#13;installment of interest being due and payable on the Maturity Date. The Borrowers are also obligated to pay a servicing fee, unused&#13;commitment fee and origination fee in connection with the Loan. The Company paid $0.4 million in interest during the year ended&#13;December 31, 2020. The balance of the Loan was $6.4 million as of December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Loan Agreement contains&#13;affirmative and negative covenants that include covenants restricting each Company&amp;#8217;s ability to, among other things, incur&#13;indebtedness, grant liens, dispose of assets, merge or consolidate, make investments, or enter into restrictive agreements, subject&#13;to certain exceptions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The obligations of the&#13;Borrowers under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of their respective assets, except for accounts receivable&#13;and certain other specified excluded property.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Loan Agreement includes&#13;customary events of default that include among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, inaccuracy of representations&#13;and warranties, cross default to material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and change in control defaults. Under&#13;certain circumstances, a default interest rate will apply on all obligations during the existence of an event of default under&#13;the Loan Agreement at a per annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interest rate.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In connection with the&#13;Loan Agreement, the Company issued to the Lender a warrant to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&#13;at an initial exercise price of $3.94 per share (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Warrant&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;). The Warrant expires on January 15, 2025. In&#13;connection with the issuance of the Warrant, the Company granted the Lender piggy-back registration rights with respect to the&#13;shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, subject to certain exceptions. On June 3, 2020, the Company entered&#13;into a Modification Agreement with Live Oak that made changes to the Financial Reports and Other Data Section and restated Exhibit&#13;B.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On January 16, 2020, in&#13;connection with the Company&amp;#8217;s consummation of the Loan Agreement, Eastside repaid in full and terminated the Secured Line&#13;of Credit Promissory Note that Eastside had issued to TQLA, LLC (&amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;Holder&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;) on November 29, 2019 (the &amp;#8220;&lt;u&gt;TQLA&#13;Note&lt;/u&gt;&amp;#8221;). Since Eastside repaid the TQLA Note in full prior to its maturity date, the Common Stock Purchase Warrant that&#13;Eastside had issued to Holder on November 29, 2019 is not be exercisable and is cancelled. No prepayment or early termination penalties&#13;were incurred by Eastside as a result of repaying the TQLA Note. In addition, Eastside repaid in full and terminated the $3.0 million&#13;credit and security agreement (the &amp;#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&amp;#8221;), by and between the Company and The KFK Children&amp;#8217;s&#13;Trust, Jeffrey Anderson &amp;#8211; Trustee (the &amp;#8220;Lender&amp;#8221;). The Company paid $0.1 million in interest on the TQLA Note&#13;and the Credit and Security Agreement during the first quarter of 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On May 13, 2020, Live Oak&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Lender&amp;#8221;) notified the Company that it was in technical default under certain covenants in a loan agreement, dated&#13;January 15, 2020, between the Company, Motherlode LLC, Big Bottom Distilling, LLC, Craft Canning + Bottling LLC, RRWC, Outlandish&#13;Beverages LLC, and Live Oak (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;). Those technical defaults included the failure to timely deliver&#13;information and its belief that the Company owed certain taxes and did not relate to any failure to pay amounts owing under the&#13;Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement provides that upon an event of default, the Lender may, at its option, declare the entire loan&#13;to be immediately due and payable. Further, a default interest rate may apply on all obligations during the existence of an event&#13;of default at a per annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interest rate. On June 3, 2020 the Company entered into a Second&#13;Modification to Loan Agreement (&amp;#8220;Modification&amp;#8221;) with the Lender agreeing to waive the technical defaults upon the satisfaction&#13;of certain conditions by September 30, 2020. The Company complied with these conditions and was compliant with the terms of&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On May 10, 2018, the Company&#13;entered into a credit and security agreement (the &amp;#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&amp;#8221;), by and between the Company and&#13;The KFK Children&amp;#8217;s Trust, Jeffrey Anderson &amp;#8211; Trustee (the &amp;#8220;Lender&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Credit and Security&#13;Agreement, the Lender will make loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $3.0 million (the &amp;#8220;Loans&amp;#8221;).&#13;The Loans are secured by all of the Company&amp;#8217;s bulk whiskey, bourbon and rye inventory held in third-party storage facilities&#13;(&amp;#8220;Specified Inventory&amp;#8221;). The Company may borrow 80% of the value of the Specified Inventory it is able to purchase&#13;under the Credit and Security Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The proceeds of the Loans&#13;are to be used by the Company to purchase the Specified Inventory for use in distilling and producing its spirits products, and&#13;for no other purpose.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Loans have an annual&#13;interest rate of 7.00%. The Company will pay accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, for the period commencing on the date each&#13;such Loan is made and continuing until each such Loan is paid in full. During 2019, The Company paid $0.2 million in interest on&#13;the Loans. The Company must pay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in a one-time payment on the termination date of&#13;the Credit and Security Agreement (June 10, 2021), or earlier pursuant to other provisions thereof. The Company may prepay the&#13;Loans or any portion thereof at any time, and from time to time, without premium or penalty. As of December 31, 2019, the Company&#13;has borrowed the full $3.0 million available under the agreement. The Loans were paid in full on January 30, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;12. Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The provision for income&#13;taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The provision (benefit) for&#13;income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows, assuming a 21% federal effective tax rate. The Company&#13;also has a state tax rate for Oregon, of 6.6% for both December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The provision of income&#13;taxes for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The components of the net&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16,618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(15,310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12,725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of December 31, 2020,&#13;the Company has a cumulative net operating loss carryforward (NOL) of approximately $47.6 million, to offset against future income&#13;for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20 and 15 years, respectively. The&#13;federal NOLs begin to expire in 2034, and the state NOLs begin to expire in 2029. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards&#13;may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to ownership change provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended,&#13;the Internal Revenue Code) and similar state provisions. In general, if the Company experiences a greater than 50 percentage aggregate&#13;change in ownership of certain significant stockholders over a three-year period (a &amp;#8220;Section 382 ownership change&amp;#8221;),&#13;utilization of its pre-change NOL carryforwards are subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code&#13;(and similar state laws). The annual limitation generally is determined by multiplying the value of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock at&#13;the time of such ownership change (subject to certain adjustments) by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Such limitations&#13;may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization and may be substantial.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;13. Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Legal Matters&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On December 15, 2020, Grover Wickersham&#13;filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District Court of Oregon against the Company.&amp;#160; Mr. Wickersham, the&#13;former CEO and Chairman of the Board of the Company, has asserted causes of action for fraud in the inducement, breach of contract, breach&#13;of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, interference with economic advantage, elder financial abuse, and dissemination&#13;of false and misleading proxy materials&amp;#160; The Company disputes the allegations and intends to defend the case vigorously.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;14. Net Loss per Common Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;15. Stockholder&amp;#8217;s Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During 2020, the Company&#13;issued 706,987 shares of common stock to directors, employees and consultants for stock-based compensation of $1.0 million. The&#13;shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant, within the range of&#13;$1.08 to $3.20 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During 2019, the Company&#13;issued 291,099 shares of common stock to directors, employees and consultants for stock-based compensation of $1.7 million. The&#13;shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant, within the range of&#13;$3.68 to $6.13 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In September 2019, the&#13;Company issued 280,555 units (the &amp;#8220;Units&amp;#8221;) in connection with a private offering at a per Unit price of $4.50 per share,&#13;resulting in net proceeds of $1.3 million. Each Unit consists of one share of Eastside&amp;#8217;s common stock and a three-year warrant&#13;to acquire 0.5 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.50 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In April 2019, the Company&#13;issued 1,077 shares of common stock in connection with existing option exercises at an exercise price of $3.99.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On January 11, 2019, the&#13;Company issued 338,212 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning for a total consideration of&#13;$2.1 million.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On September 8, 2016, the&#13;Company adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2016 Plan&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the terms of the plan, on January 1,&#13;2020, the number of shares available for grant under the 2016 Plan reset to 2,887,005 shares, equal to 8% of the number of outstanding&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s capital stock, calculated on an as-converted basis, on December 31 of the preceding calendar year,&#13;and then added to the prior year plan amount. As of December 31, 2020, there were 134,514 options and 1,079,039 restricted stock&#13;units (&amp;#8220;RSUs&amp;#8221;) issued under the 2016 Plan, with vesting schedules varying between immediate or three (3) years from&#13;the grant date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On January 29, 2015, our&#13;Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2015 Plan&amp;#8221;). The total number of shares available for&#13;the grant of either stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 50,000 shares, subject to adjustment. As of December&#13;31, 2020, no options under the Plan remain outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company also issues,&#13;from time to time, options that are not registered under a formal option plan. As of December 31, 2020, there were no options outstanding&#13;that were not issued under the Plans.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;A summary of all stock&#13;option activity at and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;# of Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding as of December 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;895,858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(187,590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding as of December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;784,101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(671,587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding as of December 31, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;134,514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable as of December 31, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88,222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The aggregate intrinsic&#13;value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2020 was $0 million.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of December 31, 2020,&#13;there were 46,292 unvested options with an aggregate grant date fair value of $0.1 million. The unvested options will vest in accordance&#13;with the vesting schedule in each respective option agreement, which varies between immediate and five (5) years from the grant&#13;date. The aggregate intrinsic value of unvested options as of December 31, 2020 was $0 million. During the year ended December&#13;31, 2020, 39,222 options vested.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options issued to employees&#13;is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are recorded&#13;at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards vest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;To determine the fair value&#13;of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model, the calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise price of the option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term of the option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected volatility over the expected term of the option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The calculation includes&#13;several assumptions that require management&amp;#8217;s judgment. The expected term of the options is calculated using the simplified&#13;method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting&#13;period. Estimated volatility is derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar&#13;entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on&#13;the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company did not issue&#13;any additional options during the year ended December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following weighted-average&#13;assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The weighted-average grant-date&#13;fair value per share of stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 was $0.75. The aggregate grant date fair&#13;value of the 22,000 options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 was $0 million.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;For the years ended December&#13;31, 2020 and 2019, net compensation expense related to stock options was $0.3 million and $0.8 million, respectively. As of December&#13;31, 2020, the total compensation expense related to stock options not yet recognized was approximately $0.1 million, which is expected&#13;to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.35 years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During the year ended December&#13;31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 100,000 common stock in connection with the Secured Credit Facility from Live Oak.&#13;The estimated fair value of the warrants of $0.1 million was recorded as debt issuance cost and will be amortized to interest expense&#13;over the maturity period of the secured credit facility, with $0.1 million recorded the year ended December 31, 2020. Warrants&#13;issued to three shareholders during 2017 and 2018 vest quarterly for three years and resulted in $0 worth of amortization expense&#13;for the year ended December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The estimated fair value&#13;of the warrants at issuance was based on a combination of closing market trading price on the date of issuance for the public offering&#13;warrants, and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the weighted-average assumptions below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;No warrants were exercised&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;A summary of activity in&#13;warrants was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;16. Related Party Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following is a description&#13;of transactions since January 1, 2019 as to which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $0.1 million or one percent (1%) of&#13;the average of total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years which was $0.3 million and in which any related&#13;person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity, compensation, termination and other arrangements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On June 11, 2019, the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Board appointed Owen Lingley to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately. Owen Lingley is the founder&#13;of Craft Canning, LLC, which was acquired by the Company on January 11, 2019 and subsequently changed its name to Craft Canning&#13;+ Bottling LLC. In connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning, Mr. Lingley received $1.8 million in cash, 338,212 shares&#13;of common stock of the Company and a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.7 million which bears interest at&#13;a rate of 5% per annum and matures on January 11, 2022. The shares acquired by Mr. Lingley in connection with the acquisition of&#13;Craft Canning are subject to a one-year lock-up restriction and have &amp;#8220;piggyback&amp;#8221; registration rights effective after&#13;the one-year lock-up. Mr. Lingley resigned from the Board on November 18, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In addition, the Company&#13;also issued to Mr. Lingley a warrant to purchase 146,262 shares of common stock of the Company at $7.80 per share and an exercise&#13;period of three years. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant will be subject to the same &amp;#8220;piggyback&amp;#8221;&#13;registration rights as the shares received in connection with the acquisition of Craft Canning, described above.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Following the acquisition&#13;of Craft Canning, Mr. Lingley became non-executive Chairman of Craft Canning and is party to a consulting agreement with the Company.&#13;Under his consulting agreement with the Company, Mr. Lingley receives annual cash compensation of $0.1 million per year. Mr. Lingley&#13;resigned as non-executive Chairman of Craft Canning in January 2020, and under the terms of his consulting agreement 146,262 warrants&#13;were cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On October 24, 2019, the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s Board appointed Stephanie Kilkenny to the Board to fill an existing vacancy on the Board effective immediately.&#13;Stephanie Kilkenny was the former managing director of Azu&amp;#241;ia Tequila, and together with her spouse, owns and controls TQLA,&#13;LLC (&amp;#8220;TQLA&amp;#8221;), the majority owner of Intersect. In connection with the acquisition of Azu&amp;#241;ia Tequila from Intersect,&#13;TQLA is entitled to receive up to 93.88% of the aggregate consideration payable under the asset purchase agreement. Subject to&#13;compliance with applicable Nasdaq rules, aggregate initial consideration will be payable approximately 18 months following the&#13;closing and will consist of 850,000 shares of Company common stock at a stipulated value of $6.00 per share, 350,000 shares of&#13;Company common stock based on the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price twelve months after the close of the transaction, and additional&#13;shares based on the Azu&amp;#241;ia business achieving certain revenue targets and the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price 18 months after&#13;the close of the transaction. The Company has also agreed to issue additional stock consideration (subject to compliance with applicable&#13;Nasdaq rules) of up to $1.5 million upon the Azu&amp;#241;ia business achieving revenue of at least $9.45 million in the period commencing&#13;on the 13th month following the closing and ending on the 24th month following the closing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In addition, on September&#13;16, 2019, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Stephanie Kilkenny&amp;#8217;s spouse, Patrick J. Kilkenny as Trustee&#13;For Patrick J. Kilkenny Revocable Trust (the &amp;#8220;Kilkenny Trust&amp;#8221;), in reliance on the exemption from registration afforded&#13;by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue&#13;and sell to the Kilkenny Trust an aggregate of 55,555 units at a per unit price of $4.50. Each unit consists of one share of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s common stock and a three-year warrant to acquire 0.5 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.50 per share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Effective November 29,&#13;2019, the Company issued to TQLA, a California limited liability company (&amp;#8220;Holder&amp;#8221;), a Secured Line of Credit Promissory&#13;Note (the &amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;) for a revolving line of credit in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 million. The Note matures&#13;on April 15, 2020 and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium. Repayment of the Note is subject&#13;to acceleration in the event of an event of default. The Company may use the proceeds to purchase tequila for its Azu&amp;#241;ia product&#13;line and for general corporate purposes, as approved by the Holder. As of December 31, 2019, the Company has borrowed $1.0 million&#13;on the Note. Stephanie Kilkenny, a director of the Company, owns and controls TQLA with her spouse. The Company&amp;#8217;s Audit Committee&#13;approved the transaction. The Note was paid in full in January 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In August 2020, the Company&#13;entered into discussions with Intersect and TQLA to address potential changes to the deferred consideration for the Azu&amp;#241;ia&#13;acquisition and received a deposit of $0.3 million in cash. In November 2020, Intersect and TQLA sent the Company a second deposit&#13;bringing the total outstanding amount deposited to $0.7 million. Subsequent to December 31, 2020, the full deposit of $0.7 million&#13;was repaid.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;17. Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nasdaq compliance&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On August 20, 2020, Nasdaq&#13;notified the Company that it no longer complied with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) because its reported stockholder&amp;#8217;s equity of&#13;$2.4 million as of June 30, 2020 was below the minimum stockholder&amp;#8217;s equity of $2.5 million set forth in the Nasdaq Listing Rule&#13;by $0.1 million. The Company believes it has regained compliance with Nasdaq&amp;#8217;s stockholders&amp;#8217; equity requirement based upon&#13;the specific transactions and events following December 31, 2020. Nasdaq will continue to monitor the Company&amp;#8217;s ongoing compliance&#13;with the stockholders&amp;#8217; equity requirement and, if at the time of its next periodic report if the Company does not evidence compliance,&#13;the Company may be subject to delisting. The events that have enabled the Company to regain compliance with this regulation are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 29, 2021, the SBA notified the Company that it approved the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;request for full forgiveness of the PPP note payable in the principal amount of $1.4 million. As a result of the SBA&amp;#8217;s decision&#13;to approve the Company&amp;#8217;s request for forgiveness, the SBA paid the entire outstanding balance of the PPP loan, which is now considered&#13;paid in full and has resulted in an increase in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity of $1.4 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On February 2, 2021, RRWC entered into a Termination and Inventory Purchase&#13;Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Termination Agreement&amp;#8221;) with RSG, pursuant to which, on February 5, 2021, RRWC sold all of its inventory of&#13;Redneck Riviera, Granny Rich, and Howdy Dew distilled spirits products, including finished goods, raw materials, and barrel inventory,&#13;as well as all assignable certificates of label approval/exemption, branding, permits, and registrations relating thereto, for $4.7 million.&#13;In addition, Eastside terminated its Amended and Restated License Agreement (the &amp;#8220;License Agreement&amp;#8221;) dated May 31, 2018 by&#13;and among Eastside, RRWC, Rich Marks, LLC, and John D. Rich TISA Trust U/A/D March 27, 2018, Dwight P. Miles, Trustee in exchange for&#13;$3.0 million. In connection with the Termination Agreement, the Company entered into a Supplier Agreement dated as of February 2, 2021&#13;with RSG, pursuant to which the Company will produce certain products and perform specified services for RSG for a six (6) month period&#13;on the terms and conditions set forth in the Supplier Agreement. The Company did not incur any penalties as a result of the termination&#13;of the License Agreement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On February 10, 2021, the Company issued 1.2 million shares of its common&#13;stock (the &amp;#8220;Shares&amp;#8221;) to certain affiliates of Intersect pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated September 12, 2019 by&#13;and between the Company and Intersect in respect of the Azu&amp;#241;ia Tequila acquisition. The Shares constitute the &amp;#8220;Fixed Shares&amp;#8221;&#13;due to Intersect pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company offered and sold the Shares&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;pursuant&#13;to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;)&#13;on August 17, 2018 and declared effective by the SEC on August 29, 2018 (File No. 333-226912), and the base prospectus dated as of August&#13;17, 2018 contained therein. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Extension of term and reductions in debt &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to that certain&#13;loan agreement (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Live Oak to extend the maturity date to April 13, 2021. All other material terms&#13;of the Loan Agreement remain unchanged.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On February 5, 2021, the Company repaid $3.4 million of the secured credit&#13;facility with Live Oak, reducing the principal balance to $3.0 million at that date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On February 5, 2021, the Company repaid other liabilities due to Intersect&#13;and TQLA in an amount of $0.7 million. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 22, 2021, the Company was notified by the Alcohol and Tobacco&#13;Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB) that it will conduct a tax review of Motherlode, LLC, Eastside Distilling, Inc and Big Bottom Distilling, LLC&#13;for the period January 2019 to present. The purpose of the examination is to determine whether the distilled spirits plant is in compliance&#13;with certain applicable federal laws and regulations relating to the production and payment of excise tax of distilled spirits, and review&#13;internal controls and systems, and records examination. In connection with the examination, the Company recorded $0.1 million of additional&#13;excise taxes as of December 31, 2020. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 6pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;On January 19, 2021, the Company issued 47,292 shares of common stock under&#13;the 2016 Plan to directors for stock-based compensation of $0.1 million. The shares were valued using the closing share price of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock on the date of the grant of $1.50 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Net sales include product&#13;sales, less excise taxes and customer programs and incentives. The Company recognizes revenue by applying the following steps in&#13;accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 606 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;:&#13;(1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction&#13;price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance&#13;obligation is satisfied.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customer Programs &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Excise Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Sales and Marketing Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;General and Administrative Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company reports discontinued&#13;operations by applying the following criteria in accordance with ASC Topic 205-20 &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements&#13;&amp;#8211; Discontinued Operations&lt;/i&gt;: (1) Component of an entity; (2) Held for sale criteria; and (3) Strategic shift.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On December 31, 2019, management&#13;made a strategic shift to focus the Company&amp;#8217;s sales and marketing efforts on the nationally branded product platform, resulting&#13;in the decision to close all four of its retail stores in the Portland, Oregon area. Although this decision meets the criteria&#13;(1) and (3) for reporting discontinued operations, it did not meet the (2) Held for sale criteria until the retail stores were&#13;closed or abandoned, which occurred by March 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On October 29, 2020, the&#13;Company announced its intent to divest its Redneck Riviera Spirits business. The Company signed a non-binding term sheet between&#13;Eastside and Rich Marks, LLC, Redneck Riviera Whiskey Co, LLC (&amp;#8220;RRWC&amp;#8221;), John D. Rich Tisa Trust and Redneck Spirits&#13;Group, LLC (collectively the buyers referred to as &amp;#8220;RSG&amp;#8221;) whereby RSG would pay a termination fee as well as purchase&#13;certain assets from the Company which could include raw materials and finished goods. The total consideration was estimated to&#13;be $8.1 million inclusive of a $3 million dollar termination fee and the remainder of proceeds from selling RSG raw materials and&#13;finished goods. The divesture is subject to negotiation and execution of definitive agreements. On February 8, 2021, the Company&#13;completed the sale of its Redneck Riviera Spirits business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of and for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2020, the assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows from retail operations and the RRWC business&#13;have been classified as discontinued operations separately from continuing operations. For comparative purposes, prior period amounts&#13;have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Income and expense related&#13;to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less customer programs and excise taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sales and marketing expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss on disposal of property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total other expense, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Assets and liabilities&#13;related to discontinued retail operations and the Redneck Riviera Spirits business were as follows as of December 31, 2020 and&#13;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;GAAP defines fair value,&#13;establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits&#13;an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement&#13;presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. As of December&#13;31, 2020 and 2019, management has not elected to report any of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets or liabilities at fair value under the&#13;&amp;#8220;fair value option&amp;#8221; provided by GAAP.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The hierarchy of fair value&#13;valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, whereas Level&#13;3, if applicable, generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities&#13;under GAAP&amp;#8217;s fair value measurement requirements are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using cash or unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement and reflect management&amp;#8217;s own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;None of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;assets or liabilities were measured at fair value as of December 31, 2020 or 2019. However, GAAP requires the disclosure of fair&#13;value information about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of&#13;trade receivables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, notes payable, convertible note payable and the secured credit facility.&#13;The estimated fair value of trade receivables, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due&#13;to the short period of time to their maturities. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company&amp;#8217;s notes are payable at fixed&#13;rates and their carrying value approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Items Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring&#13;Basis&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets / Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-lived Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The provision for income&#13;taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &amp;#8220;asset and liability method&amp;#8221;&#13;for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable&#13;to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&#13;Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred&#13;tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As changes in tax laws&#13;or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance,&#13;if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company established&#13;valuation allowances against its net deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Income tax positions that&#13;meet the &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that&#13;is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated&#13;with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized&#13;income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would&#13;be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits&#13;would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized&#13;income tax benefits, nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits, accrued or expensed at and&#13;for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable Factoring Program&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Inventories consisted of&#13;the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Property and equipment&#13;consisted of the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Intangible assets and goodwill&#13;consisted of the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Other assets consisted of&#13;the following as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Maturities on notes payable as&#13;of December 31, 2020 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The provision of income&#13;taxes for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The components of the net&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following weighted-average&#13;assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;1. Description of Business&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Eastside Distilling&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Eastside Distilling) was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 2004 under the name of Eurocan&#13;Holdings, Ltd. In December 2014, the Company changed its corporate name to Eastside Distilling, Inc. to reflect the acquisition of Eastside&#13;Distilling, LLC. The Company manufactures, acquires, blends, bottles, imports, exports, markets and sells a wide variety of alcoholic&#13;beverages under recognized brands. The Company currently employ&amp;#160;78&amp;#160;people in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;2. Liquidity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Historically,&#13;the Company has funded its cash and liquidity needs through operating cash flow, convertible notes, extended credit terms, and equity&#13;financings. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $9.9 million and $16.9 million,&#13;respectively, and has an accumulated deficit of approximately $54.1 million as of December 31, 2020. The Company has been dependent on&#13;raising capital from debt and equity financings to meet its needs for cash flow used in operating activities. For the year ended December&#13;31, 2020, the Company raised approximately $3.4 million in additional capital through equity and debt financing (net of repayments).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 27.35pt; word-spacing: 0px; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToOtherRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LongTermDeferredConsiderationForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_CustomerProgramsAndExciseTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServicesOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AdjustmentToAccumulatedDeficitForAdoptionOfAsc842'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServicesOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidInCapitalAmortizationOfNondealWarrantGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LossOnRemeasurementOfDeferredConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_IssuanceOfCommonStockInExchangeForServicesForRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_IncreaseDecreaseInROUAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_IncreaseDecreaseInNetLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSecuredLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_CashPaidForAmountsIncludedInMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_WarrantsIssuedInRelationToSecuredTradeCreditFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DeferredConsiderationForAcquisitionOfAzuia'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_RightofuseAssetsObtainedInExchangeForLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_SecuredCreditFacilityTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_CustomerProgramsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ExciseTaxesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_RecentlyAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPurchasePriceTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ScheduleOfWeightedaverageAssumptionsForWarrants'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_CustomerProgramsAndIncentivesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseTaxesCollected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_PaymentOfAccountReceivablesInAdvancePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_InterestChargedOnAdvancePayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_InterestChargedOnAdvancePaymentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityRevenueRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_FactoringFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=EAST_TradeReceivablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=EAST_TradeReceivablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=EAST_RSGMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpenditureDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationLessExciseTaxesCustomerProgramsAndIncentives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAdvertisingPromotionalAndSellingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationLossOnDisposalOfPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationTotalOtherExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNetLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPrepaidAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationDeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrentPortionOfLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationLeaseLiabilityLessCurrentPortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LongTermDeferredConsiderationForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_CraftCanningandBigBottomDistilleryLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_AzuniaTequilaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AdditionalCommonStockOfSharesAcquiredDuringAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LongTermDeferredConsiderationForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_AzuniaTequilaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AggregateFutureRevenuePerformanceOnAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_AzuniaTequilaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AggregateFutureRevenuePerformanceOnAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionConsiderationGivenCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionConsiderationGivenNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessCombinationValueOfAcquisitionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedRightofUseofAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCapitalLeaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedLessNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LongTermDeferredConsiderationForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_AzuniaTequilaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LongTermDeferredConsiderationForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaEarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisposals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=EAST_MotherLodeLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_NetValueOfCustomerWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=EAST_PermitsAndLicensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=EAST_AzuniaBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerListsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_GoodwillMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_NetValueOfServiceWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=EAST_OfficeAndRetailSpaceLeaseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Deposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OtherAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AccumulatedAmortizationOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=EAST_ProductBrandingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OtherAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_NotesReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OtherAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_DepositsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OtherAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_LeaseObligationsExpireDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableElevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRestrictiveCovenants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableElevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_NotePayableFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateEffectivePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_TQLANoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=EAST_LoanAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_BorrowingBasePercentageDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=EAST_LoanAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=EAST_CreditAndSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_TerminationOfLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityBorrowingCapacityDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityPeriodicPaymentInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_PercentageOfOutstandingLoanBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OperatingLossCarryforwardsYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OperatingLossCarryforwardsYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_StockholderMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=EAST_ORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_AggregateGrantDateFairValueUnvestedOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueNonvested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_PeriodOfCompensationCostRelatedToStockOptionsNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=EAST_TwoThousandAndSixteenEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdPercentageOfStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=EAST_TwoThousandAndFifteenEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=EAST_CraftCanningLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_NumberOfSharesIssuedExistingOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=EAST_PrivateOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_UnitsDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=EAST_PrivateUnitOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_DirectorsEmployeesAndConsultantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_DirectorsEmployeesAndConsultantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_DirectorsEmployeesAndConsultantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_DirectorsAndEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_DirectorsAndEmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueOfCommonStockExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeituresAndExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermBeginning'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermForfeitedAndCancelled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTermEnding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ExercisePriceMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ExcercisePriceWarrantsGrantedMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_WeightedAverageExercisePricePerShareExercisePriceWarrantsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_WeightedAverageExercisePricePerShareExercisePriceWarrantsForfeitedAndCancelled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ExercisePriceMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionsGrantedIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_PercentageOfAverageOfAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=EAST_TQLALLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=EAST_TQLALLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_SecuredLineOfCreditPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=EAST_SecuredLineOfCreditPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_MrLingleyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_NumberOfWarrantsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeBenefitsAndShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_MrLingleyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_StephanieKilkennyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_RelatedPartyTransactionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=EAST_StephanieKilkennySpouseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_NumberOfWarrantsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExciseTaxesCollected'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_EAST_TrusteeExchangeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    (  6$?U('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF



/=I_

M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
M  6$?U)NA3E%-@0  


K#9


*&.?TM2IWJG 9Y?
MG]@?\L7C8C9
P4PDW^-([\?.G4
BV+(LT2MQ_!W*!?4
7R@2E?^28_%LUW=(


M:38927$DTCR-;.8B#V:.QN7'W.1]K27.QHC3D[D(



6N-D



7M8D6D6Q5I(

MTX*Y?ZZ*]OUAX U:5-7.[ML-N3HRE-_#\N3P@

4'5N4_^ U!+
M P04      %A']2P52?@= &  #^'0  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


U+KFK&@;K


M^XMW#D6FOUR6JOT?W76VP03EC=)RU34&!2M1;?ZR;]U [#3 X4@#TC4@CVU

M3/


9^+MUFFR=)FU_=

MMI0H&

P3D?F' =]R Z\2EO6'LG%4:.X9RR[7O8'
QFN2H=5E*0C



MV7'!%QRFIX4]*:QCV&-@S($+W^USPJXNPGQ#U3B)\I5QRV*CB@V\PQATNA
.1UW4JR%Z%?
MWC,\WRE\_+C;0.W8\D4EF[9%H%K!DF0TSF;8DDP3?\[W^&:ST/R8$2S)[4
M2FKNC6O$)A\DQ)9/#CZF.','#=+SD?CYZ!!<<@8IW8% 1VS\1=C:7+91.%:S
MD9Z1Q,](!X0.,YW81,3#],YAD^1#(3TS3^8FZ_ZC@TK([Z+#1
/EPF
68

PF&#\4@1

AMAQF4/O1


$


MGWNA]SSQP+:5L1-^GC5TRLP7YNEPL@?6$I6@]!,J)@


M65




M$Z_261)$E^-RTT%N^G:YV%ZUH:)D8CNF.3U7\W'BN&;_H&'89OV%JBT3FG#8


PSE6S)B[_S3&WG3N*@C*WIOE!?^/%WU@ZH!ESQ0M;_
MT;&QC7P'K?92\;)M# 1E7C6_]+4-Q%D#'$TT(&T#

M]-5
W3B.SGF\ ^@QT9A%)N1HPXYLB+_ ?513H4R&D/Y,1E2&:QP1(S5]QQ

H$EHSZ#
(P'



I'KDJ
%TLZ



J$B=J$Z81O)
M_-%FXI-HN$7B\D
1^E4P2.]
A&[

MMU08RV'K/3GG\J[39(AO

/7R82NDEZPB'W3



$%     @ !81_4KA+[VHS!@
MBB

LA


5ZHO)?+;#&W)'Q/WN)I=7DY.5F*8DXY1E(?KJ]%[^ZTD9I0C/B3
MD@
_^PS44E:
?5$7'^*KD:4B(@F)A#*!Y=L#69 D499D'%]+HZ.33S7Q_/.3


%RSA+

M>@U^ C0#G[=LSW$6\]E$R+B4]4E4QG!]C %UQIFLF8*?^#O3R1=D?P?C9F%
MV




[JJ!@*

!07?X*Z:9Z?3R&RNAC73=
M0  KH(-FHBL&:LC9JSJ5YZ[.59!:4


MBCBA&3EO_[@'F


@
MVVEVD=KCIK9M=RRZ0E5D1M4+?23]XMO\&7A3MQ
\T%D3SPR@P_4BS(YZU'=I
6_XKQ%+U

W1


M:&EKH#+PO48?-;PXKYH!97VLZR 9/(THH'+Y*T9HB+ M]M%)EFV-AUK*!)


FGB[4PQ*GQV_F_P-0
M2P


MS6:RW-(=D1_YGC;PRX:+'5'P53S
Y%Y04IF;=O4

[D\-]?NQ.4Y


M\E:2II+G


MM

5Y/%P7CU1:

6!*BC-1NJZ
M


S1MG#]S!5*YWD1

IB+XUS[WU&

MP#P?(] CA%998$$LX-(XX3XWCQ#CN AYE
LJG#J:N4*+/!2
+=#2.-'N!(54

8?BF#/%XY1OII!A131$+KEP
5Y1



MJV3]DGSHC?C6:X5)%K^^&$8NK5:9LRNNT!3C(G1




\O(+

,ZBGF.%IEP9*H<R2-CM67+YA X64'LQ1IE@OX2-3


M2'JPQ30^@FGR




EM_#


C&/.+H7KX:K

MUEPIOC
?MQ3.L- \/N&0V+7?]$3#\V7OX/4$L#!!0    (  6$?U*06+R#
&ULI59+;QLW$+[K
M5PQ4H+ !12NME=B(90&VY2(!G
:PD_90]
#ECK2$N.2&Y$I6?GUGN(](@.U+

:/%G/8FV3%PW6'_D?TG7S)A
=;J_]6


M*%Q
7E%(6X4T\FX


M^X:!66]@%@W
_G\LWP::CN$5++@3/GB5(RR5#TJ3YGIP$@J$WW^[2-/)Y:TM

M@!$ELL!=[:P49O#)ZIQ _0CN0SZ&SX9\D%AF))Y.IK-15&KI@2R$69
]%3ST

MB6R$B*M


M;%Y+BA8W7\*V%%1!SE 359XSF5.6G
KJ8!V7(?D 1^=&T5+F;,;;.XD]19'
MW?'PFA^SAB_R2+VB!$C-'6\LK4;. R! )5!7OGKTCU@


L'Y;] SI%IB_UMCBFNK0Q_#

N@\=]#]
MRMK0;=A _S=F\1]02P,$%     @ !81_4D!&&FTT!0  X L  !@   !X;]W


^25ITW9)@*1;


=ZH#=]R_+VY


MH+WSV_86

3I8S6BU6BR?P3@;G


KW-ES&XVB17#N[I1
RV?+5\<
M5F83*-MPJG@$*&V0PAI WE;MP8HA52OSN'+Y^C/3[/E 3Z=_QG]C'Y[%/<U

MCE1+;4U'S8^B_BCHDSWKXU@+/XGTL?
_CO_=AG3^^!.).\
M&ERA[T0[A

Q]I/CK7/Z):9?I$.24ND\7*9
L'\
I2;MHA;

Z+OWAK)DD


M
EBCH@R7

M_P)02P


M_*L KG/8V#D)-;9]&*E5EM]F-\SS55




=!V(IEVEC5Z8XWL0IZ
%M#?6_U9L-YU

Z) ,R7Z&P\,395X^B
M9$+86_?--E2O@4(4 KE=4.#;&3#W['8$ZIG#SI;K<J'0-\<'KN^9\?0FA5A

-[3PU/-EC'Y


MVT(J*[)QMTY*
'%8DF&7L2JSG(74X\-.%#@XUNV$)O@-H-EFMM3B6EH[I#C
M5B0Q^FOO&L:O*]860=/GR/+RE)%0K

M HT*9*T1!?0YH2+W6_E]*'UIJ YCGXL%75

'J
MQBQMVXJFW&)@TF)4W6*+4W6L4^NK%
Z)MQ-&4DV-Y%7:T[+6\X*AA.ZM66
M-1$%!TOA@/Q.LBJ^USL\4:)94R.@ Y-@7?0]*35_Q1RF7(1S%\EK0WJA0GJ!
M)P7 -VLY#84\BFRH%: ?#Q)1AL8C#KAKPFO$#WY'J E^ 1SR+MZ')(JG
 /\



MC'JP@


T3C^W$'8(46()E2T;*7W*X\W[!6ZC/F=W*-F #
M%2I5-X=22UY89K-:ZH


*7OVZI3S+'/C^^%MPL<E^02K#$X6;W7#XA2^DDMS((%/6#


LZ]!V5OTG1S-H-)'5$D@%#XR0? ;^



MQM;]L)K@3@=



=S/8SED

[I'G4W47IIS
MX4GL$ED)K;XW



M_];

MNNVC/A_F1EGF%GJ.V. YZ5U$DH^\D$(EZJ/Q#






ZI0
M2?V)*BIS!UNS5O5$I13DU96W/_%*K]05N9SGH/^YGBAIDL)ZC;VCLL+A^RFX

2_LD/3G2D-G









M^DB@8OMCI*#&8 2EI]!0!)YL::B-R]M)4X1G;/H5_B#4S\*$W+Z?4P&86=T-


NX8NJ%'4L2L]]JX7489OI%3Y'7U
M55N:

QP
2A#C_A/7Q[[6VT#:5WZ4


Q29
M_U=7).-S*9*



MUO;C-I5=6FH [%&D7:VX$063B]S8WV%;FTPDA=B$W[



$H[5Q3V[&#L8PDY
E6\G=

M*-8 H71S)F=L??HWSW*1CR+_V+?:AF=
3T-/QDHV:@OH15-_]1.U0
&2VVUD
MM$-V*!!LO&*Z!07$_G2.$VQYAG5]8KXS$TUB[[9X*NPBV47&D)2_HC1HXLCO

V&OF_R(3WWKY[^W%?R2H35K)6L\=JH+.N@4LO
M&NH.KR@W1V(Y*$7J:C!A*2<@EFEGB]]=SJ:::BOWK0/ZR/+-*?5@-4H*2T#

B1BE?/&


58#[HJ;V+[;7NS15F7*!O)X5ZGG?+3F /9BC6IRS&\7)



Y\VRMQC
M
ENC!K
J9I(1+(H'7T0T#%B4IG1=N6T@-)JA#M1E%Y3721ICEP<



9\94(

/1_SW#4?^6



MSZ+1


M;#B:E16%]?=!4F/]]R_'L%I XWP _*8
J/79

M

B5%KJU&G@U^W41^3F5P+U5O+MVXJ@?&D:K1#=M^
M##'1Z?\-;TX]$/N*%&D0.AZC^B7\?4XT,H[4*)(0B;9








JCBW'B9.Y )E
%]UB+\%.
MVCX4?: EVN:



R9J



M: VO'UB._Z6PHO![50G7HY



8&09-?LZN
UNU6-S-E\



&


- AG/URDS

M0MRK^?E;-I6C7?*EF0GE]9:WCF_]+%@HT;X%8+ 4@;%#/4?=!(7Q&IM8]!
M'2630-9E:UL8+?@+\FO4U8@7Q&PO_RVBL!


M.M,X1V*&([TS*WB5
M E  %VD8X:9H<]*]3_:0SK2(*:C8UW#Q+<<R<3Y*VS2$E176L1 0)H4VM!E


MB(]=KXBR5PI7@N9H;'S





MO?J@#O@C+[OD=CB9;;QWQ'Y2$4Q= J]HJ!

MG

9V)0/)'WD#]#7-
MK_-[X6'H1IFQ





MP+3_28;_8E7C?@9!;XY5Y3ZN!4HW31NPOE3*=E_H@OYW



2YX
M;6R=5$MOVS 

M[T?)B9L:P;L8I$4OX\/DUKNE7XT%:*%YUI(LPHJ:YM%&)JLPIJ9D6I0TDVA
M=,TLJ;H,3:.1Y1Y4BS)HLNP9EP&Z=+;MCI=JM8*+G&KP;1US?3+&H7:KX(X
<U2L.5!(W%*KB*%^N)\_<.WSGNS8D


\_#H38=)'F/@(

MD VH?UCO4%
/%X
/&[IEV@78O5&B9S\]&WEC[QI\$]V]
!+!
MWSH;GHQIC;KTR^B*:J7M)K:W]OM^U8WYJWOW6-PQ77)I0&!!T&@TFP:@NP7L
M%*L:/_0[96F%O%C1FX7:.=!]H90]*BY _PJF?P!02P,$%     @ !81_4NAG
M2_^/ P  H@@  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

V
M$+WK5PR

M^


M/BCQ!R]MM1K-1U#BCK7?E:'G['/9^KXB6
_X5#9YN1QZ(U5M4]F/8UE]V3




L
MUY-PEDSA!J[3


MZJA*:
&


I\
 ONOFSHMY
M-[T_




6R0/?X2=
6@-
)G#;TKE#1=B'5G*
MX3RCK
.[;O'B%_#F



[JV:. 

T1_2M3#Q-X1-%'G^LO!^/2AZT)2_9B4Q4GSVBI-YE



M7BAE^XE+
/QAV/X+4$L#!!0    (  6$?U(+U(PRFP



MB!;N&R'-
JRM;6_BV!0U-LQ$JD5).Y72#;
TU8?8M!I9Z4&-B+

WC
MP
MM?!K.[U:J
X*+G&GP71-P_3#+0K5+\





V# I%%6*L12JJ@+:@$H)*CDN#V1!:T#2
M8K

K8C$Z)N4%K'

MVQP-+EEQ?[VU_DO@3ER6PN%KHS[*TM=7H_
1E+@2G?(/9OTK]GQ.V5YAE N_
ML(ZR&0D7G?.FZ94)02-U_!=/?1SV%

M:[P(5(

REZO9NHEW]'+\OASFA?.WBC
9P5_72^<M)?_O
M9VS.!YOS8'/^OZ/UK!YWUH5K18%7(VH=A_811XN?4^@Q?J@17INF%7H#M7#P
M**PTG4L4'X.H++U@7<@-;2*S !U(ZQ$(97TD@P(70)^[F3+8BE\0-LX

FN
4!9JED):(%?&JE)89^2QE*


QG@@2K7#


.%%&2T:I0PSXM0'J)/BJ
MI[F5Z$U%P$C6AK/5V=%P31E%^^N7:LGDGT*$L$@?8N:D*5P8WR];?2PD5M


M!%_3Y00[AA^&X#W7?4Q/$NP/+FF?-,KQZ01S9+\W!ZG]2Y%Q;C)X 6?9

293':V(()PD'PS/LB]Z/1N?9O/D'3<L


6_4$L#!!0


Y44B5+(G6Q%5^J?)G49;)NN+L[,/6/D D)$!




V2TCJ=59.A02;S\
^_53AL3#CN/S(AKB;$7N^PD-?R


M-V@






KO[VQ]OKPV@-1!JF4PZX;'.K+(
 $-NLVX4NRRM'! :]E%B:1% ;$C!5.EKVDJ[A_<GMY
MX:^BDU?D@\@#R1=V8X!I8%)<S@W/FO$W-S?U^X@ZX]B=OC_NU]/QC2@Y)$#



YAR(0;=I;9KS3 @!*$&PMWE*]PVP'L9]D.H\[+8'

0K 2^2UQA\(-
M[%(J^#;T%3Q9T.M#[]:0E4O:8MKMD(@R9; 5% V.'A;SPOZ7WD'2::;(2A






%

N)G1W5$C*\EV94$O

M:N*.Q@
/^7H:I-WSX
MHU$

-2ZK$!J452N

M8J/YWZVJ-]6X7U==RCF[U

MNZ.N C.0[-NZ8[H /?CB

[
 ^?9EGK HLYX,L#_H#.:#+?8TMN&RBZJDT*+8,#N#E+
M\2RT/HP@TMF6GY:FMF\EZ&A7T-'[_5[(TS[T*&(+H3__D&0O@][)T,VA;.


M?U(3C(YR;PH  




'%BS3@B7K'3=B+=_*(
].G;T3
MCF9#&OU@4WDUE-





MY
YCO@$(DAM(;(&=*!_C]&ANKQ-97(]UF!RV;.@7VA#NSH#9TB!32&FG2MV4

NKW1AJRG7:L'0GD\=HT'G


;KXH
*5CJ


?8QD&V
!K]?B(*[6OK
HZEM*_(RBU&H;'4H2]%IC+RRE**%*' B;
M[N#P4^Q]%ED%M1 U*UBC%ZW7&8<]4/AJVSUM
7=M BC;7X
AE \.5PA\QW)


MBN4@1095K;YJH&*J6OB?73ST

M?[2&?$]O

MKJ#R;84



@^7)L/:!_]D:DG66.Z+B+C*#14F@QQ0&S\I
M*:B+@CWKLD3^0W_RS3Z7?]<X2H'T949_O\*KMD 7/]/&$HXT^# F*IN%
6]

6L<D6U:J3M@=RE&-)[SP$


1GP!^=(LE[











MHAOROY8?+7Z-.I1
%:2=
EI86E[TKN*S5U




MX^\()(U $NRN%04KKZ67E^?6;(3ETT#C17 U2

XI3DI-]YB5T'.7[[5J2E(
M?)9WY


MZ;&8Q$.1C)/Q$WB3SK])P)O\HW_B6KDT-ZZR)'Z_6CAOP8@_GE Q[51
@XKI




M.S$H8L

M/^]

M'KH
T7OQ_G]^GD7]:ZQ85'$.3.5PU UJ*9:(WMR5\!BH![+3A%\\$_UX^&(R


!\Y




MO%A6GAMV4Y)
R+9
.'Z[%E!6MC2.7AG1P=.P0V2:.H@FF*2ZZQCG&;*HYG
M=:D/N=.6=2_*MP$V:D$#U()6S$@CZ*Y4P41 3*;#@
*QVE-[\&S2])[*(Z4-









M:&5E='







M.J.[

&-U\N!]=ZI3&RW
);K77H7ZL-D#%=0I!!&#L*P4D
$


M8E/#YT8#OM)(FMK A2)#UQI^X=5G/*'4*!
Y7UD=#9HP;%(?_
LKF@*
03_2
M+Y^C(PC](#D39Y0Q* O!&DM&^+D:=UYH8YFE*C0YVNK6!S]$@TR=XNE(SB=T

A&X! X.A2
5

C N

&;$/0[N






MI7_C^Q'\R8 _?B3_U',XUC20P#7/




$

M

MS8TDNB(5-_?K;V8H49(=)]E;X'#816.)Y+S/


)GM&A(C^-PW!R6G!9'IV_H7?7




16L2CAGSF^
2F_7*L]$]1?-



/LSB:OFZ9L(]:U[Q
!5-+=J6* L*;

MD!0FC

1WXXG_\/+#;]_[+8
M*)A8BTV:-2WV$<(-K$QHEC .V<WK^'+6KO-0C])$E:7$M1_B;11I#A\_07?
MT.?H]2L&?

F]


CRW#@-8;+/'.XZ#J/

M/O4C=T;R3X;R\PQ
 L=0'%QU@ M@6V+_P*YS
% _G&D;OFU#.F#7=87X;#!]


 <E*3FE#)K<%'D3
! *9 CDA$E!GD#B:0[V%*
MP0:@E67H!=5LE\KN(.
Q7JBZ- &[(%%[]/VN\$'N$7)&H[&?1.
FTBTN8[K
M_7 T1Z
9'$4F+3R&K1J7/OYYDL/J&QH/V![Z#L3MBDPL8YJW
PY!VX%]\L
MA-D*T$H6!:A-P%99X& O1Z](
Z@0E2H\I&M]C! ]2+AX3@&;@%'KRKM4O
I(
M_;;Z[
9NTK0$CX=NLA.ZOV*X4I(]'HD]26&'D&CRML8TI@8=!U7.KG;V(U]*








M0+0$;-M':
H://DRZ2



M9:FRMO.S$Q:'=CSK

M[W6VLHW.KX^SQ8CN]]Y=.&@)T2V7$@*Z$&:M
@@JG59R ;L $7^ZN+BVU+N-



M#H*#!D7L/]M
^ 

M@#*[ER+/V(GW$()

M-0.YG$Q/(V+K(Z_K*NTU#J6__:[& 2PDQ[3-DID=8+[5O#+8#C;8CD=MEN$^

&PZ7JQ(DG58^NY=E+M'Y-
M:NXM?NN ?1Q?3A4/J(@&3]5/MQBMEM'AIWO(-V.&7WG]'?569O*I;O
\)Y=



$%
M  @ !81_4FBWD

C(N



M)RY;J5*ZU-2JPIN%L:7T^&J7)ZZV2N:\J2Q.IN/Q^4DI=77T_)*??;3/+TWC

M^\M=GGC(IU4G693U(LB:WB%K



TPDP61247@:/

XI#TV]VII'ZDJAPDV2)?.[\Q

 )&RS'



M523QC?81H:2%T_SPMLKO;-K9A\@J32!^




-P@EOMGD+IR7BC1U&8G





'%YW^^O1HE*%GB
M..88/8GI]3!03RG_


RR#\[3


MWZ5KJ&RM?Z@CYQ+
(&*












6







M/N#7G0P]Q-+@

M



MP2$#2V


M1&X*[8WM1KO5$Y$V)&YC3L3FL#9_S0:HUQ=Z+@ ?6N5!Q!0( D*A'KTHE=4F

MQ



M49:R)($$AG8F0;



MI1*[H_MLM(ULRJN_@K


1:P!_]+X?2CV'NW3S41

MEZ/ZTS-


M6W8$BFUVTG2JH]BV;IO^6;UY%1^
/VJB9G!\)G%LP[_CN(60!).XHGCM*Q]J
M6FWO9_U(6G6MCM+0

[3?*-!*CX#2%J7S:1)A4
M-M]B-L$






&_RK6$LC.;UP2^4NHUUQ+]P5PE.:OD+W%0:US;HZE&V#0:<SYOA7*% ]-2

B/.U)R%3T^6;56A






*L*2_^7=_SLR?$3F;6VJ59N
6P,B7_J[XX0B0+S@]W+)BZ!5/

MF9M
!$$<$[V@'O+X3
M_^_%S#8U



M9KJ6DZF#
)8710$T:'3M) J



M]HGCXR 00]C$LE6O$D**CLW;LKYH




M+8  @H



MD+K6*]

M*?0






TMX@YG


%+^+.&D(Q=-PRE T
.VA& \CZ#S
M#[(M*0]/ALLAP5R^^;RE3.7O5S\=GD63%;\$99H'UW1H28]S4+[JM\O77.
M-'NL0A$#'G@!D69NE%0Y

D4WQHVZY1/*C3 8]FVG
^
MX.=K0P'DH!A
HQA
!_GV

O<F3

M
@ Q], +%; );M A',)6?/-P75&-1#IJM8$*YR77A
0ME

M;+[V1^2+%%64*NKFWE4


M;P^M**Q=%)6S[/.JK2D=:*RO;8&












M!E24%' PVXV#9Y/AN;&KBAJD0TGN8P DN:
IP;BWKD.\5(U85Y@6&$K50DR6






MA

M0W
5MF\X4JPW;P




HP+L7]H5\B__*27R$


\89#+7R!;JL
MD%XD.\=(



M

=9W.3;5
#$\%6RFNX_KF9ZY7?B8LF6!
HRU($#$02+$+
MN1!VWO0=

MPMA$&^CL7
K)LG;5\D$[@U*;HU1C
*W)SX:'B-JF
P.#)6^J/B*N3L!I9(?&

M9AC^^E_$43P 1[819AZB$JX].FD80IG
 $87?%


C?^
N'Z)H1ITR!J7=PKWQ %=Y-:=@
MNJ5.==*KW6M+?]W'W8'JC.ZQ3!JYD;%]^

PES@TMIL3\=0Y7D!
M(K5\JPB4PKANZ=R1/1JA!G*+

M7B=)V3#5;&QO1-WUQN[Z-4V(@/.% )[B'1MSOKK@:$X-O=C*4Z8?.XT5&)/
MXAPO,?=, Q0*/N57]#0.ST^'I]W?5N7B *UF[A2K5SD?6.W1A;Q46^=XU3D



?/

M^HOAB?9=Z(6*1APP)JR0]G8L'G[$N;_)W/B8$3(ZB/XR3IN(@0C$55)B/= 5
M=T* F318/
%%LOMFM\


]E*K6
H+J5(+=J(VOG*R<3_1;4[=N0H3.J K
M 3.])%(WI-&JH6H)CH(F+(ZG1H&P&9@&_# #AY^ZJZ!ZV-B-]FQ.[: D'-TF
MT0/N![JW6/$\,MX8AK#'O;P,XZUPR.C^J10#NE20GM#9.^8Q<*J$^4-BAK_

M ZS3UT3-'21\[$EC-R#FZ:0Y-$;\D*'-.'S3B6;FAJ8E-(Y)%^E1^'T7@6:=

$6(YB@1)'_0S7+B;^/K
ML3\#H;8+)8+ 9.*Q74  :'(T&$K%2W_3X9MZB%:ME_@^3]!FMI^](=7CP73?
MT%9I'BV@*6-__:_$S@Y.+5

O)DV'+R:%









M4/Q&XO#







RKG!S#,2
MLJ$)JC%!]B8X+;-',BXK,7V ._$H:!/6E5#:-C4FFS0&@ZHB$/#5N;4WO:K



P#AK0K9+%

_'
M+(S@!(XCBDH()]X/RIWJM$=0HO%N2D
YID!U570*QV%



MV?0.=


MN5_M'S87S7W^(MZ\BKYSM1-4[CEN234XFTU]4
U+HYD86;G;?2
-G89NN*?'


/C/SS(MG



M(
*G,M?N%?2T;)QU(*VUDT3PFPHNZG_VU/!P]&#DO_$@



#]

MVQA8

.+OZIW/X3#X#UGL$?J7M3DRARM713*GYBH


AE]H6L]^/


MT/U&4J-J-E9!.ZG._P902P
$%     @ !81_4J2?S91Q @  %P4  !D   !X


M4@MI%D%E;3

M[O1RKEHKN








G
!Z.QF._7T33P367

ENVS 0O?LK!D(.
:!&


M%:*%UUI(





M




;1 5E]B-VF6!$C;70JL0-%VV\.P!\5F$F&RE$ERT_7K1\F.FV%-7G0E
MSSFD1(XW2O\R*T0+3Y609A*NK%V/HL@4*ZR8.55KE'2S4+IBEK9Z&9FU1E9Z
MITI$:1R?117C


GMH\[#@
XST.

K5&
M^#&;&ZOI _T\0)MUM)FGS?;0WE-=E37QJ
4KK+O9?RWI![%=!8_




M5-MNVS 
??=7$$8?6BK+W&:-D@Y+)A ]8M:+OM8=B#8M.Q
%GR)+GI^O6C


N6&5PI

WOJ
AN463:A--Y+ATCW)O-5DYQ=GY
M5UN@AH4Q: V</[M0'

7@
$Q*DG
3M+028[0N2=U9;5 4/FK
M]\J_4DDI]J)J5B*

M-99;AA&$^]\35:F#7 )MEUH9J8B^89:(ANO(U669U:V&JR.) S2
*0QG&8

M-:W+6C#'FI5*6_[
&AF?1^
8+F@:TN0=YCD 24WL#.+K$8W1(+P:P5LO%1RH




2YX;6Q]5&UOVC 0_LZO
M.$6;!%)+R NT0H $[:9-:C74LE73M ^&7(A5)\YL!]I_O[
=89HXD7A9YZF3'EV/?U)L.<Z;XLL2!/*E7.#*EJZ^M2(4M<4B[\



K%
($8T_#:;7EK2)Q_(!_;/KG7I9,XU74CSPQ&13[]*#!%-6
M7


SA*.%R\$YV2$


M8&N7<8$:+-'
M_=%'ZJXA:QAF7]D55A@+K!'G2#RQ!ZG:6=(QEW3%3X_P?B7]P%D5$OA_!




QXJ=Q'O?Q)5/9X!1.MK/]ERS!V
MV&^SI+1.9]5D:)#)//SS;Q4.*Q..GYH05Q-BKW=8R&MYS1T_/S5ZR0R-AC2Z




M7?9I(5A.@W_\X3B.CDY8@9&)++CJL$*5EO'\'G&6F!*J8156Y@67Z8
H:5E:



[VF;V=6OO[^]/HPF4 -!ELFD$Q[KK+
M#'8=%)?B(0R@M2$LA1?0H-N

'
M!$!7DS'LOM+Y';90DM5DUDX()NL0_%735R(^
.:*R 5(@;


M^#?&!P?F%-@H2?X1MN9S#D0@V[3VC3GF1 4(5@;_.4[AM@/8R[(-5YV&T/

6CX;/I]2;K5K)-4X
0K 2^2UQA\(-
M[%(J^#;T%3Q9T.M#[]:0E4O:8MKMD(@R9; 5% V.'ASSPOZ7WD'2::K(2A
MCQ9O[P/W5.;?-[I9KS'V4QO@RRD;54A5L=.$AA6YU 834Z1@D1+_(%2.^FP\
MZK? )!ETT]!D=ZQ Y5$W?O7(KX?CRFB
RU ]X2HCIZYXE3@!\3#X4ZC)YLH/




= 65XKB



J6-E3J0# 1(O4U

-.

M8=NAM





MKE%UN0K$1BG1I[IH

)NQ
+F=2UG_+N3._#

\.V'[4.89!
M!ZUW.I\?^NQ7CX'SK$O=8U%G/!G@?] 9389LQPGSJ#EA'CW[A/E]0%Z&]/&G

<4N= P  0@@  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M
S


A6GBNA32SH+*VF82AR2NL
MF3E3#4IZ4RI=

DTM 3M',)\W/5P23OP
0)?%;2


S5/:$WU
*\VW6^*ZQ6VO+_

M!W0HI_*$RHRC2
_O%1E
B8_UYI#11P;

<$  %#   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='









OFO[VL^$:<DQ9G!KT[*FT3U!'G,1'G*QZXE7]PF-?.+%<[0)
MO#AZB3;#9OZ8/Q^'T-H8R:JB4-AV3YU@ZE%?.,D9&!2\MJQU?'DX

M5!LBB2:^7%G.OFI 3&=N'


?#=
V&0[&%+K
MU9.4F#RX&E:H-O83%-,-K5I;XG#U^&.O6ROEO?B[07]LU ;BA^4N95WTNH

/SR6/P+4$L#!!0    (

U+GAM
M;(V5;6_:





N
M2ZS(5+?--7YT(D=E)(5+IE^$)O/I,ZG:_02P93]19O:UG-04BHMBMH9 K*
MJW_\6N_#CD

H7NL938;.X%ND*/BQDZ/[M 9XAR


_@1

M5WF*YI(HPG6U(%;HEG+






M5.&MV#IR)X&QBB)'=]UQTY6=J;S\QWMV(^XYF*60JW@L@L2:AX^@(Q/USV


MH@7KZF0L[Z*5D8

ML&
#J[5C/_=FSKZ%R:!D




M)F6J)M94?4MQ#TT9DI@]0

MJ17OECYI1=$R0_


M8F$^:.FOGFT

JZ'LT\5



M^9QH!]@R78P4*22=AD



O

'K1 DUMDK9D!XZ!Q-E#@78;-.WNQ6(O


M8\KS\5@G.YXS_4&6O(!?-E+ES


4++71N;-8%0BZ+^9(]-(@X&X,@S@#0#2'_
MU#. -@-H%6BMK KKFAFV6BKY@)2U!F_V2Y6;:C1$(PJ[C+=&P:\QIG5;;U\
M2&[0K=@68B

7:K

W
KFK;)Y4-D?2L(2P\INA'$)FP_F

#T='XW2N;/6@&Y3HUT
/T9P?U^



-AK'U3+.6PD4FXN&=W

M1O&2B;1MP!4TDKU2H!@QK;EQ:@Y[?46^B8.=GJY-.BJ2

=](

LZ@$3PORY
S) ?V^MM1AXWOG9YVR*-AY!W3X43I
B'<3HB:W=<0K1&22U.L(Y2K93LV-;U\^LPP9CS]L$[9A&
M7[*M^W0BI61PO#5?].4Y;$A_USD^.(W-N=I6A]20(=NQZJ/)]FY[$'Y9'?_V






Z=6'M


M#@ECK;V9B[2^*5I7A


E
?TATM !%62C1

S

F9NSLQM
M9;: %0@! 9KKF<,





CBNR5
MLE5+LBJLO;9D%=J*V\7UPU?]&:XJ
B:#89/H%**
VU6Y0730O^B:/K
HB;KH

_


M(W@!CXKH




_5
'OW'-
#L(\*
MKQIE7IQ1 .[N$<W?]#*8M1DDXUDW!1HT;A@,DGWTDCN1Z4&PIS%=3I0T#Y5

M1CTN0QN/H\


M:&5E=#0P+GAM;'U4[V_3
!#]5TX1'S:I-$W*QIC22&LG!*B3JE7 !\0'-[DT

MT-BTJ'FE
K81CD.[C:FU*


W
3WU^
M2/@F<4]'8_!.-L8\^.!S.8LF7A J+)QG$/S;X0*5\D0LXW'@C XE/?!X_,+^
M,7AG+QM!N##JNRQ=/8NN(BBQ$IUR]V;_0<_%YZO
(K%_9#[B2HB-GF@'
MAJI^[]X&OIP!)B^!D@'0!IT]X6REOA1)Y9LP?KLYG-#X+5@&9Q4OM-63O+


J!&R)T!$*7L)1B(Q5/(\'9
+#=M3-7WJ=F^E+W49
M2OD+M
NGTZLT2;-X=T+B]!Q^E^)]


C@M8G
M\'IEC'L)_
$^/$OY;U!+ P04      %A']26:G +L  J!P  &0   'AL


2YX;6RM55U/VS 4_2M6Q -(K&G2M VHC52(
MIO& 5%'8'J8]N
EM8^'8P79:V*_?M1.R2H2N#WM)_'7./??8OI[MI7K6!8 A
W['D
MK 2AF11$P6;N+8+K-+;KW8+O#/;ZH$UL)FLIGVWG+I][0RL(.&3&

M.+=$*..EY?2ZD!9XV'YG_^IRQUS65
.MY#]8;HJY%WLDAPVMN7F0^V_0YC.V


-9Z9#8_I
V&U?&86S#'$FN:DUCFA-%ME+S32S

M_ %02P






M


M4)8&WQ\KVK2HG0'=+Y6R.\$!M+M[]!=02P
$%     @ !81_4I___!A+ @





M93Q@_3O  B@UCK2
OZU/IPMIB/WUT?N#S5WGLL42%IS^(IDJYL[
01GDN*)J





$%     @
&UL
MC55-;]LP#/TKA-%#W1U[1.5B0!FJ3[.+0(VG4[##LH-AT+M2U7DI/TWX^2
M$\_Y7^V)/
]/E(T.5@)^:H21 WK+
W5T$FT+FY=5X4)9DS=B )S^A(+F3%-


PN;&HBD:GIM;

M]L\R3C&\@;9W#7[+;QT1-/DPW/M\1DZ[SFK;\K7_D]5KF*6


*=1':STX4-$]):)7B^B=%?&5VB]0

?5J/I3O;
MC??.QS2NJNGRCZ::=0]
+GBN(
68*%LW/8I
5O.CVFA1V!8\%YH:NETF-')1
M&@/Z'@NAMQOCH![BH[]02P
$%     @ !81_4EB9?%0  P  ?@D  !D   !X




M$L; N?&$/-XJIU:]I@$VQQOO=Z5X%#.CL:_V:Q3H96SR(QS&G!]:-8_81*
M4
?XBP17Y9.L*EO'(E&AM$@K


G5XO#H\7NDOV./O26C*


MOYP)C=VW'9X00)I#/#_7 B]F9@67%^Y1O\ 4$L#!!0    (  6$?U(9F-(S
M@ (  #@&   9    >&PO=V]R:W-H965T




KX57

X(_&=IR8;!^\#
M2''%F%NJ?RM9^!XTM(:/\+955[/@P@*;2AO 9;!3F7U9
]UCGL ;K' %$-


M5&@+TJ/06$&.-DSJPZ?5X=&1P[L1+$B:3




/:]R8-1725!]PL]JTOXF_]2_6I[8M5EWL+TW5
M4Q=,K;G4('!E*3MGYU:1JOI4-3&T\5=]2<;:\L/,MG94KL#NKXC,;N(.:/XL
MXC]02P,$%     @ !81_4N).F[#W @  _@D  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S











;!'



M0'QPDTMCS;&#[32#7X_MI*&
MMJ7V#[?\]QS%]]-&B$?58&HX:ED7$V]0NOJ
MVO=56F!)U$!4R
U-+F1)M#G*K:\JB21SH)+Y41#$?DDH]Y*)LZUD
A&U9I3C


-D(\VL.G;.H%5A R3+5E(&;9X0(9LT1&QL^.T^M#




37)KPE\=
NU+P-%9T(%49P([@N%+SG&6;_$OA&



YIF

MF=VRI2'0A!6( ZKB77M7DU=1P-,Q$\6]$9(VUER=B3GGQ+)Y:C%0&%1&H*


&7T%TEE-K%&%DIAA2LJ[]GV
M*S2&0LV7

M
5HK

@*-K(4 *=($6
MJDS2B@)B*_1NZ70&$A

#YZ@ V:<NV-O8&X4[




NZ*DHAH^I&%)#CS5;(C&K<RL15A00:6U#&7=_SAFY&





M^^1!Y#I5Y%

PC6^4A5)5IC#
MMEITTSZG@+3\##FAFNRH9%AJ$E.-




8;J5YTAFC@


T%2M?%TJ9*D+RH4?!4'BYXP7WG3L

A&-W6



5(H;



^]D;\RS


M 0C( FZAXVRHU D:76]

-[NJ*C

M='

RYX;6R-5$UOVS 
_2N$T4


:%@3NF-7
-OH#W\+!:

MGQS4SY(W&1=8#& 8OX
D2J)7!




6)_RJD7A)

R


M7V[V+*?REA]8H9_LN
BITD/Q[
N#8'1;.N69#T$0^SE-V^U*.\]BM6'U66
M%NQ1('G



X*_MT@M

M!$4FWH9GLOQ%I[/M;.:AS5$JGE?..H


M$]??5+._/\\./;
_L
;Q03^6M^9B']




3S6^/OABV\#N%0J=


MBJ
DM6/ E:<1N;&)*F^@ZCV:Q'O64K'@'7F9-Z2U<\5YQ

H(-T


MHWM/F@Z4G
MC&E+G?I2L/B$2? )'5TGM.1W&
VA1[[%)XS )W9J3L'R$R;A)W2@

M2=0CW_(31O 3.[6?Q *43 +0X2@C $K: $WGBV&6(*2$03%3OTGL0@EDR!T
M.,J8$K7/G!SC_$OCGC
^=H'*I[30J*

M


MT-H2)3EQD01HG!;;@!1!TFX/PQYHF;:%ZL


MS^\]GKA-Y@LA3PPNSI9D3N^H^+J\8?!KT*!
<^3/:(IC86$(/!O1<<T3242]./[&K37MD-
M-X\?T3]5SH

MU^NAN.2BR-;&T(


\-H =S4(U@9!Y6C=L\JM*R+(Q1DK[A&3
M=P.:/*AB4UF#-TDNA_%.

M5U20).5OT.L;PF@N%E0D
4G?@-77NROT^M4;] H-$%_ 58Z2''W-$\'?PDDX

#M@4O(&2
MP6.6+&5-:O/

YR_

%O<)!_V
RPX.U




M+'?I_5
4Z)LY\$Y*6+0L6;R %0):LB1N3[

8EHU

M%5P^MQLS

2
54E&3XI$].1AH.4F_1VI4B.A



I/VLV:1!=LML3\7
MJ_H%ZLYY]&+-Z;%4&B7JH%&L


M:&5E=#4V+GAM;(6476^;

G

(:81K_.D^O1UKA_OC#
M_9NK'6O9

MBR6IA'V7R'KI[(^J52:/=+FB[6]TA::R.+



OEV 8%_J*


M:8^:GD--AE#38U1P


$

/
M_;[R0Q93U1

+DS;O9Q=B$Q'

_,8.'P2RH8M<B^L8#'5YV)AT2L7-(OU5;']CQ8!&
M&
\7D3)_R;9XU^D0/U-:Q 48&


:$1J+#!8J$1I1[(?/




M(!HPV&5@7]34'T@CV9$M& C:14YB 7:#?$(1&7C#B

M)]:DNJ

-!&6AOVYD-VARJU95

A11SD2





UH




M.YX;6RU5VUOVC 0_BM6M$F;M)$XO+45(*UT+Y7ZIM)N'Z9],,E!K8VLTVA
M_WYGAR:T D

61:YT/T@
V9V$H8ZR:!@NB%G
M(/#)1*J&9RJ::AGECJC(H\C*.H$Q:


Z;$U





T#U'T'*.J[3Z!IK9_4+UXC(Y.'3.9X

MMUK.A2G[H&JU:IJ_N%;QU?JI;:9=1UC#E)WX)5-3+C3)88*04:.+!UF5S6TY
M
7+F^L.Q--AMNF&&'P2@[ 9\/I'2/$^L@^H38_ /4$L#!!0    (  6$?U(/

M


[]ER5@)0C

MR4

L2ZIA*ODWEIEB







^E


!#'_Q4KX@&D07XU38K:2-!J&M*8
M$ 7V

M:N0LM5Z=NZ[*EE!0=2964.+*7




6IEKC*4*?3JS(3!9 [^@2*G)(IGI*\

)5QH2H)Y
?%3&F)A_#GGA!A%R*L0_1VA/B&U8IU*:EFY8)@



:[&5]H+QJ<\JQ
M3]$R QM@8@&
0M][0V@S^(@LC,..L;!AT5_X '=Z\CT^7.UHAF,'#Q,N0:
MG)38+L[_]]/LU-WJ-Z;77U.Y8*4B'.;HV3N+L59DTS^;B1:KN@7-A
:&5@^7
M^
D!TAC@^EP(_3(Q7:W[B$G_ %!+ P04      %A']2?;;0,^P'  ))@


2YX;6RMFE]OVS80P+\*871HZ2V
M1$FV70!$CMQ
J!MTSMP[ '1J9MH9+HDG3^%/OP(R5:ER*4K*^M)+#.Q[O
MCK\[TCY^)/0'VV#
P5.:9.QDL.%\^W$T8M$&IX@-R19GXB\K0E/$Q2M=C]B6
M8K3
A=)D!!UG/$I1G U.C_//;NCI
=GQ)





#

M9S+9;SD5?XV%'#^]Y23ZL2')$M.W#%S\W
7\&;R;8X[BA('/B%(DL_$]^ #N
M;N?@W9OWX T8 ;9!%#
09^ NBSD[$A^*Y[\V9
=0MF3'(RYLDS.

M;+%CCJ
A\-PC !WH&

(N?HNWPGBG5?S2

&XM&ELU72V7E.\1AP+L' :B^H:


MXK0T:_KZL/=QZ;0SYK81-9M=1Q=1IV?4]YE9&&JL@TXCG-X4PL.@=PZKFUJI








MO:@W;7%-Y0!@Y[[8-\'K]PW43(9V
KYRWUPKM=65!^U(@QJGT([3HC*KG.RS



X*+VM!??2,W6MDTF+WS2&O=^#X4NO5AO.&TI




MPZ1.

M2BY0M




M$1A)?7A\

/E=ZJAGM

Z!A4M['R
MK:6=]-I/TCO:5Z_





I?WUV^A]02P
$%     @ !81_

M6Q+K)

R1G




MS
+6\\*7=+

M*X4C;XV1DK*B]%%-_DAFEJ





KR224UZ\FZOQ(A\T2LIA4TZPJ[&. C[A6&GR??.6Z0MU27*^I55
^<2NG9GC^94


NIVT%II?

#V^BND*.8[@M1]@WU:MUYWNA^ZVQ]
MH3I2W58U

RJ@2D#
M^?^:4O$\41O4??K\7U!+ P04      %A']2&8<

;9)!SFU?EU#03JI-SI&F9AO:T@ 7WBE781Q%XS#GL@CF4[_V


MG#71W






T^_]\';8.98PXUD
M+Y288AP-(T1@@2MFGN3F.S0!]1TOETS[7[1IYB81RBMM)&_$U@&GHO['VV8C
M#@19[QU!U@C\1L3U0M[E+39X,E)R@Y2;;6FNX4/U:FN.G<J
Z/L4VIU9C(S
M

_.4!4GWFJTQJSR]WTN.;?U4KO*<-16
M#1MZF*OZZTFWDXWB]:&'^* D<5!+7WBU95?U-6I'6V+^W5=TMZFUU\&#U@M

O

481!AAH(P)JA]'_(A1

[
48KREBJZ
MF E^ F&^UM;

MLT
OH$'*@1-%Q-_

M$


?'&H]%T9A]KD(T*9*
KD/UFYC!LQ3.Z
MP$


M0-:%9(/
!%'/0&.-XHZ$PN0OIA-!V[/JF/J5\ ]*^):?K\J:OG7^!RAXX[


5)*+^FOO=W
FH6N@^?XXG@F Z]!ZD@IQJ2_&O_$\?Q7##NP3R[R83CP
MF_*AU&G27ZAAN=T*W%*%\#E1@NDF*8!O-#HT)7(MWE:_5]RI4N/)%2+?0JF2




5G=[$O
M#W9)G6ZX^)7ACT+4V8/.NME











\L)4GS71TW6C/?\$K3Y95*IGCA5
MWW+

M1Y+.B?@#_0==_#MG%*

,Z@VZ-2E$KDI0)A,<Z%]
M&</B&^UPR[O(H/OSQOV__/##?@.WVX%9YO3=S/D11(++EPGI%&+?4IS_RA3G
MU]I(-\5U[%JN_7V6\Z9M8?8MS?D':*X<SZ3,07LG0PJ!D_HF&$Q]SV\QQ1*=
M[^X#[W(=0%W_&SU,,N@GR3=H.*EL)*/K4ES=$^<^)
V0RP-^FX:_*U07VE'
MF:!14\Y?EX*F]:UG


C#




D-_/4T0186/-X(:&/@FXBV:C3%M;$\67IBE
M:D

=-=

7AI:W%F&T;2;
M&_DB[/KK3:F2/8C;S!&*62%I5GW5RS=8E^)*M00C DT-')(+22:$'DH%R
MTTA(40:6BKP K#..
J1H(3%-8@?NB$#UX9DN\_ W7WN;D@FIGV;TXWL?[S7






$%     @ !81_4FI40('T
 E33)QU(FE7/_P/!'%),7BD*U)IGY9,IYBJ6[Y
MRA-K3OB *6)AWP_]%)

MBD%*L^TW?BD3L0. /0



M[K? ?WX.?N$
A\


4L6A /54E2^ME7#UD=0^-!'Y//X.X2^BO^\N^E.




 IR[.V




.5

MU&G4O41-S83F7.R

M1
9$U/J([/IX2S.:YJG34FO)0Q](GDMI7:.6.3!HK


M2P


M/ \C@(45IF&P-.((Y@T( A:6K/P8/S*&G/J63[&]#D%U!+ P04      %
MA']2EXJ[',     3 @  P   %]R96QS+RYR96QSG9*Y;L


P[PS=)_


EC'%BM/XU@LD/['X 4$L#

M Y_U:H
JVX03

M!]WHK4LI'Z3

P
M2@

XO[ E)1#4F:'H(QN

88(B.3B5



M   (  6$?U+(7



M*=(8/!4Q)'CY5Q^((9]^E4




M-+Y@PR;/X@AR?/R@@*.8/RA4YP^ZAZ#[^8


MH]Z90.^


\8B]6*.AM+YZG/
M*TL7.IORU_# O*W6]H&8F
T



M606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*
M%%DEBJP*15:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT:15:/(JE%DU2BR
M:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\AJ4&0U*+(:%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=7\IZSWSJW_


O8V]R



O

H2   8

4






M





4      %A']2%DGLK#8%  3




YX;6Q02P$
M% 
  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
C(N



RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      %A']2


M:&5E='

   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      %A']2-R2'R[T  8!0  &0

P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  6$

M+W-H965T





S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  6$?U)Z 55MYP0  (4




M=#




#  =P  &0

Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4


4      %A']27E@,CH$  #'!0  &0              @($T


M965T-#





M        @(%$

M   (  6$?U*5C1]5\@$   $$   9               @80U 0!X;]W;W)K






  &X
   9










M% 




     3 @
MP              @ $I?P$ 7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 


end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-21-007474-xbrl.zip

#(P
3(S
2YX



MO?;)



M:W7@7QW]L=UZWVJ_;U_^OYR3^LP/O&C2UH^6^I]\_:\_!JXEWN._-=@0VWO_
MPQ





MV
#B7VW^*Y\
N+LW9

(

.X?NC#NERF

[\?!

M9IT4#2S%P8G1PS?N
V%S\S-S;3!=O)
BA.S%'SD%7


NQ



M%%






MJ%


[G%O^;((WWK+CRSQ:67?Q:C

&A-M3J6+ZB-%.K_C7%%*286I6LJ:9XBF%-


MK ^@@L0!;(6-L5PQ'S'5?%ZT8\N,_DW;G#QAQX)*&
UXYMP-LN0W_\-^%]
M3]:0)VK*1
IV?/-+@/C(;6



M9GN


M
QOFB]PSURX;^M?



*S


K:=C5Y06K/=8O3JK*UW7

?]?GIY1FG5[QZ7)[O?%'R?$%J\+6(O^0[)?*5ROZ6:?Z1P'

?G!9[(N=KAF




7;OF]-HK^.)M'?


MEZ\V3_2T/0[6=U$-U%4?#6JMNM\6=UF.&M+:CF8%4W2Q\R)EFQ#0)_U5IU.
M7.UTXG#/BH67J,TM^7HN=?E2$U!U*@ =51DA\J)89.\=@UM\!.9XIR)-_


C&^X4[(Y=-Q\)():*':ZR)(X?*0H[ZL6.9_
 -N=5%

MHR:J:A-5!7





@ZZ)%YKS:HFN!
AN'T41CZB:ON'6/)^Y_N=[U;W


*2]B

;^_:\BRFVOB72SX(6ET1-SV-ZW


5 7J71;R4&PW





L1;.)#T#P4QT^69 _
7






S;094!LYV
M M2MYP4;8NFR=]%M81.J%9.L#TL!Y+0Z?8]NSDP7P,?5383SI22L9.8:4.H
MMHJG#+2!X04K/*8N('OO-R2\^9?Z:-F;J1Y$9UR

M$

M]'! E;!TAP?PUZ'
6]H*7_0ZG;D3;^FL6X R#_/\\
1[6U@_OT)5Y)7V+IQ6
M57JW1^C/_
2'W


9\'.6



*W+0?=F]XCP/_1 JLI]V+^R_(_3#7/?['X



MG0^^HYD)5




M:Z?H^B\VF7[XB]YK?5@$BX_QCYH!)YXW90:0TL^O6J_H[RDSS?#O-+SMU? ^

4-YWD8TH 0X3+')F%#^-
MS$%OF.$;M@S^21,W.Q.??D/(=P)]=PYHD_N41\]
P /[SYA)#!_@H;-EOF




M





)
M!R00Z@RG0\IP6I+8M#




1*5SI'?(2*F]!4^5$[QS
MJ2^W=A446K;W9E^GRQJWT&LQ:?4$\

[V\][+[.V;R'QI9V0
5CJ2K=6]X


M

VQEN-W




:=3K_1UMN:-V9PG* K$<Z@6R0YZ/8?V(67M

M5?*6C@T\3!B:&)ZHN/-P5Y;NMEI--_KG13O 5ZW;R;:/@2-2_;96HVRV\*/D
M1C#X:[U[+T%/96E))8BO#?($JE

MLE*-U+ZMI^M&\8H+(U!2RT__#,_#)L%B.KMQD5_[9X[Q3&^Z%1QY$=LAZ]



!KEPU][9K9
M-H(C][?3_Z!]A+VWXN!N
9K_X


#@L-DJ;U=B$0GUJ-VF53^/\3;[[[?R.J?M0

X35/@(/I0


M_0

M.^YHXU[[]6:


SF\WM3N'V9'34








WYDRW&% CQ]!



M?)JH^R7D6M3+
41\);

=/&\13^7(J&

V!
 ER[Y3E8NI)F!PU-0SE'(/GT#?\+GR
M)L!T/OL!  *&;6]V
Q+#^BC^DPB@3ZP!V96N W^X %4V]?B4 [5.-[%:HW








P9 %6PJ
= 
G(U#ETC-

M6$!;#T





W)+U_-#\YY;S7!?7VGF+






MM;J&Q&8-#U;;%)MZ_



F5#NY9 )5S9FE3%B,C7X.5P\^




TF?GSC$R:HPM6=
M&'+MS;]B':S&[L;8W5-:S7%A]2HJ.'AK^ZZP/6%H_R2_U*[P6;[N-V.OGY]O
M
TVI:$CA/OTC^D;^D8M.K]'M'M)Z]X4IO5E&]E');Y9@BVP'F[UF[FJR-3JW



)6(D6Z?MQKMBZ+UG XQ2+HR


2(%UY7T=+D;)

ME&ZD6E%B.V!JGBB']1W-XY85M; TE(BGIH[8BM2-UT+M?N5JDLT.





M7--FL![@W?!_%_XX5&[N!!M0

M*@/(%V'S&([NWG:F=#ARXN


@0


?D9'K?A2/2Q@?T6]FW6


^
MO]@[U+\XCOD

\G1?4
M!5.7 GP^3/?;N4^S8'_POWU500XLCIY086)-@8K+Z6V.KD/IPRPKDP
8D27

M6 G



M^;LS\\]/





]]S9



6L4HU[[?W!FS/4



\CBY%J0W6_T*


.^\#=)SC8


M]+E)CUT]

T@5)EN9

MRYSG[L)5S.(B[(NNVJ)_1:KT

RX;U;

M6
*XL1RV('&VU0/ANOB4;6%:X.7E^47W



O4^_M;YM(=VG!9YSM9U@K#NOS=ZZVW


( ?!7.QHN
S=[%O$)^PF!2NQ^8TC6IX\\S2,RP*Y#LY-@NBG6T!QQ
M&Z2&9;T0(/ 

[0?--

=H#;A1U_=7;:J2F=F59


4




Q@B2+




/8+!(TF6@+! +M)XB'6B48;ECZ?R1/9


/$#

MV3=4JN[R-/4E!^



IVAW(V4R[1FL?PR&

!+ARZ^\[9)(&!/WMF?
M8

M%&
-+4'W!D28L<<N3(V:+=?/TH





MY086Z!31_L2MEU.3;9^E]?.(UD_M!5J@RPKD+&^*JL' DK0[)*5C
K5$SMT
M!2+%#U'8HS- =D+DRK\QPD'['3.@I0M]_CX
67+@=H96.'AG])/T:'TG50R



TUTG5
M6MH?7NQ7E3:))Q5]H&5
'%D!T,XGZ4C
MUF(#1][3.,48\[
1F1PR^L3-./B*ZB(K81]-@.12N=8G5$Q1%0PR3NAF/








3_JIE[SO0.56GGLRS5F9
MN:1SSKT?6=B)4-+HNH8OQCY_K0GC$1(Q^0O -@M0A0&ASDC[KI]!(Q9II4

M2&!:]E^3VDW@?R-.RS&(7$(
 AHJ/@%:G 26J2T3OT++D;Y(5_!H$BX:27

9QCDIU:S
^O4O

M*$J\O6QO90R+AO$KN$:0(?*JF]FHY8%
DP$K_\TMDYA+1A:H=:BPD
Y;F!TE

21?#0
0)O83QPIF4^




91GCDP-OPW%6-C2#
_


TP



9N&5O+%_,5 ED70E\P-L,V4O+#,7Y&9(
M-F@DTP(:81QL(_:#41@8\\;:$/0^16+J@$FHB2%=HLR(-HI@B-/U# NF%!@T
MBZRYX-@#\J4,#)02-)=ZB.YSHZ?Z+^)S-; X!J5&(3.-X&1A



[]2-;'.%.KN'
$W]RB?BTO?[F$YUV2N.6)?&\



B]2/!5\G;K VY$1IWV(1YSAXCJ?K=_
M-





MAXN





P@9?J'5239&576)G(
MH#T$883J*+5=E.W++

M/_Z:I1?ZJ5Q#WJ7/#^T
3A1J#)

?*KBXHR[X+WOVYLNT+RN)^

9='/=;CQL
#KHV!X*T74
3@86S=
MCIW
J16Y]BS\



MSU\7&5*_;&C^LY




M&



MXQ-L]NERW%HKXK3TO T@2E!Q@7YH!$EK#4T
-3:=6L+ -QO:2+9
@@/]V0FL
MB


FRE6P!BH5(R$UY


M00H;/AI_0
;00JF$RE_\;E(^:BDK&:N0L1_I8]




$:\N211


WII*)=S2F;3


M8P%VHP%QG 'SI!6I-AN]L@L.U(3JX


M54IX
8PL0YD/I/AV&=@DP-&R(S&)U@%WI6 DA
=23N([-^Z5A
K86BF
 33R

D





MN8ZLU0Y9SE9)J



U(F(


M4*$Y*

]E

:M#$4&Q1+MM48BLYJ$DQQWWLB$Z! I7'GV@\,&W()
MLPO0673%<7!2[+HFC@K]\LF\/&]1#N ^TW8/1A4.CYRAH'Q'./!<9LUNM,M!
M3;0CJOH-)!\@_ %) @&T?S$0%T*U
65-O]JVI04&U%7@C8KB@KUDERCZ3Z
MP4OJ!I9.M@3+A620=7O\6_.A&:Z'0%P$&HTB6D*BW 1$*:SHE3S6P^&3J

C+

/]-G(U2W7;


M7A?$VJW/[3-X3OEE8ACGD904U*) C6TF/&]$1A3OHP,_ G(7YL(RR+#2 [K
M4R&Q86;7KRTU%)PF0BRI!N

M'3J\20T?.&BA &A2
V^HS)0$9V$6LDL4.0R !O'\%P,?DPL+=QF,$K19I@C
MC2$3%E(Q[!+]*.PG1^^W]K$VJY)M$J:^M7#M?;H3(6A]7NMB*ET
(%1+@D2
M&2ZSO2%7820@?IX$IMR2+*
'YKD)#STK
)6+/XPXHF6$:Z=S$GVBZ/)0@47P
MFJG


M$R&-4W7#EAX7;\\4*5#2

HW+)P]M
I%(J6^#&UOS
[8.X+

MD?D@)E


M1UXBOX_BTY=!8_B4N5IB0#.I;-%$\D,  7'(+HU5Q('M BLUQ-=J85WW;,I
MJ,IYG+C71XAQD##K1CEMLVOBX5!N&71K FGIC;@2DF

J6




M%55_2H5;A:=-8LTR)B64KV$9.0(ATX\S +G#G[@R?F(8DF.B(B U-EP[DV1K

MG_\#




N0J#JL./:YDKB:I6

^4Y-;F
M6'.D4Z)(G-$?=]9()=_6EM3J^UI5W9=

W6^_WJBG



M\EZ[T;^LD/ LD_=DM.6A


*4U:.)=2W8_3-5KOD;1!1N
N\

?&AN+U4;CA!55-X*B6TLIEY6WY4A5<1.-E79F=IG+!+U1$+\_]3

N!V5&6
F
M)M%BRQI*F@R+!A



M8-HCW@=:CHL^?B[+D'/O55;G1[K?PY_&H6V0.7
N(=^FXH8(U

I^QJCT]IG

Z(IF'LB/ ];=5)W;J'L)3!?PG)S$F)9]4
5

#BU&@SJN-*DDS$


CZ&^'B(\



M/.\F:Y8E5%$DVX;5!76CFQQO0.0$N)F2OPD9Y33;%P





_*CE0488#;/,3K<YC/J


/@K;Q1G6$(P%QDIYZ([


M.G:Z)XY^6;E6(?75X^*KQP9E/
%BHQ UU1VJOI2LM.V;P[
2WY'E1LI]*(OD



RK1

1B?[FXQMPWSM0WE1E).Q+BMJ9H@;%DZA9EP0\W(

FJ8<0YC[/7





ML_TKV_P


MZZ.6*%3%3TRP'*&*I


7=V
MB


MK*96#!_''^/0KI-[*H[

M!5V#&NQ
0$6U0)





;=[*)$4?Z=UK8AW]T*

M2
3482R0A6X4J9)@
T'EG-0\[CX)@U
/PB?A!)[UHAEL*D#%IHM/O$RT'6T8








M]7)C^

M+
;)LE2KT6O5%__^M-

M/*)\R84ZWK1O6B@V.I%ZT-C,,N&Y77/NI/!&N,UJ/6_)7=19N-@Z6Q=_

PS8:^T+IH.]P=_$H^F.7AO







M$
(JN!


M'\)'T3LX75GM7&Z/:GGL:^SO'KGS2

(_!2
R-1

M4&3ECK-Y)$8?






KQR+UDWR%&!*+
+

1QR.I'2I







M
.<9QZVFP%
M6(5.8]#9H=ZK\

6SUU[.EIH(5Y9@?;E:



#'H)O+-&@7YW???E)U51Q;4.[WE8]N.S(T&WFHXN]5)5&)HT6NO0
M[





M ^O5;B
Y0-NHJ(J/S4#P%'U38WRDJA&]0?P%N4*HOX?/7#-YSB?L50*!.2S
M=^_)2#A_3+WXJWR$[6CJQSA?9! 0'OOB@X@.\S

M3 ]YL3HRTEA^NF^H44VJN;_%@T4ZB#I!$KG[$,W E'X$*YU9\==Z(XON




11=*/L1 VH; 64DI+
MY*48&A1(%9X6

X3


MH*1&7RHGY4 J5X

XY4
ME.CJ5-8%]/R
VC

CJV'&.Y'O

M0EUM&\&E2&3 G^BE(;AB6N_B[PBH!BPL!IDV:_FX (6K
U;=TN14(0_%:2BB
M80DPZ%#X9$H.Y U=SC/_:M-ZS$QWG9O)_5T*-W*8#CF/_'8R\Y8Z&(1YW
M@8-_B


THHM


Q9YCS!K$?I]W#5HRB

M-)9P69I(S@N:-M0X4\C.=XH#]2#WWC!(OAU' A0LI!=J,01C@#*E7N29
M



AJ


E?Y(H\
M1UE'M



?Z'7'2_Q)16\?R\(Z.2

M[]



9%[CAG)1_3+:8SF$O'M#F=FUYJ0K0?]*.6&X($[D6!9F=P84H@[
('
MI^1Y#N-!DPZU0C1$BH4_M(HU7[ A^
7&)K/\8Q6C94L +MC4'H*KS3T;RFS)

2*=JW0FV+55'
<N ?'
MPYI/0



M'TK?PN1.2C919(JX

M%BZA$P.L?



13W.QNH]=9%^?KF:S*M1%\VFO)*J.:



M__#MHJ(\3@?Z&6;&' /EA[+[LUCRSX[F9E^.DX*H/
5.O\G$P69R0; '/C8G





M#R[

?'


\-HLDC

M1D





M#;VRX#.MP0-L8&=HK%JBM!'.NME/*:X%=^\L!J
3$1




SL+[JN7
MDE*@N*;KI:A0*)/[/.-P




/70Z@T:[

\O_]CRIO2W*'^AB[A


MDY9
!U*;JB

JY
82/'.O;/=[\7[!O6

B-R7WS



M-7N^TATS+R5

M&J'L:Z
3S[6:UK*.K:BKZ97J0\FB(L*SC6N7(E_ B_D%FNJ%J0#?MW2].AG
H\==+#7[+?WL)T[DJBML74?F8?0+H55UKUL-=EBLV/5WDBZK-
MPKLF_W#+[#4OUAHC<^00Q9K[=$#[=/GOK--H]:OB259]Z.D./.HV+ZJ.57L^
M';F;YG3-PR,L%_$KL_+AA 87#9Z:X]_JZ$=]GPNW6;_1&8=;8#8LAYBP]
^


MYB\UVNUU<VNU

MWV%_B1B-0'X)!AR)
3TFQ3IL@K7#_K 
PU)79PH@2@'O

38O8@\0A
K%FQ3

MYAW\RA?
RG;!+T$R$8 3ZOSSN]$T]&5L] 77:




O10[

MSI[K[8J(%M!WD!@:BQ\1TCWB7B



\GAPWL9DVO[) 2E(-+



1VM4H+

MI(M0#S1U#6;ZI5:7 RXE^C
548)UHNAU]EE8N?8Q!JCH+ K?0 ^T#CN=2.






MRV



U'N]H4-\O '.&HW[* !;V]V+1OMR



MI^


M7


? /;(__Z(RF


MD-Y







M;1E&

MU1XO XLEN!V;!GW[:5H*$#=@&\.A3&/+Q=;





M7?@VR3D



 U$8JB0_M77;+ON/RA[DY<D8?#-/N)D*_)4!+LDXFR

@/'J1WJ^;OF2NX:N^
MT^I9D(LS\4A&5B3GPE,1^A#$EP+NY&4R3SXR_C^JN3 %$9)PZ-9&^%79UXZ
MPVP0F&JD#)5J(!+ &E7W
IL!* ;@:^E+6ZT.[T_Z'G*__MF58P%.7-XZ0()!


)J'%
^$9\[!

(I:DZ9K+
R+:-

PBL('CNR:P[+O?]RO9LDETC!Y$/9F



M059D1.$.9M8)^T*0LG;/F9#!.H@H&8IP2^]W0.H%-
0Y#KFJE?6F4)W3'*

'#U\]FT0/@
;;9R]C$WWI9UG/H&*W
[+T$.J
K:X-\6Y[QR= !Y
M-+^LRYP


MRQFBN D/)*


MW




MO&G$]51^(P


M(G 4
V+X5A488D')C(EB$6/YE!**-7CB (5L!)?@'6D%(SP_V(R? UG&+&



$HCBJ1P4HKB'(M7LM4!8EIO



M)G1W)X:P?/#'YH=5H#B:#&.5!U;I*5S3_CA?$4

M7$K3@*$








T5T

-%*







M-79%JH0C7R)


D


3)K
@
M[13!CJ'X('KME)2:R<UKUT#URJ!PSZDG#8T#M8WJLB<X*^IC, Y1&G-CFT0#
M@Q!T(W@\@-27]I01Y1 ^[T$( D.B071P-.&&ZK(;?25P&$:RFF@'V&]7V6B





WB
M_&T=\:'\FX H^9RP4W8^]Q\UNV?M-'$BYTB1]DIRRB*S/-$S5R!(;J;T.7




MY2-9L]IFU2Q4$)CHHE ]2/9-\[G
XE)-15'XE7O)E?K5






MI34M=@HD-'E0^

MSF[FK.96(6SB97W


MC($$7S-\E#J3FGL(V8S@I
ZDB*E[




5/BF.LU\R$RR(XVMMC#RXJ_GXTC*


- DK
MT?S 51
?87
1=S*BZJ211VG6LVVM2UL-W'W

R)&[5='



0%%D_\$0:^FD4;54NEZ



M'S.#T(7M$M'BVDRY-I8AN#S!UTP=XT(?#N;1-BV0KWOY%I; O(GEY?FL8@ :






 !AMT:53%HY)/608%S:F11'S8CN

I6 GCKY^]I=M.
M6=QA&L-9QJ\+[GH9LL+:5.4/IOPIL$UP*

7R




VAI

M^Q&-0RS;\.)Y&!





M\DA.L$25%$=5^B^AU^FZ=* .$:(1:?;8[[1DJ*[IW:P[G$ZIPVE%8]/!S+1#
M]^28+J83
MB7=0G\?S
M+B)P2[Q[-.R/]K?H3 <J3JO8EANO<+#J?VMTH#W8#:$D7?S-AI##K??R]?
MK]'N;;_*0VO)W26L/^'0:<\M8KES-XU;Y47F'.IDUN'*@K==_3FN6Z7#;+0

MX'WB*O!J^X

MV4%AYUJ9P+J.J!(UW
[(/K-W




M+]$

MLP1T32S%S/!A$/I3



MF/!H:L7(#W'_X3'#
$VLKZCG\
DT'2('K+.9IV^YP$'5E+ 2FH8A3K\-];=@


M&.R$1#\!=PAT71@E#NZ/

M  
3B.#M9\'@/=4J'RU+7]Y+/_[)^8C_=5K91_#$9SCY





'*@_]4 SQ*
M'U#*^??ALV-OYOG@O)QA3&


R/\-8SG+72X5NRW3
M/036K
[4+?JI2Z*]\ B*[SC_$3Z 
$0-]A2

M=LZ7!@N--BPGLNF4QQG+HX

M3_HO!BH[EB.B6(4MQV!M
V

M+#ST?J+H$86.W^ JWT])=SQ%KWT.'!BZ]';
**OUJ2805=T2A<D C1
A]
M&TCJMX(D(?]AB&/:L.6)]U4?&Y%$$






\9BIA]

P*4U6HQL7#I?O+!_6FU(X3WJM
5Y*SQ=-8CE
?=.N]


71*ZD]DZQ:AOL.]85=1D



@\/.

*Q9;1A

'!
!:/7KPI0Q/39C+CL\




ZO9


MRH@C7.B4\]Z2AVA&AEB^'#Z@I!(66U3098PM3]XJ!LTT1Y;N9G?9J@HEBL99
,TJRPJE5.NK7I2


M9E(F1?T


M2_D


H')^4:TO_P


M1)*]Y!+N8

=4?A1<)
MOWC0D00S

CVT


M42(L?G
Z%XXK'N$E/MSSK697?4 *#/-G9F@B@W/XG J@9#0N;E*.3.821:IV


MXQ1X$&^
-






MEE+G#-

M-#!8S#+HG
)&%@R*S+4AVF9XOYHU*'8+E]I2VQ=]=W7^AC&(*^=N%RDNZU

6IB
VT?0*'+4$)UN#DU]$75F%(4?G'R)(1?2(%OTEL]W[Z[LW








MET1E%=D 8
N:.WG5/58HC6!S


PZVN/*+




M9)%^XW+OLT7J@]EDWE:CU=UVON.AKY4#354!L,X]N#$F@'.U;AU'&*.DYQ


M)QBPJ+J^CZ6H2A477/70UV6.;9S8?N?RF:@_ZI[59GR.=5]U?7\4TZ]D7_



M;UUT?PQN0-7%ZAZ.E?&04[TP6MW&H/_]WQBM'EP91V2Q'#JK:
\(K.^1)R-E


MV+8'?
V\(C_NJ:;$BGGY:E&0M#C;Y]$:I$1_Y1.@KXI--*)%:Y;NHT8IU&








XEX&F7

M4L??JF[UQ8G
2]QS#2!'WTH\V%I:GU3^_4:_M6\NJG=;[W:GT=L:D.](7*7O


5

MV X Z*)YM:Y[M'[]Q:MG










K84^_9




MGBQ=#

TXY-;VV@?DV
(ZG[IL



)J)


M0

M\.;+(W\/7


MR\TIIS=O1?I#N'G*O;^&3Z^=U.R?P-:OSQ(_U[^H1/-U?$_4*]R:8$;+J0


1?=9SH07Z#]BJ+JUZM5__]3Y[\ZOK:NWV3:M
M^_C-6SOB&+2W%^-L7ZQO9K0/
*DFD9AAK0%\'RWW^QTU/78[5L)N3X0^TV:L


MCMMB]T+0!@[YQF6D!6JVP8F0 ?R$R8EK=X8.18*_OY?;;7S1&M^X4O
)\@ZZ


M2
I'3\

OT2X;*)?
ZZV6@L54/QM8S__]?':


LI7T;/3



BNM^MTW.'NP'\ (
M'4GS1_.


VK=5;;:_[_]JZ^N6T;Z7\53J]S3SMCZT12KY?G




M=JSOI*0+ZQ]#9[DH;[
=;)$#_P15&




M8?-#DFGFO9D51&8*7[6PH9.6@$2O=]2H41E$F=3FU4JQ8ON.@TIR1;*&S7-D



8TG

MJ7GYY9(Y@@Q]I+(0O=M6EVA.JC-_H.=J-S[SW7-7=DI'@UHO1P][_8)3]X!4
M'!\#E62I^0!_^B=K][G\LOKD

MD/DZF8VG(OI4%H#X']QA RLD'GZ+S$A/O-_9C?C,/N-Z,IBT5VMC,0J
MTO:*/#1'R,-$&^)A]?NHB4/N8PDA^)@.8SN




M5W9_O/K=;-;3
\24=X&R4]P<N6AR*@0^.V





AL-3YNAYZCHB-
@M?
QLURMW)L5%7M


+:TD:F=PQ;I\! %9P]Y8QDC33.01
KD;.1[I
M#




MT^S1
=9VO'Q21Z(BQ^;G^XL^R]D _ G'1:MV!/







MLW

/^/F'GQDW5LY_ EKT+
W=$:[QTIL(!MN[+$WT A01ZQ&M]3

M+LV?3*F 


:


MC&H04
)\]

M?0

)@)%BG\6(JK8IJ3@$:[9=UGG_6$;$FQ^!RZ+Z]7HXMP5
M\LX'F]\:MB6]./P-
@VDV:E

P5
?
S/
MROS&[U]FW@:I_1 $\]10:9]P9UK.7BF%0#=\D?0[^VM3Y%59X+-'Z':IH2Z





M8&M?8/2EP5(-D



^B8.E.MO:*E5HGQ/M$I&[*E=]MFV

M[L
F)O-+9^W&CFI


MX]%454QADH_KR;CLKE:UUL+5 J;[\E852-%LNB S3K?]OFE(-X_UJ1*P13
M\


M-N?MX
C%


MR$&PB9_

M%^
IFCMLATTEU&
LRTSKX,(# R\X4?3M20A]5\#3_54D[,1S%'9RUK?7RMD
M*I88%S(OC@PV$5$$[%VXFKPYPV$92J$#N;Y5H@:'4]&^OQ+/P^N@Q ?;P,.;
MAX445$\D1O6=
F56T_%^M:&6
$ L+BS-#7$AV#NU.IS8]XU1I4[66/N^JLD
MRS&(_E=TRI@C3D?V$X_*D4#J^X


ME8

MT]61%]/;Z+' =I-

M ZS R*$&O

MY#FAR6D$ :39URY#9Q%?.K0JG.//W[F/[X(XI@HY=CV/A%O!_(E\.+\XXH/1
M6I%&422+?QN:J
_W(LNN6HCCO5VPA-7I 1.KB5!HKH8X+'10R')NB1%75T!C


64Z^0CK_IQ_-NF6&R1A: *QU6\O1O_ED-3[*PDWK7




MG(J7LE++(M -OVW^Z6/$+[Z8-Q?1[AA=BU7]A

-IO/H(%AT*[

MQ(
Q/-]HYHW4$OGZ0R&DC^G-D?C PP%FZ(=%B8953B+I6!T0HC]:Q1Q7'&

_P-S%4.6
6)^MEEM:(CG%5FX



DV]?+OX



OA7=M#&RBB6G6X
0[MW<2K=2<8LEM
MX07ZXO%]QN3MPM6=48_^8+-V[X!OWR8E_5^F[6.U;QA7GY-9*VMV%!21[R

@J(][APZ%2J/
MMMZ%3


MNA+&)J_$6N'HGBQ1*^5 5+7E_XBO+_?9M!HN-A]BZM&LK_[&KG6L$^RQD(S
MJ'[[H )-T/EOCMM!^QCXC^BH12,AM1'4&37EK@94M:Z(0'5CG39?6]E;;B/'
M'2!4M:Z(0%!C+B*64((%-6

Y'&]IAY.-I:^+2&=NT8R'4H






?G


DR!H&1+Q
3H)
MDJZ#32A


B5P^D2*#B15\73R\PQ.X#EU_YJX=

MQ#/5W3]^)6N<E_Z3D
MT%QL'J$].CA'KFC^.Z@L^3 EJ?R,@<1H][\FG<([X1.G4W0\EV[!#\8HQ9\9
M020RH/$+6!4]6U/82M]


-\F4H5HOMN-S(B
H.I

7SOL;F&P

_UPI:[HE7LMDFQR


MIZ?.X[ OF-4@Z[:4
.4SB:FNNUTDEM:_8+]%KH+GLA4GE4BFF%.HOOVJO.!I



7E/2
5P)#3B*(G'?0B_$_+^94:M
38#
MJIR8ED,J53AK*MG/.Z\^^0*9CN@^:\S\:K$)[C&?UTZ,$CTSW=.1.:PNF)

-A%L.N'?K^X+NE-P?N[0RR#MA.F9 I9.


_D




'-\BNH?@8=I^( 1'^-YS[CQ\Y Q
MF%2#
_IB M5@^FMNN'0A2P9N/ J




7P@;PD'V!\

M_F'RPJB


M(]LSXRF8?W/.#
![9H2;%4P(]-]Z#I6D+\29;\_CX/P*UKAOQD]?[J]^+HD%



 :\F @\(81*@B

MA

M_P




M'@8O(XTPM:$MCWKOZ*S%LQGV)7:0M)^P]PR#4VG
=BXVB )D5I7'^#O^#[


MP8TM#EW

















J&8EX'&)O3/\L?J\8#H&
0+J$


M


34%)/39H ?-81WW7R#\NW#NQ;@;KR



J; _:=M-X4

M:OU7*(J92(GEEVK1N8J2R2_C(39D'5;=\J=JOB@=&T7G2? ^SSQMLVNR0MO
MD9ZY02B)GFTUB'W:MW93F-XQ&R',1E1R.Y6-8GLO;;&U


UPC4;4LGD: U9W@#.(9SD8T[VM7T7-%@X=YY?
M
9DO(NSUT -F:
[7$^.E4&3X!?@9T3

M!&*N0D5Y#Q.(B!V:

M/J/Y$00/6.10Y65.TVNPR3NVE^G!(@


M4$


JF\G-VHJ&5+23/AKRB_C8-,FJ_*QIKVF#R*+\),_I?S/RX#.;[%X'EFD
MV_DK@Q#4)A<UPQ?.L%W((2 <;L5H3&?7[TT'$8CY
\




O&F^LGN]0X_%$SG%QB7


AAA.B)\QA:C A^&S[RUA[@]M5N0;


[S8P_8EB^KRR^IXX\LC6F&H#_-




MDH)MLMN.RH=-Q

MU!VS.U3/$:

I?&
MM;:-HO)6Y+NZC-=XOPRE1?D3G0T.COM.PL8QZ!V3.^MIZO2FK67QI!VEZ

MIBWN2PI@:$.




YPW

0?EP@

M_XRC8CX@#0$O(F+?KV9A.=_X6

MP=!%THV#^1:





-0
MZG@
(Y4&HJ





4F6)%*ZK@&D0Q*(79Y&
;W(.L&LOG;BKP!8YSX-C?K4^ROP\LN:
H 9EV2=*57
MR8AKRJWSJ@2D-0F_!G#698&..2
1GYWQS1E*VJN^VCKG8XBD8?2EWHUX3W/*


MM G

MO[T;


=F'5)I(ED96:@J;#.[22^\XE;
QSHZZSS7)NJ[F1N6OMP5:5E
M&$&L2R#-8J?P61SV)RP]DR/:M&[%HP&T=;DRUZXLK.HJK'
K=KD



LC8+7Q'!8


]BMW[&_) 
$-?%R2\

MVCKG5XC=8_Y8P0TFR[N8A1HWN ;&N@RW?[OL*]VT6FB=RS21*S^14][WH\W[

*K!:($9U%W=6VW





 I3P*U+)F53&B9=NIIWD?HQHN(B
AK!7'H2

M:O
QK;&LRSE\%/=C71'E7D1MS7^0WX^'(33[)8*?_P902P
$%     @ !81_
M4IZRF0?G'   .+4! !4   !E87-T+3(P
C Q
C

M! H/ A1(@
ZD

MY#R=HI^#2S'GX)?80HS4*#LY^?(%F23]!9G
 L.$;S10(+B+\H._X4O'_S








:J@^:;PM4/AMAI((.\[3WY?8Q$QHE4/W2?
QR&=G7HR
M$BL'9)O$YB'6;P@FKN:'BWS.(5Y*X5*(-L47L1819&&BKF&UK6YG
]!]H(-




](Y2F]G.+=L-3L5D/U\R3RO&RJ7NX$)



MN,NVQ)'35Q#9(=ZU+=#]I@IZI$H!1@B:]0CL1URP Q25ZJ:'K
)O4HE0+T


\P#SNE




2$CM:4\3






XQH;]@G5$#Z7)
M&=$$WV20

M=R5;U(455B^8BIW@B88@2KU#/58[W22=AYAV/%6\A$6['2JA]+1VX%1K.GQ[





;^H:0=#7]FI=&(Q=_

0

CPD3

MF-6

LPZI6A/-J




R1Z-5L*HU.0I7@\Y(=AN)POZ9P).\\X







=W+]3%]
:N39^






MB%0U$C@


M26RN_

84MT'




CBD&F.73I@;DFQUH\F0C


M+8397Y+ILS!5'MG+RZE.8!YF\:(\JUCO^ZQ(;MS:]&

ME
9D?V^3DQHT:
(.0+3H

M:!@V(





P<VDBS+\
MJ]\Q8)AYV%?]4-TV.$?D;23RV+Q!OKM=^E829, *O73W:DHFI?DM3IM& N/

]_VF

MY+*%-Y)DEEY69-L5EK7A[-




!ZG3C


CVPX(&T-


M5:EHTZ9DJ%UG?
X-2BUSKQ*^BK9KE-&(
VV\#25Z+LTP^6G#[SH=M&PKEJ7C




'\KNI7
MSYA__&[




;]M%N*TKN)ABY#_X(@NWMVYO$I'K
M6#:0)6P(;MP&@#NVX P95*XO%!K2%CAC=H
')/KRW<&- )6=..V


7


M1S%TUAY#$TX/3H4T534\ 24@^+

7S&V%3DBUVF[%6MHD]-8]'T\ ^D#/%\]

MHZC[H0E%V]U=#E



M\O%:-^*IH6R6O#



]0]AL9


  $$ P 5    96%S
M=TR
#(P
3(S




MUL
NX_CAZ_[^T]/3VP _VD\X_!&]=?!*;KQ;G(0.6@]V=GMZ8?W;X:EU^.[P

VI&?#TBS=^_)O]X?W!V^^_KN\.OA
ME_\O^=#8CI-H_=!WS^_R?[+N?_6]X
=7^J][.T(6@2B(OCY'WJ]O2KP^O7^+


L0S7]]0T?9*S2*/OQ?9?K&








[/\QHB:B=DW3^


MV 3\&^3@@
I193?8QMC]\'N*YB@DVD*^W\%-U
;8W7O/E5\FZ1&ZIWUOXV*E
MOTW3T

MWW9^[$4.&0!%-- _?86^HWB)W1W$T0D!IDCN'(=_4


_U5BB(TN22_$%EV:Q'\8)XGS3=S]OL




MODF-DKUW!WF&Z[_F7\_6M!)YH@OR
:KMO .EWY9P.#MEY

0.(?O!H_.


MR%!/)U==VX&:
]90L1:Q!()MKI
#A!@TYGRL0=2-]3]F$U1[L@O&&
MBKL

%KFHG/.V^6'

M*DF33?*X3+)YG[@XK]
_B9S/'PX!QX;R..;BU9P=$+26O5$5ZMB:-%GA
/;^

1&-X$]
M1/_8]*6$;WIW3W;]4J *J9^W22VU[R%Q1^TJH KE7[8ISP=+
W8VPUF;\:S-

MIZAW%%MDLL;=T\6\]*BG$?MXE+NUCK/CW
PMS[BRK$UE:VO*^5=;8VO?MX
MK^K7&U6(K:UM60\K[](]A3)7'%4HKJUII1'2=WYKC![TEWO[49GXP]HZ1OI:









MF5Z[EZF1






M9N5.QE@B-=$+P*IS;K[]L2-: [


MBS[897:@J4*X?&H?GW0(HY;GG
(HO [Q(K17-.+M(M4R[Y'&-WFLG%K:4=C/






M
6&+O3^6_!W'[$(?5.WZ(XSKQL
*2-AC
?Y!W8

AJTI
^!^WC#_
M_.:@;U
RJ%&0P*:[P6BJLP'BV+*O^*(44CV/=DU[L@%O%:KS+= UXS02^#

7FH IFZ\2+P
M_N2Y
=7&

<[SFM]*-G6]

M=Y08[Q


_C$SL(B+%A!^ZQMSC&
;$L3S


EKT70=A%_A#]X-PWUDD8ZR3TL:B/

A1])X0HEJ$P.*NT6








-26&W*%ZJ4'EZ*43$@
M(**F-V
LQQC+

LQQG+L:H6.L1QFQG)T=O92
:W3^TPSDYN3
M+JXRRHREH$;L


6'VJN$O7$

+X2W:K8F]-XR;MRJ=OG_E2:
M!K /*IQQCOU=.2__D%4YX7@HNP








54(


TZG#M[+
MCE$3

!M'1^GH
M**VC%!6\1\AYN\/^R[R


M?C):]NY3@+04B\DTU'50MJ[I67_5]N%L4;C]9A\


DBO$*A7^$
L<%C8,7-DK83'\D!ZPG2:






M






M[
L






9?.IPT?)7YN=R:&/N#$G6=
M=MC5V.5V$/GRMEVYM;8L]\:[PFW:X9UAEUM#+XR1PD12:3\[&-H.L4X]*/6.
MMXDJ4J^VGQT

MJD2;@\]@@5UO*Z:-#SR0)3:)A-6C]G!ZW+U







)U^D )'[0JX1W/(R_(^QNBB+ 7H[/Y'#FT+M$U


M7W48ES:91S(.KD//H9-(^AT'.JC+ .#BDPX:=09-F#3Z579VI&W-!P6B&?2


0Y#_$16WQ/[@?P2O\ HJHQB/J#JW$#8

YV-9V6!6
M


!F









M





L

MUBYF2^

:']\I2*-X3BJ
[$F6';A6

/BL\9*SF
EY_%X7;8:




B?]
M+
N& 6CDHMX9R+WNL*]#[Y'

MX+\1\:@(O=Z^]\R!-@0/L $)7W/BP'JQS8ZB:&EV'!:MXMO-_[&6X[R/!L
M9OS!FE;1B@

MR;0OBDNO
M-9U]UK-4\5\3+$$T!


MM6FKF=DK$I
GTZX^N%W:(:*W3;G4\B%L9TELI2NACU\V;?)BFEG&_8]]JW
M YE;8;MYFI[5C@TO[H%?0Y?%X:N2R8NO+G7K]T[C)WRWQ$ED!RZ]3-Y[CA$*
MLHW914#34+Q'1

M#EA:^VH!EQ

M=)X'*I!%PD'E?4

M[XXLO:IGSS2E.UA





MH$89X%AKPF_ZK]]1NNW+F.78
&T^Y17K$
@MJ#R:DX!Y5OH-X8/
JV0KEN7P
M4=Y$








M&%]O8BQ=8H@W9OBJ-)8NZ:MTB0&%#7[L@9F9UW$T+4]7%C_31-5R44#?%9




MB5UN\

)GRBL@[


MOKO3^47@TA4]L7W \4[: DWU.=MW0@2+^.IEN]8



2$#\$*EU[X^3B*R+8RBB?./Q(LRB7)7*[##JUBR!.(P
MK2@5BUSZ,41/Y]$5STKF@@,6!,1BWQG6)G<FK7\OX]KJCFOR9!)Y]AP@!

M=HD6MI\=@0(+%FE5:S3L18K%$03'+M=R*X
AB 
B3;0&;''DA@$*.UDT.I:K



M2DLVN)OE0A8_WAC#1E3
F9GGBU4NOMLQF53BEU-N&1NXS[ QK'/2MNL=L#NS


 -OPB&:C8

%[2GN









MERHFK9#8=ZGWUY[413[:[79Z-LI

+U
M5,:YG$\GGT689=N9CA.;8C/W]62]R)T9S^CZ 3[/G)B9MFAO#FKM?EXP%2#



O^;=ANK&S=Y?N


M9OP

MY/NF^KO'#*_D8.(L^X[I?Y?@-:WQB'WH1_:A=S^P#_VF^NOKX ''WR F23FI




*Z!VQ#.=\Q#*H
M
MOXC0580=O$5)2- G%R\O/=-_^;:*])/H+D_W/?_YN;W0,770%R?U6(M3

MUQ)






M+P6. @(T+0?^X)(#Y




M


E0


AX)]I
MH!81J%&;.0QE081O<8C)$QM!Z^*00M)=(-)W4<BJ9AWAIBQ;&(:.6-+ =



ML'J\$N1E$)*8:'LVF:#3A6(ET

2'TBD4J@4FW=NR!Z3


M#5'P;)1F/L$I!3Y 95*J-%3&UN
TTQ_Z% E[#+HZ &WHXQ<

M\#PSCN@ ?+H'OI6'$]+PRV


W/V00PU:

E?:SBM9/8/I^[-+N64M@NT4Z:/JG*IWN:%^2


K-GVZ\[UJ Y

M

/@V&G1X
(@T#

PJ7\O1&^]MR80;6=F;)]#;ZG?98^X6SQD//3S;WR
MD/SNZHZV%%9]0[OSHW?6J!)KPD]L?,RM92?ZBXOA]_B-3N7'0%F^-)_)&+

D
!
%+KZ[LFYKG@IS#X#.D*@J!#IN1$*8RH-&+B
M7NBQH$@BAN8R#M82QWJ_NZ*#%%9-@\Z/(*I?AJA?[8T
8D)^)@:[+&
@21X&

B['5
:8'?'E@IA$RR0:@8:S*EDR],]5JJ-3SR*=?



PLLX#=13GHZ
6R9(X'6)T!( Q 


M[$C3DO1#&0&JG#-&$Z]+&9R


MEX23 VQ3JRL!AD126
)A&RX$B0K5-H85(P19]\10P!7YT1
$1A
Y.M6QFX#K
M_ 2#-F=!_LA2+=)_L10C3T%





ASS.
M*(TS2:=$*M(BB*]MIY&J@18S C(JWF0IY7CQRO(X%2S'+IV2;-DJFGK8I5=Q



)@B&(CITPM


M=+@FP0/+ TSX&X&M%R7S\HT

MP&_KAU)^=XY7)3%[\&1UNZ(CD[!$S$M#NNHI2&2;]BQG7BO.3L3KU;7[UE

MQR*Y




MJR1
:JV&2<1 \


TZQ@6I N
M9NKPYJ2M6?6$1[8/MNII^7:JP]L'F@1#_FG\L%@MAKAE:KWLYWN]SVZAS_
*
MGW&+U7I]KWO(&UQ$5708YD-+9CT ';KA













\O
M2EF63OONXA29


^A%+:;3Y
.A-/4X2*T3O;P_<^PPHD(3$@DSB18Y[*LBW8W/ZJ
MGMXR/0^LD?=R)T\%6WH7KR\



Q^=N6]$(:$:J4-GLQH
01






TG&^RRCX&^XT





MJ
MMZR'O







5


'4\G%N'H]/7G'-.Q0Y/

M8: 5

'7T_Q^6_6TOZ


(G


M\6


V&1: &?NJ@12R^ =7+]@(F


FV(#C(?&P!M^0YZ=8V5$#RHK0 B=I2'&$<_QT5Q


3MFVES
^^X%H3
M!G7MAT*'+P9:&X4Y&#YP
=#2XE'
_X;Y
G#=@S2#Z.ZZ1]A\ =RJAV49';QF
M.




%LM;2]7-D%-
M(^^24T;8;5(IA:'M,IB NRJI
L]!4(G#%N6-C
YAE#6]M4BE*G%?='.%
I4

'%(*8P65;F5?)
M*LTVW#?3B\NVVDYS!P]SJ9-
V$X5S*+F

7V6\9DL*']MORMADY#C F+

M&&W).S\G@:^F



MB/NTVN;G6;G+3;++:G]+UN3'V7$6F@]QLXG*8XQX9^VAR/OLK4WQ)['*X)M5



M1:9Y-JVJ-=!?:IW_A$&O.I?

?N^.7XC16

)BV
:4W0AK]ENTWJ&.=YXMI

MCG4WBFVUP5!_


\GG(;AAU[%QUA:!UXV


R
T;5D\:O[?
$T



M7)
OTS2ZX *=TDO[P#?

21Q3SZZ2
M@J(F#W&UVVL](!QHPR5E1[G7YNP@ V!(.P9UG[6U#<[:O154FH$\VK3RWA2&
MAQH!QVIM*!YFX;AX;1[ ]KG,&%Z;AD'A_<G(O,BKU'[D5\PVP-AE.H_?Q%Z

M^$U*3H\
6#G0.0N@U0##8N8PNY]BW8P



H\
N5%W5IK






M22WN.J&+#G0_?8M



MSG?XDE8$VQ)C \7/I'@\V^5%NL&979@::L3MO'2



M9NI(#Z/L.!/.NMP#Z#E&WSLI#P M9&8JK7 R=NU
QLC)3OXR.'S)K]I0X[E%


OZ8U9
MU
M@+Y+O@UVJ\T^:V4P7!R*6'B[F.HC;@U+ A:)

MYI38WP%+B'VUV=*! VL\RXQ.Y;=I'L3+U76:K*_)$XY*U%=)&.\BDJSEI6#9


B88# 4ORN^S5
M4:D/@YJW.

3LD,9AKC9G
M-<:9\<[.P[&+A[9+8ZBRUGD3O6,/1H2\Q]QM(OQ<E6/@C]DZ6Z['_K*=V3+




/9XS**-/GT [=S+NQ D\%EI#-41
ML$=-VLVLNU=*O:T/&@R.F=:6?(7/@:ZJ(JFE&3!T'H]='U_A/]N^][SUP/%

M5TW/%QO


W70&2$RZHQR@!3

X
MM#D+62L58-Y4!7Q


5806P@OT^QSD&5!

M@^UYZ@W&N:T(_
.

N6):SFRQ](A&.3E]91W*5



M@BTI FF'VY=P-KR10VM&+]V?O;=A-2;Q-?AUF7;YN91&82GNN$GF6?'76XH+
M+UY()X1V?H#3I.2PQ 3M&SS@H1!W,X4A_[M( \F?EIMWG V7+5[(]7#XRI




MH)WP8L







$80AT


BL=Z

P4S KCXXE38UH H@T..AX
M9]40E'V.+7=%7@1)Q%GF*+QTLKCKD[C?!3&6WAD:;L-9:!KK7A.XAAJ <G[T
M$/#*5/VFW_^L21.[4-#ND-I!Y;&L$]!9/.8PAI#^B'?.=:V


M^@KG-#Y+\R)?KEBBU/PNC56S^8


%?
_+UA$M-T7


MX;]@S W9?RS)GK#L'SBZ5TU1IO)&?FMRG[K@:


MB J[0




ZTKG6@$5213(HE&)TND%I\!&P\M2Z@T6'5^(6CCJZVWMEE*P.R%LE?


&%E7(9]9X96N9\L60B6Q'*5HW1]U[T1F\%A'+#IG
M^K2NU]-9_BPF#2-2#W

78V&
WTN2VX721&;P2=)2
MF#R*]PI'UUC.\0I3'Z/J$OYD+45E%V@ST1?#R#8B-WK$#43K4+]UU
(H*Z7]

M5

IN'

+DI8.B5G


;MRQ?-9*8IIB &7




G3.U0'6*?PNFL/+$5E;H^F:MN8]V@[



MDSB6NBPFE)IP*C+XR]!GK2.+\M#9Z\#/0NF&W;M\-.G/YHU:O2187B*G@.'K

EA-

%?KJX$[56K&*KDB@7AZ
92;\C+#()\T
MA?. XNCI0R&B

SOO)Q
M&N0DI('^G



]CD)?I2[?2
M:^

ML*G[




MLT$YQJ8S[Y*R4Q=*F]Q3V89V2'QBO\2['CG;1VV^@:+61Z!UM(J%$)T\M(41


ML00H6U5J%I2:E'#/3 M%5 U\.-3-;




MX=
. ?-2!]P(\!QOTYPH%USV/SL^Y] !U3OCP'_S3@H%(




P(UM)


 U
G[+H\U7) )^HL=*G:(4F!HHH0F#Q:@6'+W2


2);0^2[C@24$EJ[ YYPMFPYAK.@AZUMNYSO\;\4


M.9JRU

[AHZ.QC+TPD;Z(\YP
MP 2/B]$'%@U


SRD^]8V7@;K^R&IP1TU2A2)0
M<NK1FDBYJ;11Q$ZS6]Z(F?.T+WN;^RK/=S@ZI\2=3F2YOD#/N%G_HOT@*65

U

7R@PV_CE+GW 2))H$*&9%?X
#G2-JELFTP+1X:ZB&




M?X.=TMW^&VD

MRRL+Q_T1T

M:4SU4W9&\PFCEA;/\=[^[S*38_$8)*BK!.G9TO81E5O



./PRNR


M

M1]@!-XV+%SH$)71FSHXT-S\V'JMR7(RTY;T9V+IK)+_)$&S*6Z)7$!WA2MU\



M^51?5]A='C



M5ZV9#EO[/PUB=GA&-NJUT7(VE[!WH9E4F%6\4VL83B'5;:/(2)7N53F9T$.I


.GR_I+(I+'.$LB-G!FAT%\MH15I37))9=



MWF8X)#7[%QOV%..O@2KAV @CSK8 1CO8[ 4



MP1FK9Z+7

$TRL5:HO'@A.5O[72KKW4;+
M&1/L76BX85:!P19KG$+4X(KL1B?OP7)$N[E3)* :5FX-ZQ=.M19X%V_\Q$
M?OJZEZEN22_87D19!OD'GH?I*BDO4G_&+!L3CA;EZZ.=W&&Z@8(K!
[?07=;
MM

ME_
@:3+#(?KP)BCT L/2U1&V94;84]Z]VR@XJ]H2.)Z:I&T.WR%D\!B=G5


IME_VSVA

M3..'

?E]





0Y;-'%#S/F  7Q9.O5/0C*^TZ^:S?.XH.GK+0IMR!JGZ%JSF
K[+%MP.]@




^7^-*3FNIRL-*

9L$[D:;^=
]&3%95E&2.X


O[
\E$W\NI\J[N*:3YXY VZ5W S-^/J


METOK:&F9])UDW.CD#^Z.@G#D#=I8N#




OW:W$'#Q
M$K8\J;%6XW\MDVST'#++WHT6T\Q*

M7&P3KEFH/P9NAN? 6:OFN5BO





M3^I%GF
Z[F %B[**X%M.\&)O=*9)Y0VFY9$4P9KV'M7*$_T#!_0)%[+!F4G#



M.4

MA\H /\*4
Q

[*5=!K66LY&)O8N-$

MKE5T#OTJXXU





M=/X)/_-?Y*M6-HK0PN(PT$*CI3^SQ2
V3. 3RAS&(/2:).QAJPQ'A(5Z_NY@
=OC=<M9
MD]^9DLWL.R,R&X6Q,XVH9@$#XQH!.=0SC#IPK?]1N9P*_!6Y0[P0;U%4O9I
M;\I_@]W@U)W*&[1)/\H2F!.6!_-=9P9,[!J/W9+F2.3YFXD&=XI9V2(LNU]V
M0_D)YU0M_X@ESVR:A)W-SHR FQF:4O*O41HZXQ/]%E_UD+5]*YCA9E&'C4*









'6.WB

L

M^(52^#'8J
ED5'%&)DOP#9D


LM5$F;L


M-4AV0?:Z3' KN82:1UIQ9QRR -WP1R


&AJ0#24D

ME?PAK9%^3=

-@^[

MAZQ=V#/)J *


:LH\OH'6

M)R][-






MVM[L'F(2RCNDC@]2.7?-4@-S3P6)$# FJ!$*1.B,(8NMYBE;HY?%U&Z+7T
M:%*^4K8F](\A/S%IS(@[S@RL&CS(AWX=U\904%KK)-/MV)/ET)TI(MSB*
'A



M.I4DN





_Y(FMJBM#@E0
6#7I
 H5PX112WKV


S0H921HUPZWBOX;J+U&QR+)+HD

][&FT_%_LZ/IV1UX.J5:3


Q




3A
MEYN

%EEJH;T:JO2\-M@Z
M;%18C*ED#/*PJLH.;+^JFNZS5AN: V:NNOJ $YP%\8*.!Z


MY&%5I1W8?MW56B@LU5#:JJU2$V)5+3:
9D

MTID'[9 O

M?TL5Y+L*,7J;-1W 0W/XDA^H %8%382O3JK\R@-;/#1BFE(12U+*&T-H5R


MA063\F6GN/X0=%YUBX7-9;L%=]CT7V_[:+EEZ=CATWSZF=@SEQ911
IIW5FZ

TX

AMX9R9HZ%
MD)P;+$\
L 
%$3?9/D'@APGK=8;708$O=\4NP[?X5/WN!LE68;MM6P3+0




C
MZLFS$%.V:XV ]3F_-$STP+153-2ZM8


M7XJ[ [Q ]W9[N%?GZYHBB8

M#S%3@8K]XU

ML/Z;*ELP4T]QX16$!Y37D7CFNG]

.:3*
MP5XZS*



QU=-Z6OT


M/O5W_4$)W=CCA3Q?E,7-@3GUN


M30:B_99N


\WE!B

M


FD!#[*Z

M+]$K3C



MN\Q7S9[#Z?*=7MQ(BN\3HKF^'K
SM\1LA)&6I?!1OCID_GA%#KVB5PA13I5V

HN/RP(H+H=L73O/GA*[R#[)[2%I+'9[CI*LX1Q+U5

M@SD/ WW :X]$K






@
ND87M?2JKEEU4%MC]*MV1CL/$
+SEY#].2';.+T+#H3T2F#KIP
%C;U(%P5957.7M
M\.Z)$I1Z/HRU*=2R'<0M'AG36PVF+AX_[U!6@)J':/9(4_.X]L(PSWP=K%'


MK3N'1&.

G4.J$ZHG:M6:4


:T*H2C'&L@M)E=
MB 2D-:B/44*DI17ADR;(M!K&SO$GW8:-57=I))$5P^#*0+2'6 +5+1M,A37
MM764*5H2FWG0R;@N' A/\@-OO5S%S[J9T%?ML]5-5/ KVOU!:\JHW5;.+

PY6?X&<
-C.9WC;QX$;K3V]&T=XE\K


3A?+/^(X2!_C4.NB[X%NFO)0




M



M9\1( ZW;2I#2+X1DRYZ1VK6X .?YM9C%3*WY)OI7/$?VG4:#3BS7JGC+(I_]


4J?#SH. \#AY(W7V8HO1O[QHZ]$O



R+HOGD*QJ
M78/'[_549;MYL 

M8\7LA]QJ6BIE'JFKZ0NR\0A'VJ3M5P8

M^G:!E]XVI#=_(

MPZ$4?9]!M=EGC.X]8BOU;.



M:.^(O1Z)!N#C*,B(VY?9*6VQD2F*ED?

MY7J9_([
$(+TE-QLF#
ML3G$O $&47F8+L.1**K<Q@&?\Q\$8JCN4:!FEDN)W!4!8<4EC)C/6KK,V'T
MC9C&0*RD.BJ(WXN]*ZSB)7-[Q4[5&8


SX-G7CI3.T/


M
X/^3F%7[C+



M/R#Q[#1:;P*2$OJ'XL._SG[Z_L_.[
T;P+_D=+XL^WE]MA']-T\^O;M\_/
MS]^'T9/S'

MQ^SBOV9G%]??ORPI




^=9+'BR!ZUF)KI]/8
M






M%W&=


I;



M;W
.3E'^15QNQ.4RW
MW^&Q6T =K\K!7!/Q^6SN=DR-WW&-SET8+*U!L2^Q'5S!Y+%95SM]44R.8/
IK%C)8+/W&=X+^($TM%
M6=P:R.V?,+BMHA%Q%_Q@N ?8?0<WE$;


ZZ]8DK=D$\7L;JDHDB U @4]
M@-S_Z(M**45$83+,5LYO1\2]6A4\Y3!H*H!Q$7_! D-.*$*^)$_I;K2*

H


M0K\=2%5)I:]T@F)DFJW0;I1[(




M
3I_*;5XNVHTSU2$]

M3[
DC=8DKN;\JD0


N;DT(9*0K
=H/KC*IM54_*%3&
M'!_:4


MP^^BA:XVI3:N2]X#V.)UV6P-CA2W#3DI55:AU--&@^R58XP-E8!]^'\&7B(-
MY*]U\@('H[@/KQ  Q$\%/L7\(@][XY#T@D*\C[\1WU !G#$CO77)^ABA#+




MY@& ](4B:

M=OCO

(Z

M0% @I-BTFY72([D&VK7 MBQZK8L#NL-+Z/;

MVQQZ:*JIMV


J)R_QP '[8]?L4\
1]:++

MPXP2N[N_.R'+*9%N]QC?_Y.481\T

?


M9C2/R


M*$2)FF:;*

%9G$
MM2U)/D&UB$4[\G0^$6;^B('A-



ME*%QUO%TD2X$M0RZ8D_[K%F8LR-X]P@B](*QT%.&QEG24D[9C_0M2=+8=U-2




M7?[8I#V:-Z/E^Z?ABKTXEN2UL1+5]@$? 3LL'DF#Z++84
 !NP!E#\POEC47
MT&5([=M':O26NX&_?&6Y-$1-T[,!3HA$$CHH?58VB)$3P0VWL"GUD*O
MO&9/ZCE \6G@^+(:6IK#H

6*!#TXGRZWOJ8
M;ECDC!3_KO&HBMVO.
-'@


\2U!2XXR2X3L/?N +7%DR1G5ZH^=&

\$KJ78 B'0$^K

I/7'3



_LT \W


)

/

M3A
H.3=]/0!GWBC'7?XX!Q$ZZ5J' Y/W2X%LF

M.S8P.$_&4#]P(=AW*KY)57
H:D5 \39C8H3CKG0LJ.R8KQL]^+@+X)D=^J%N




@X#7K%L)XH[G%5CG

M\R;YS5OH-7]1:UD\BM*-3RNK;U4I\K=T69POET1V]M_W/* R:[Y&-]QO@(/5




X!0<:Z^]]


M
0'UBFNW0UQ 5ZS*(=E60RUF!EA JG[(XB/1&L]P&BW:CUPTT4;J^+G]JK(
MN\RJ/IC[UT.JMRWQVR,NEN:4 *M$V %]?Y%AT5HFJJM6A]E9*4@J+*Q4#K1
M

M5X243+!J[;#::7[Q$#

M
).6(3


M^
\\/5H[E\80VN)BT\[K%&7(U:MISP]E'@LY^SU/G;A!(JC&Y\WXG[*+O/
M\OZSQ@8]?_X-*D7FKHG:EE#_N2T%I_6(,C+#XICI]A-I^L6I(L=X'\*Z
#
MG[/@
\%2[(1Z[+K-RGZXF2QU$B!E:D0]D!-RZI



CH4;+1
MH@[8+'/6EO[1/





=

!;S1H
LNJW;GV]()L
M4^X4/JOULV$K/JBW&W8Z9#O#TRQF

NN
@9)'&60+L5.13?XT@PT+\IM[HZ&^
M
\A!UMQ!P8
Z'N9QKL1
M$/KM\)3O9EJN=9\D1:SE/8G7_=#CH1]*=(34CU&6:4D:\\?R'0DYP7'W2
(
5KNZ6=):I[&[=R%KWHM9X66K<


X3



;!/0L
+0Y*4=


M5E92:@J*&F


]4YVX .0.Q58=:+
[$2+D)RQQ_3\

M6BRW^;_E@_RX 1Q%^38)?'E0CNN0$6UH270?GHZKW#)
I_8KG+OB=8#H!^
8[H







;!+_ \3CN7\'0Z($Z1KW 4GY^4]Z6
/KB?(VBE]/LSB6
MIB


M*\C* _G MH!*OH:



ML
?A.Y1[HVH1O+H4)UGBAU30Y^Z_
C_Q\\H.L



X^O0^\
#]W7H\19W3?_('XD2=I@0'D(:
MQGA.V@PF[

MM#XKS (2OUY=G4I?-](: ;N


MXY8$+ \RKYJD=507CC&55__T^6('GN6MG@2M70ML:Q$
1INHZ=]_7Y
44CN@

 9B0NT XBZ-W*^7
M29(1[RQC=;]O2.Q'7OZ


MNZ(;=O4X;5-#2KXICX?GY1]T FKHK.F'F?0MEC5IBRLYK$U/Y!3I.1AVL378



M0OHHQ2^P8('F^Q.\-K/BTS
G]&:UCUOQ&


&_BU;
M$Z^L+@JJU&KZNY.[!#$+P.'<E8WIWI5FUTMTGV)J_#K]M\'[94=1]'M<FM;
M+W4_LEK[G/V77V;IM_R
W)M$887!_4B8Y//V7^;MEQ_X^A!^ANA-?U[+
&*U


B6

MSEL=EZB!4=MP:[^5[J\?VOMKK6-K5ZW_Q88=='M.W
U?O8%*.R&JWNV\;IWG

D+[86V/O507F
MBQTX?G3\D/D)%N&=4_I'=_
'*$IH?^P+Q+YXZO''#DSI'%UO.2
F$[:R]S



IOV:
D:(&S:
Y!6(@7AAAVX6G\&$OCAU3]L#<M

0HC %V@#5WW6R=!:SD8=WU37\.2




+B.XD;ON^ DW%W#&29

)&$


]YBR9EUPDX1?]/J@/MN%^Q WV%-+?$8%P.
M& K;*8H5YF$3=';RF!U^6^QS@ EQ;D3SR%ADQUGB.DI)<DM<XC\QM:0*71 T
MQSY#F 123KE-6%:G516([7;8X4%[0(_/&D-.JIHI+(HNR3UIG6;8^A#FD1*1
M9RHVD1_%T#A+S@



MLH/337&0LYS7%CN5H8?
%KVIW<X[9YJ[O[3G['6WVI:#RK?<N**]^]FL)C


Y
T@)='$/

(?KC;&O._OR




37'F!I]CG[R0W^=K64\;37!TQ!M


M+.2L)'?GFL-

M7B9)1KPS.MMP510A^LT)V+

5.P.^I-^N$3G^)-6F[I3L[

CJ)XCAZIGOZJ;.A?Y$5Z]8;!;N  3S0O@=SIE!U
MLE;%.017H/Q9)X:^7K(Y/-:C-+)RRRP0-K4=NV_)IGQF8K&DIEKH^ALGN PU
M7K@;-NR4JLF.PL'I6UQ:;% _FM=K-&R7A3FY$3^C]\V(B^(=OI[C8?M(#(N
MX&6^;T5H%$_[]1L.V^%B5F0$C_T=@
3 ! '?@=
;W\&P\=X#PSMVW!&7TN\U
M#TZP-R;^W#YEE&/-BL%FU6B6O3;!.RDGGR1]K(A-W22V;D0,(XYNK:$XMB?
MHWM//[!8SJF:5=$G:8K:#XA+ 04V)&L6YM6


MQ?*J%D C\K^+VX-= [B^ 27%=BR:*WL3M



I#:#JC5NM_Y%$
MJ]C9/+)G#
45727-IX2)G!(C*0TP-

1-'


*J$&W$/

L .U;=WZ+9'L#N.6N%'(G. %
MC]
+0CGL!(RRC$[DM=%8C.PH@R
G8*B=2BWX1^3H=$2D(?

Y]H1OX,\MD&( $BW]8;+9C0Q0IG^RT1X(^S SFAA,XP CF/SI(ZOD
M=4FW@2(NF_E[DH2D7M1K


)]= _/D'#0.Q^DYN'Q9?FCFA
M-ZM]ZV@ACDU
!]P^CBRM029GW?5@D1T*NS-Q1G7YNU*/L=)6]-\%\T.O5&LZ
M4&N
.3V+;C@'IY_;UN'!QYB*O8:$E.VG9\#)*1]USQ_#$5N;;F-[IK-S_4H^
MY^LH3OT_'$FUL1[C3

M=753]I-BDLH4KES^\ZKS?M!OIW9Q
E?TUFQ7B6Y546DU*?J]OML$/])OM&

$-(5CWE&D\@S.O/IF9(V3L[7FR!Z):3
M

[X3O]XY;$O)
MO0?R?%Q)EREH8S45=F3CUJ;%WC9;+&L/+:KR<B%]+<%*)7]MV 4F;'S;V+_
#D%6E'5@]0E9!#E5#ZJ 9RFV#7WI9+5?DY!1*D=JJQ\%4 %0JL9U#%G

M*=F1$WHW@1-V7X[G'%B
?

[KR_CFZ?XRRQ D]^LT[_R4E


GWB^#(N]]0MA#ST3;T[UKK

(!];6%*

M

1





'H <EEL$\Z28ED/.I^PO
M/F*.]J,,<I:HH4(G8TU@.D4M]@O)-W(0_E:+]DP@G-EHT9ZI'JB',JWB[9(
&K/9#IU1[!0FHB





PS^8)6?DA
M^_W83A=#DP0*M['W^7;2/'QC%W;99A\7'*&CQT3U_&:HY
1'Y'/JS9++VE





MUF@WU^/P7


MMQ:=



7;#=D-AE3%M135^FM]$?





MUO:4TX92[
4WLR7[@#5=:@7M!I5S



@TO&Y&=Y^Q
ML.\61MD*P5G=$\TLD]9_&DE*Y(-A5P 8*B805EFB$%#2?8T%ML!VVNKSAE


C R
#$R


C R
#$R
S$N


C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (  6$?U);K/RL
M@S
  $$ P 5                54] 0!E87-T+3(P
C Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      %A']2WO[NIH&)  #N& @ %0              @ $+

