

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-15-000617
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001534708
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				203937596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54959
		FILM NUMBER:		15739893
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KINGS JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-419-4924
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1805 SE MARTIN LUTHER KINGS JR. BLVD.
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97214
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111110









     



U. S. SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549







For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014




For
the transition period from ___________ to _____________



EASTSIDE DISTILLING
inc.
(Name
of small business issuer as specified in its charter)



    
    

    
        
        
    
        
        



Portland
 Oregon 97214


including zip code)


 including
area code: 

Section 12(b)&nbsp;of the Act: 


 $.0001 par value




Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act: 
Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 day. 
Yes 


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulations S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
if the Exchange Act.



    
    

    
    

    
    



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes 


of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30
 2014 was approximately $3
515
000.


 2015
 45
512
500
shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding.





    
    





 Inc.
is referred to herein as &ldquo;Eastside
&rdquo; &ldquo;ESDI
&rdquo; &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;we&rdquo;.






on February 11
 2004 in Nevada as Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. Until closing of the Acquisition (described below)
 Eurocan operated solely
as an online marketing and media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media
 which business was conducted through
Eurocan&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 NY (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;).


 2014
we changed our corporate name to &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rdquo; from Eurocan Holdings Ltd
 to reflect our recent acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC resulting in us primarily conducting Eastside&rsquo;s business (See &ldquo;The Acquisition of Eastside
Distilling
 LLC&rdquo; below).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Until February 3
 2015
 we continued to operate our online marketing and media
solutions&rsquo; business through MWW (See Spin-Off of MWW&rdquo; below).

The Acquisition of Eastside Distilling
LLC


 2014
Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;)
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
by and among the Company
 Eastside
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Eastside
merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares (the
&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
 upon consummation of the Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 40
000
000
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares are held by the former members of Eastside.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
issuance of these Shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
pursuant to exemptions afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
 Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
 and/or
Regulation S promulgated thereunder.


of the Acquisition
 our officers and directors resigned
 and appointed Steven Earles and Lenny Gotter as directors to our board
of directors. In addition
 the Company appointed Mr. Earles as Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman and
Mr. Gotter as Chief Operating Officer and Secretary.


we conducted the business of Eastside as our primary business.


developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
and vodka. Eastside currently distributes its products in seven states (Oregon
 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho
and Maryland).&nbsp;&nbsp;Eastside also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties and merchandise sales
from its distillery and showroom located on the Distillery Row in Portland
 Oregon.


    
    





of the Acquisition
 our new management conducted an evaluation of the MWW business and an analysis of the business going forward.
Management determined that due to MWW&rsquo;s operating and net losses in each of the last two fiscal years
 its working capital
deficit as of the end of the latest fiscal year and as of the latest fiscal quarter
 its accumulated deficit
 it was not in the
best interest of our company and our stockholders to continue the operation of MWW going forward. Accordingly
 on February 3
 2015
we transferred all shares of MWW held by us along with all assets and liabilities related to MWW to Michael Williams in consideration
of MWW&rsquo;s and Mr. Williams&rsquo; full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWW and the MWW business. Mr. Williams
is the sole officer
 director and employee of MWW. The spinoff of MWW resulted in an impairment of goodwill related to the Acquisition
of approximately $3.2 million in December of 2014.




 2014
we completed an offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) of 5
512
500 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (&ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;) at a price of $0.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $2
205
000. The Offering was made to accredited
investors and was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. We intend to use the net proceeds
from the Offering for the build-out of new facility
 marketing expenditures
 repayment of indebtedness and working capital and
general corporate purposes. Steven Earles
 our president and chief executive officer
 purchased 37
500 shares of Common Stock in
the Offering for $15
000 in cash in the Offering.



Our
executive offices are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. Our telephone number is (971) 888-4264
. The information on
 or that may be
 accessed
from our website is not part of this annual report.



We
are a manufacturer
 developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
whiskey

 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania

 tasting room tours
 private
parties and merchandise sales from its distillery and showroom located on the Distillery Row in Portland
 Oregon. In addition
we recently started opening retail stores in shopping centers in the Portland area which provides additional revenues for sale
of our products.



U.S. Distilled Spirits
Industry Overview


spirits industry is very competitive. We compete based on taste
 product quality
 brand image
 and price. While the industry is
highly fragmented
 major competitors include Bacardi Limited
 Beam
 Inc.
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
Diageo PLC
 LVMH Mo&euml;t Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 and R&eacute;my Cointreau S.A.


Spirits Council
 domestic alcoholic beverage sales in the U.S. have grown from $37.86 billion in 1999 to $62.13 billion in 2012.
Sales of distilled spirits have the highest compound annual growth rate in recent years at a rate of 5.69% from 2000-2012 as compared
to 4.42% for wine and 2.79% for beer during that same period.


    
    



market had total revenues of $316 billion in 2013
 representing a compound average growth rate (CAGR) of 3.4% between 2009 and
2013
 according to MarketLine. The performance of the market is forecast to accelerate with an anticipated CAGR of 4.2% for the
five year period 2013-2018
 which is expected to drive the market to a value of approximately $388 billion by the end of 2018.


 such as Eastside
 (i.e.
distilled spirits plants (DSP) bottling less than 100
 quarter of 2012
from less than 100 DSPs in the first quarter of 2010. In addition
 craft distillers produced 1.2 million 9-Liter cases in the 12
months ended September 30
 2012 from 700
000 cases in 2010.


over the course of the last decade has contributed to the increase in revenues for the industry in general. Since 2002
 over 16
states have adopted Sunday sales of distilled spirits for a total of 36 nationally. Also since 2002
 more than 17 states have passed
legislation to allow distilled spirits tastings at liquor stores for a total of 44 states that allow some form of tasting. Council
data show that while 2003-2012 supplier sales of value&ndash;priced products have grown from $3.75 billion to $4.08 billion
 a
24.5% rate of growth
 super-premium products have grown from $1.48 billion to $3.90 billion
 a 163% rate of growth.




 develop
produce and market the premium brands listed below.

.
We develop
 market and produce two premium
 barrel&ndash;aged bourbons: Burnside Bourbon and Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon. Our Burnside
Bourbon is aged in oak barrels
 is 96 proof and won a Gold Medal in the MicroLiquor Spirt Awards in 2014 and another from Beverage
Tasting Institute. Our Oregon Oak Burnside Bourbon is produced in limited quantities and aged for an additional 90 days in Oregon
heavily charred oak barrels and we consider it an &ldquo;ultra-premium&rdquo; brand. Our Burnside Bourbon brands accounted for
approximately 40% of our revenues for each of our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years
 respectively.

.
We develop
 market and produce two distinctive whiskeys: Cherry Bomb Whiskey and Marionberry Whiskey. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey combines
handcrafted small batch whiskey with a blast of real Oregon cherries. Our Cherry Bomb Whiskey won a gold medal from the American
Wine Society and was also awarded a gold medal for taste and a silver medal for package design in the MircroLiquor Spirit Awards.
Our Marionberry whiskey combines Oregon marionberries (a hybrid blackberry) with premium aged whiskey and was awarded two silver
medals in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards for taste and package design. Our distinctive whiskeys accounted for approximately 10%
of our revenues for each of our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years
 respectively.

.
We develop
 market and produce 4 rums under the Below Deck brand name: Below Deck Silver Rum
 Below Deck Spiced Rum
 Below Deck
Coffee Rum and Below Deck Ginger Rum. Below Deck&rsquo;s Silver Rum is Eastside&rsquo;s original rum. Below Deck Spiced Rum is
double-distilled from molasses and infused with exotic spices and won a triple gold medal for taste and a bronze medal for package
design in the MicroLiquor Spirit Awards. Our Below Deck Coffee Rum is double-distilled and infused with coffee flavors from Arabica
bean and won a silver medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition and our Below Deck Ginger Rum is infused with natural
ginger. Our Below Deck Rums accounted for approximately 10% of our revenues for each of our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years
 respectively.

.
Eastside develops
 markets and produces a premium potato vodka under the brand name Portland Potato Vodka which is distilled from
potatoes rather than grain and as such is gluten free. Eastside Portland Potato Vodka was awarded a silver medal from the American
Wine Society as well as a gold medal from the Beverage Tasting Institute which also gave it a &ldquo;Best Buy&rdquo; rating. Our
Portland Premium Vodka accounted for approximately 30% of our revenues for each of our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years
 respectively.


    
    


Seasonal/Limited
. In addition to our premium bourbons
 whiskeys
 rum and vodka
 Eastside creates seasonal and limited-edition
handmade products such as Advocaat (eggnog) Liqueur
 Peppermint Bark Liqueur
 Bier Schnapps and Holiday Spiced Liqueur.




from hosting special events
 such as tastings. In our current facility
 we have generated as much as $95
000 in revenues from our
tasting room in a single month during the holiday season (November/December). Our new facility is substantially larger and in addition
to potential increased tasting room revenues
 we expect to have space to host private parties
 food tasting events and even concerts.
We also sell merchandise and in-store bottle sales from our facility.



We
recently started opening retail stores in shopping centers in the Portland
 Oregon area which provides us with additional revenues

 we opened a 1
200 square foot retail store in Clackamas Town Center (Happy
Valley Town Center) and in January 2015
 entered into a lease for 3
100 square feet of retail space in the Washington Square Center
in Portland
 Oregon. We also had two additional holiday season retail locations within high-traffic shopping malls in the Portland
Oregon metro region.




competitive strengths will enable the implementation of our growth strategies:

Award Winning Diverse
Product Line: 
 many of which have won awards
for taste and/or product design. In addition
 premium craft spirits have experienced a compound annual growth rate of 7.6% over
the last decade
 which is higher than the 5.5% compound annual growth rate for mass produced spirits. Our sales of premium brands
has increased by 45% since 2010. We believe our diverse
 recognized and profitable product line in this growing market will enable
us to establish a presence in new geographic markets and enable us to procure additional distributors for our products.

High Product Margin.

 many of which exceed 50%. High profit margins on our products should contribute
to a strong balance sheet
 which we expect potential financing sources and strategic partners
 such as distributors and suppliers
will find attractive.

:
We recently signed a lease for a new 41
000 square foot distillery that when fully operational is expected to be capable of producing
up to 1 million cases per year
 representing a significant increase in production capability from of our existing facility (6
400
cases in 2014). Our expected production of cases is expected to increase each year after moving into our new facility. We expect
the new distillery will enable us to start producing American whiskey and specialty gin. In addition
 this new distillery should
enable us to recognize additional income from tastings and other special events.


    
    


:
We recently signed a distribution agreement with Young&rsquo;s Market Company
 the fourth largest wine and spirits distributor
in the United States. Young&rsquo;s is our exclusive broker in Oregon and has the intention to distribute our products nationwide.
We are also in discussions with other national distributors. We have also recently engaged Blackheath Beverage Group
 an outsource
sales and marketing company
 and Park Street Imports
 a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol
and beverage distributors. We believe these relationships will facilitate our goal of having our premium spirits sold and distributed
nationwide.

Experienced Management
Team:
start-up companies. Our senior management team has worked together in the premium beverage industry for over 5 years.




continue building Eastside into a profitable national spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium
spirits brands. We expect to have nationwide distribution of our products within the next 48 months. To achieve this
 we continue
to seek to:

Grow our distribution
network.
have relationships with regional distributors in Georgia
 Minnesota
 and Washington. We are also in discussions with several other
national distributors. We believe continuing to expand our distribution network will enable us to penetrate additional geographic
markets more quickly.

Increase production.

to increase each year after moving into our new facility. We believe our increased production capacity will make us more attractive
to distribution partners and will also generate additional revenues and profits.

Listing
of Products in Control States and Top Consumption States. 
states
 we will initially focus our efforts on the 18 liquor control states where distilled spirits are sold through
state-owned and operated stores known as ABC (alcohol beverage control) stores. Sales to ABC stores are made on a net-30
basis

 Pennsylvania
 Idaho and Maryland are the control states in
which we currently sell our products. In addition
 we also intend to focus distribution efforts in top consumption states
such as California
 Florida
 Illinois
 New York and Texas.

Selectively add
new brands to our portfolio.&nbsp;
the new distillery will enable us to start producing American whiskey and specialty gin. In addition
 we intend to distribute a
private-label tequila in the future.

&nbsp;We
intend to use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration for our brands.

In-House Tasting
Room
revenues these tastings generate
 we value the immediate customer feedback during these events which is instrumental in creating
better products and testing new flavors

Continue
Opening Retail Stores and Kiosks
200 square foot retail store in Clackamas Town Center mall
and in January 2015 we signed a lease for 3
001 square foot retail store in the Washington Town Center in Portland
 Oregon. In
addition
 we also had two additional holiday season retail locations within high-traffic shopping malls in the Portland
 Oregon
metro region. We intend to open additional retail stores and kiosks to build local brand awareness and direct-to-consumer retail
sales.


    
    





in the production and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This is a
multi-stage process that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol is processed
and/or aged in various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is designed to
remove all other chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality with minimal
harshness. Achieving a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.


rather than removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following techniques: infusion
of fruit
 addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types
of casks for extended periods of time
 and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each
brand. After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled. This involves
several important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles in
various configurations for shipment.


number of suppliers for the sourcing of our products and raw materials. However
 we produce and bottle our spirits for distribution.




that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our strengths. We currently have
distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in seven (7) U.S. states. In July 2014
 we engaged Young&rsquo;s
Market Company
 a nationally recognized distributor of wines
 spirits and selected beverages to serve as our exclusive broker in
the state of Oregon.



&nbsp;Importers
of beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand
is first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either
&ldquo;open&rdquo; states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held
companies. In the 18 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The
distributors and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other
outlets licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate
geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the
products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict
control over pricing and profit.


has consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently eight major spirits
companies
 each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
 are required
by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing influence
over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized
by the distributors.

&nbsp;We
currently hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S.
Treasury Department
 and the requisite state license in Oregon
 Washington
 Nevada
 California
 Georgia
 Maryland
 Minnesota
 Pennsylvania
Idaho
 Montana and Utah.


    
    



in our warehouse and shipped nationally by our network of licensed and bonded carriers.

Wholesalers and
&nbsp;In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned
agencies performing this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for
product placement and for retail store penetration. We currently have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements
with any of our U.S. alcohol distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of
the distributors also distribute our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships
with our distributors. Through our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors
in the seven states we currently sell our products
 and our products are currently sold in the U.S. by six wholesale distributors
as well as by various state beverage alcohol control agencies.




the Oregon Liquor Control Commission
 accounted for approximately 40% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal years 2014 and 2013.




total sales force of three people
 with an average of over ten&nbsp;years of industry experience with premium beverage alcohol
brands.


are engaged in the day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for
our brands
 maintaining adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our
sales team also maintains relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional
events
 create local brand promotion plans
 host in-store tastings
 where permitted
 and provide wait staff and bartender training
and education for our brands.


 we have
also recently engaged Blackheath Beverage Group
 an outsource sales and marketing company to assist in the development of additional
brands
 as well as
 development and execution of a national roll-out strategy. We have also recently engaged Park Street Imports
a provider of back-office administrative and logistical services for alcohol and beverage distributors
 which services include
state compliance
 logistics planning
 order processing
 distributor chargeback and bill-support management and certain accounting
and reporting services.

Advertising
 marketing
and promotion


we must effectively communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
marketing and promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial
brand value.


marketing
 sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high
degree of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use a range
of marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other
traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


    
    



advertising
 we also employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings.
Our significant U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness.
Event sponsorship is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to
trend-setting events where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise
promotions each year.


marketing efforts with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by attractive
point-of-sale materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.




aspect of our business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands are protected
by trademark registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S where we distribute
or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries and related companies. In
the U.S.
 trademark registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets
as we expand our distribution territories.




to seasonality with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter primarily due to seasonal holiday buying.
Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in slightly higher sales for us in our second and/or third fiscal quarters.




industry is highly competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength.
Our premium brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant
presence and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
many of which have greater resources than us.


the U.S. wine and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number
of major importers in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
Bacardi Limited
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 and Remy Cointreau S.A.


are sometimes in a better position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital
position and resources
 we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and
acquiring brands by being more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing
brand owners the option to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
most of which have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction
structures based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing
capabilities
 limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


    
    



premium and super-premium segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced sales
force
 we believe we are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Also
 the
continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size wine and spirits companies
such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.




jurisdiction of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and the Alcoholic Beverage
Control Laws of all fifty states.


Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising and transportation
of alcohol products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution of alcohol products
within its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
transport
 distribute and sell spirits.


regulations on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of
the marketing of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.


is also regulated in many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer
information. All beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage
alcohol products.


states
 the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for
sale in their respective states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made
available to new products only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings
only through special orders
 if at all.


alcohol-based beverages is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries
impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application on units
of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose additional
import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Once we begin distributing
our products internationally
 import and excise duties could have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the
consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


are in material compliance with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry
which may be subject to more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes
could be significant.




 2015
we had 18 full-time employees
 6 of which were in sales and marketing and 3 of which were in management and 9 in administration
and production.


    
    




Eastside
operates in one business &mdash; premium beverage alcohol. Eastside&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 vodka and specialty

states (Oregon
 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho and Maryland)

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS AND CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements&rdquo; to this Form 10-K. In addition
 the statements in this section and other sections of this Form 10-K include &ldquo;forward-looking
statements&rdquo; as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve uncertainties that
could significantly impact results. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events about the
company or our outlook. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact they do not relate to historical or current facts
and by the use of words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will be
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;could&rdquo;
and similar words or expressions.


are based on assumptions and on known risks and uncertainties. Although we believe we have been prudent in our assumptions
 any
or all of our forward-looking statements may prove to be inaccurate
 and we can make no guarantees about our future performance.
Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate
 actual results could materially
differ from past results and/or those anticipated
 estimated or projected.


to publicly update forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. You should
however
 consult any subsequent disclosures we make in our filings with the SEC on Form 10-Q or Form 8-K.


discussion of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that we believe are significant to our business. In addition to the factors
discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following are some of the important factors that
 individually or in the aggregate
 we
believe could make our actual results differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statements. It is impossible
to predict or identify all such factors and
 as a result
 you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion
of risks
 uncertainties and assumptions.



If our brands do not achieve more widespread
consumer acceptance
 our growth may be limited.


have achieved acceptance in the Pacific Northwest
 most of our brands are early in their growth cycle and have not achieved extensive
national brand recognition. Also
 brands we may develop and/or acquire in the future are unlikely to have established extensive
brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and our growth
may be limited.


    
    


We may require additional capital
 which
we may not be able to obtain on acceptable terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms
or at all could restrict our future growth and severely limit our operations.


compared to other companies in our industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability to continue
to develop existing brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions of new
brands
 penetrate new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated sufficient
cash from operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or public equity
and/or debt financing. We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to us on acceptable
terms or at all. If additional capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and growth may be limited
as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations.
Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we
issue equity securities to raise capital our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

The lack of public company experience of
our management team could adversely&nbsp;impact&nbsp;our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. Securities Laws.


 our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer and Mr. Martin Kunkel our Chief Marketing Officer and Secretary
 lack
public company experience
 which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed
by Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. None of our executive officers have ever been responsible for managing a publicly traded company.
Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Any such
deficiencies
 weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail
to fulfill those obligations
 our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy in which event you could lose
your entire investment in our company.

We are an &quot;emerging growth company&quot;
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock
less attractive to investors.


growth company
&quot; as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012
 and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
 including
 but not limited to
 not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot
predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find
our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price
may be more volatile.


    
    


We depend on a limited number of suppliers.
Failure to obtain satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur
additional costs and lose credibility in the marketplace.


number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products. These suppliers consist of third-party producers in the
U.S. We do not have long-term written agreements with any of our suppliers. The termination of our agreements/relationships or
an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their
prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even
a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays
in shipments of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to
fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this
could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline
in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable
alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.

We depend on our independent wholesale
distributors to distribute our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute our
products within their territories could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


law to use state licensed distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S.
We have established relationships for our brands with a limited number of wholesale distributors; however
 failure to maintain
those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. We currently distribute our products
in four control states&mdash;Oregon
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho and Maryland. Over the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three significant distributors.
Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution for several states. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and
2013
 sales to one customer (Oregon Liquor Control Commission) accounted for 40% of revenues. As a result
 if we fail to maintain
good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate
success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to
our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. In addition
all of our distributors also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors
will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines
or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a
decline in our results of operations.

The sales of our products could decrease
significantly if we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.


the state liquor commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in
their respective states. We currently distribute our products in four control states&mdash;Oregon
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho and Maryland.
Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products are
selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically
scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state
through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or
secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.

We must maintain a relatively large
inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other
damage or becomes obsolete
 our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


large inventories to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due
to theft
 fire or other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and
harm our sales and operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old
products or modify the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact
our results of operations.


    
    


Our failure to protect our respective
trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.


depend in part on our
 ability to develop favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although we apply for registration
of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary
know-how
 concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims of
misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending
these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future
and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of
our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our trade
secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting
our sales and growth potential.

A failure of one or more of our key
information technology systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers could have a material adverse impact
on our business.


technology (IT) systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware
(including laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
 provided
and/or used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these IT systems
networks
 and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing
materials from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded websites and marketing
products to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing transactions;
summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
 business
plans
 and financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other
processes necessary to manage our business.


threats and more sophisticated cyber crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as
well as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number
of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively
address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive
and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events could
result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because
of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers or
consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage
caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems.


    
    


Our failure to attract or retain key
executive or employee talent could adversely affect our business.


upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee base
 as well as
our ability to attract
 motivate
 reward
 and retain them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on
the life of any executive or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected
loss of experienced employees could have an adverse impact our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business
disruption and/or increased costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.



Demand for our products may be adversely
affected by many factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness
to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success
depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with
successful new products and product innovations.

We face substantial competition in our
industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


of product taste and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global
spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible that
our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition
to sustain market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol
could reduce demand for our products.


have
 in the past
 advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed
to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes
in consumer perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol
and thus the demand for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing
a decline in our results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating
to alcohol abuse or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


the possibility of class action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has
caused death or serious health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly
increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco
industry
 and it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have
been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage
consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family
funds expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits
in the future. Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
depleting our cash and diverting our personnel resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could
be harmed significantly.


    
    


Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory
and tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


to extensive government regulation. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising and
labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and licenses.
We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and sell beverage
alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will not change
or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be able to predict
when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related societal problems
including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol
 various levels
of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting beverage
alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry and
products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with
changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise our prices in order
to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution
of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation (at both the federal and state government levels)
 and beverage alcohol
products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation
or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
 both through the reduction of overall
consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage alcohol.

We could face product liability or other
related liabilities that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


liability insurance and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures
may not be sufficient for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1&nbsp;million
per occurrence and $5&nbsp;million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $15&nbsp;million. Further
any contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.


    
    


Contamination of our products and/or
counterfeit or confusingly similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands
and decrease our sales.


brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate
third-party action
 or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our
products. Contaminants in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the
distillation and fermentation processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of
our products and could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties
sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could
confuse our products with products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in
the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.



There is a limited trading market for
our common stock.


traded on the OTC Bulletin board under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI.&rdquo; There has been virtually no trading activity in our stock
recently
 and when it has traded
 the price has fluctuated widely. We consider our common stock to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo;
and any last reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of the common stock. A consistently active trading market
for our stock may not develop at any time in the future. Stockholders may experience difficulty selling their shares if they choose
to do so because of the illiquid market and limited public float for our stock. Stockholders may experience difficulty selling
their shares if they choose to do so because of the illiquid market and limited public float for our common stock.

Our common stock is considered to be
a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and
 as such
 the market for our common stock may be further limited by certain SEC rules applicable
to penny stocks.


of our common stock remains below $5.00 per share or we have net tangible assets of $2
000
000 or less
 our shares of common stock
are likely to be subject to certain &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules promulgated by the SEC. Those rules impose certain sales practice
requirements on brokers who sell penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions
with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000). For transactions covered by the penny
stock rules
 the broker must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
consent to the transaction prior to the sale. Furthermore
 the penny stock rules generally require
 among other things
 that brokers
engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements of the market
value of penny stocks
 disclosure of the bid and asked prices and disclosure of the compensation to the brokerage firm and disclosure
of the sales person working for the brokerage firm. These rules and regulations make it more difficult for brokers to sell our
shares of our common stock and limit the liquidity of our securities.

Transfers of our securities may be restricted
by virtue of state securities &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws which prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws.
These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states.


stock may be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions
commonly referred to as &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws
 our common stock may not
be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue
sky laws of any state
 the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them should be aware that there may be significant
state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities.
These restrictions may prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. Investors should consider the secondary market for our
securities to be a limited one.


    
    


We do not expect to pay dividends for
the foreseeable future.


future
 it is anticipated that earnings
 if any
 that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our operations
and that cash dividends will not be paid to holders of common stock.

Our officers and directors collectively
own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock
 and as long as they do
 they may be able to control the outcome of stockholder
voting.


Gotter
 our officers and directors
 are collectively the beneficial owners of approximately 55% of the outstanding shares of our
common stock as of March 31
 2015. Accordingly
 these two stockholders
 individually and as a group
 may be able to control us
and direct our affairs and business
 including any determination with respect to a change in control
 future issuances of common
stock or other securities
 declaration of dividends on the common stock and the election of directors.

We have the ability to issue additional
shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval
 which could cause your investment
to be diluted.


authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 900
000
000 shares of common stock and up to 100
000
000 shares of preferred stock.
The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock
 preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase shares
of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly
 any additional issuance of our
common stock
 or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock
 may have the effect of diluting your investment.

By issuing preferred stock
 we may be
able to delay
 defer
 or prevent a change of control.


permits us to issue
 without approval from our stockholders
 a total of 100
000
000 shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors
can determine the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions granted to
 or imposed upon
 the shares of preferred stock and
to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series. It is possible that our Board of Directors
in determining the rights
 preferences and privileges to be granted when the preferred stock is issued
 may include provisions
that have the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change in control
 discouraging bids for our common stock at a premium
over the market price
 or that adversely affect the market price of and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common
stock.

If we fail to remain current on our
reporting requirements
 we could be removed from the OTC bulletin board which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell
our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market.


the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board must be current in their reports under Section 13
 in order to maintain price quotation privileges
on the OTC Bulletin Board. If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements
 we could be removed from the OTC Bulletin
Board. As a result
 the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers
to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition
 we may be
unable to get re-quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 which may have an adverse material effect on our Company.


    
    


We
face risks related to compliance with corporate governance laws and financial reporting standard.

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as well as related new rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board
 require changes in the corporate governance practices and financial reporting standards for public companies.
These new laws
 rules and regulations
 including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to internal
control over financial reporting (&ldquo;Section 404&rdquo;)
 will materially increase the Company's legal and financial compliance
costs and make some activities more time-consuming
 burdensome and expensive. Any failure to comply with the requirements of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses that we may identify during our compliance program
or difficulties encountered in their implementation
 could harm our operating results
 cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of the
periodic management evaluations of our internal controls and
 in the case of a failure to remediate any material weaknesses that
we may identify
 would adversely affect the annual auditor attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting that are required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Inadequate internal controls could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 which could have a negative effect on the trading price
of our common stock.

Our internal controls over financial
reporting were not be determined to be effective at December 31
 2014
 which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company
and
 as a result
 the value of our common stock.


 pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 to furnish a report by management on
 among other things
 the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in
our internal control over financial reporting
 as well as a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has
issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.


404 requires a rigorous compliance program as well as adequate time and resources. As a result of developing
 improving and expanding
our core information technology systems as well as implementing new systems to support our sales
 engineering
 supply chain and
manufacturing activities
 all of which require significant management time and support
 we may not be able to complete our internal
control evaluation
 testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. For the period ended December 31
 2014
 we identified
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial. As such we were be unable to assert that our internal controls are
effective. This could result in the loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports
 which
would have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock.

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources
 divert management&rsquo;s attention and affect our ability to
attract and retain qualified board members.


we will incur significant legal
 accounting and other expenses that we would not incur as a private company
 including costs associated
with public company reporting requirements. We will also incur costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and related rules implemented or to be implemented by the SEC and
the NYSE AMEX. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing.
We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming
and costly
 although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could
also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance
 including director and officer liability insurance
and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar
coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve
on our board of directors
 our board committees or as our executive officers and may divert management&rsquo;s attention. Furthermore
if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company
 we could be subject to delisting of our common stock
 fines
 sanctions
and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation.


    
    


Substantial sales of our stock may impact
the market price of our common stock.


amounts of our common stock
 including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants
 could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Further
 if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced and the price of our common
stock may fall.




our common stock has been and continues to be subject to fluctuations. The stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of
events and factors
 such as quarterly variations in operating results
 the operating and stock performance of other companies that
investors may deem as comparable and news reports relating to trends in the marketplace
 among other factors. Significant volatility
in the market price of our common stock may arise due to factors such as:














general trends in the industries in which
we do business;


the number of holders of our common stock;
and


the interest of securities dealers in maintaining
a market for our common stock.


only a limited public market for our common stock
 the sale of a significant number of shares of our common stock at any particular
time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing immediately before such shares are offered
 and could cause
a severe decline in the price of our common stock.

There are limitations in connection
with the availability of quotes and order information on the OTC Markets.


on the OTC Markets involve a manual process and the market information for such securities cannot be guaranteed. In addition
 quote
information
 or even firm quotes
 may not be available. The manual execution process may delay order processing and intervening
price fluctuations may result in the failure of a limit order to execute or the execution of a market order at a significantly
different price. Execution of trades
 execution reporting and the delivery of legal trade confirmation may be delayed significantly.
Consequently
 one may not be able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.


    
    


There are delays in order communication
on the OTC Markets.


of orders is not available for securities traded on the OTC Marketplace and high order volume and communication risks may prevent
or delay the execution of one's OTC Marketplace trading orders. This lack of automated order processing may affect the timeliness
of order execution reporting and the availability of firm quotes for shares of our Common Stock. Heavy market volume may lead to
a delay in the processing of OTC Marketplace security orders for shares of our Common Stock
 due to the manual nature of the market.
Consequently
 one may not able to sell shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

There is a risk of market fraud on the
OTC Marketplace.


are frequent targets of fraud or market manipulation. Not only because of their generally low price
 but also because the OTC Marketplace
reporting requirements for these securities are less stringent than for listed or NASDAQ traded securities
 and no exchange requirements
are imposed. Dealers may dominate the market and set prices that are not based on competitive forces. Individuals or groups may
create fraudulent markets and control the sudden
 sharp increase of price and trading volume and the equally sudden collapse of
the market price for shares of our Common Stock.

There is a limitation in connection
with the editing and canceling of orders on the OTC Markets.


securities may be canceled or edited like orders for other securities. All requests to change or cancel an order must be submitted
to
 received and processed by the OTC Markets. Due to the manual order processing involved in handling OTC Markets trades
 order
processing and reporting may be delayed
 and one may not be able to cancel or edit one's order. Consequently
 one may not be able
to sell its shares of our Common Stock at the optimum trading prices.

Increased dealer compensation could
adversely affect our stock price.


(the difference between the bid and ask prices) may be large and may result in substantial losses to the seller of shares of our
Common Stock on the OTC Markets if the stock must be sold immediately. Further
 purchasers of shares of our Common Stock may incur
an immediate &quot;paper&quot; loss due to the price spread. Moreover
 dealers trading on the OTC Markets may not have a bid price
for shares of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets. Due to the foregoing
 demand for shares of our Common Stock on the OTC Markets
may be decreased or eliminated.








are located at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. We lease these premises under a lease agreement with
a 6-year term starting on November 1
 2014 and ending October 31
 2020
 subject to our option to extend the lease for an additional

000 to $24
000 after a $90
000 rental prepayment in November
2014 and a period of free rent from November 2014 through January 2015. The lease is guaranteed by our chief executive officer.


    
    



 Avenue
 Portland
 Oregon 97214. This lease has a current monthly lease
rate of $1
750 per month and expires on November 30
 2015
 provided
 that
 we have two one year options to renew. Our monthly lease
rate will increase 3% for each option.


space in two separate locations
 one in Washington Square (Portland
 Oregon) and the other in Clackamas Town Center (Happy Valley
Town Center). For Washington Square
 we lease 3
001 square feet of retail space in the Washington Square center at a monthly rate
of $3
750 and monthly percentage rent equal to 15% of the excess of gross sales and revenues made at the retail space for any month
in excess of $25
000. The Washington Square lease expires on January 31
 2015. The retail space in the Clackamas Town center is
rented pursuant to a License Agreement under which we lease 1
200 square feet of retail space and currently pay monthly license
fees of $4
200 per month and monthly percentage rent equal to 15% of the excess of gross sales and revenues made at the retail
space for any month in excess of $20
000.




and litigation that arise in the normal course of business. Management believes that the ultimate outcome of these claims and litigation
will not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.






    
    







on the OTC Markets (QB Marketplace Tier) under the symbol &ldquo;ESDI.&rdquo; Very limited trading of our common stock has occurred
during the past two years; therefore
 only limited historical price information is available. The following table sets forth the
high and low closing bid prices of our common stock (USD) for the last two fiscal years
 as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc.
and represents inter dealer quotations
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission and may not be reflective of actual transactions:


to be &ldquo;thinly traded&rdquo; and any reported sale prices may not be a true market-based valuation of our stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some
of the bid quotations from the OTC Bulletin Board set forth below may reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





stock are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer
Company
 4045 South Spencer Street Suite 403 Las Vegas
 NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (800) 785-7782).


 2015
the shareholders' list of our shares of common stock showed 28 registered holders of our shares of common stock and 45
512
500
shares of common stock outstanding. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does
not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers
 dealers
and registered clearing agencies.




common stock since our inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.


    
    


Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans. 
 2014
 we did not have any compensation plans outstanding.


 2015
our Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The purpose of our 2015 Stock Incentive Plan is to advance the best
interests of the company by providing those persons who have a substantial responsibility for our management and growth with additional
incentive and by increasing their proprietary interest in the success of the company
 thereby encouraging them to maintain their
relationships with us. Further
 the availability and offering of stock options and common stock under the plan supports and increases
our ability to attract and retain individuals of exceptional talent upon whom
 in large measure
 the sustained progress
 growth
and profitability which we depend. The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock
under the plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment. Our Board of Directors administers our plan and has full power to grant
stock options and common stock
 construe and interpret the plan
 establish rules and regulations and perform all other acts
 including
the delegation of administrative responsibilities
 it believes reasonable and proper. Any decision made
 or action taken
 by our
Board of Directors arising out of or in connection with the interpretation and administration of the plan is final and conclusive.
The Board of Directors
 in its absolute discretion
 may award common stock to employees of
 consultants to
 and directors of the
company
 and such other persons as the Board of Directors or compensation committee may select
 and permit holders of common stock
options to exercise such options prior to full vesting therein and hold the common stock issued upon exercise of the option as
common stock. Stock options may also be granted by our Board of Directors or compensation committee to non-employee directors of
the company or other persons who are performing or who have been engaged to perform services of special importance to the management
operation or development of the company. In the event that our outstanding common stock is changed into or exchanged for a different
number or kind of shares or other securities of the company by reason of merger
 consolidation
 other reorganization
 recapitalization
combination of shares
 stock split-up or stock dividend
 prompt
 proportionate
 equitable
 lawful and adequate adjustment shall
be made of the aggregate number and kind of shares subject to stock options which may be granted under the plan. Our Board of Directors
may at any time
 and from time to time
 suspend or terminate the plan in whole or in part or amend it from time to time in such
respects as our Board of Directors may deem appropriate and in our best interest. As of March 31
 2015
 we have not issued any
shares under the plan
 and there are options to purchase 350
000 shares under this plan.




 Eastside
Distilling
 LLC agreed to grant an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of our common stock to a third-party consultant at an exercise
price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services rendered
 which agreement was assumed by us upon closing of our acquisition
of Eastside Distilling on October 31
 2014. The option was granted on February 10
 2015 and expires on February 10
 2017.




inception and we do not contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.




On March 25
 2015
 we granted options to purchase an aggregate of 150
000 shares of stock at an exercise
price of $1.75 to two employees pursuant to the terms of their employment agreement with us. The issuances were exempt under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;).



    
    



On February 10
 2015
 we granted our Chief Marketing Officer an option to purchase 200
000 shares
of stock at an exercise price of $1.85 pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement with us. The issuance was exempt under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;).


In October 2014
 Eastside Distilling
 LLC agreed to issue an option to purchase 1
000
000 shares of
our common stock to a third-party consultant at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services rendered
 which
agreement was assumed by us upon closing of our acquisition of Eastside Distilling on October 31
 2014. The option was granted
on February 10
 2015. The issuance was exempt under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.




company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

Item 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS

This section of the Registration Statement
includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe
 expect
 estimate
 anticipate
 intend
 project and similar
expressions
 or words which
 by their nature
 refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from our predictions.


should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes. In addition to historical information
 this
discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 which could cause
actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. Factors that could cause differences include
 but are not limited
to
 continued reliance on external sources on financing
 development risks for new products and services
 commercialization delays
and customer acceptance risks when introducing new products and services
 fluctuations in market demand
 pricing for raw materials
as well as general conditions of the energy and oilfield marketplace.




on February 11
 2004 in Nevada as Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. Until closing of the Acquisition (described below)
 Eurocan operated solely
as an online marketing and media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media
 which business was conducted through
Eurocan&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Michael Williams Web Design Inc. of New York
 NY (&ldquo;MWW&rdquo;).


 2014
we changed our corporate name to &ldquo;Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&rdquo; from Eurocan Holdings Ltd
 to reflect our recent acquisition
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC resulting in us primarily conducting Eastside&rsquo;s business (See &ldquo;The Acquisition of Eastside
Distilling
 LLC&rdquo; below).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Until February 3
 2015
 we continued to operate our online marketing and media
solutions&rsquo; business through MWW (See &ldquo;Spin-Off of MWW&rdquo; below).


    
    


The Acquisition of Eastside Distilling
LLC


 2014
Eurocan Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) consummated the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;)
of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (&ldquo;Eastside&rdquo;) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
by and among the Company
 Eastside
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Eastside
merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the acquisition consisted of 32
000
000 shares (the
&ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our common stock. &nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 certain of our stockholders cancelled an aggregate of 24
910
000
shares of our common stock held by them. As a result
 upon consummation of the Agreement on October 31
 2014
 we had 40
000
000
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of Eastside.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
issuance of these Shares was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
pursuant to exemptions afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
 Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
 and/or
Regulation S promulgated thereunder.


of the Acquisition
 our officers and directors resigned
 and appointed Steven Earles and Lenny Gotter as directors to our board
of directors. In addition
 the Company appointed Mr. Earles as Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman and
Mr. Gotter as Chief Operating Officer and Secretary.


we conduct the business of Eastside as our primary business.


developer
 producer and marketer of master-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
 whiskey
 rum
and vodka. Eastside currently distributes its products in seven states (Oregon
 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
 Pennsylvania
 Idaho
and Maryland).&nbsp;&nbsp;Eastside also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties and merchandise sales
from its distillery and showroom located on the Distillery Row in Portland
 Oregon.




of the Acquisition
 our new management conducted an evaluation of the MWW business and an analysis of the business going forward.
Management determined that due to MWW&rsquo;s operating and net losses in each of the last two fiscal years
 its working capital
deficit as of the end of the latest fiscal year and as of the latest fiscal quarter
 and its accumulated deficit
 it was not in
the best interest of the company and its stockholders to continue the operation of MWW going forward. Accordingly
 on February
3
 2015
 we transferred all shares of MWW held by us along with all assets and liabilities related to MWW to Michael Williams in
consideration of MWW&rsquo;s and Mr. Williams&rsquo; full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWW and the MWW business.
Mr. Williams is the sole officer
 director and employee of MWW. The spinoff of MWW resulted in the impairment of goodwill related
to the Acquisition of approximately $3.2 million in December 2014.




 2014
we completed an offering (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;) of 5
512
500 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (&ldquo;Common
Stock&rdquo;) at a price of $0.40 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $2
205
000. The Offering was made to accredited
investors and was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. We intend to use the net proceeds
from the Offering for the build-out of new facility
 marketing expenditures
 repayment of indebtedness and working capital and
general corporate purposes. Steven Earles
 our president and chief executive officer
 purchased 37
500 shares of Common Stock in
the Offering for $15
000 in cash in the Offering.


    
    





SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
.
The information on
 or that may be
 accessed from our website is not part of this annual report.



Year Ended December 31
 2014 Compared
to the Year Ended December 31
 2013


ended December 31
 2014 increased to $1
435
416
 or approximately 63%
 from $880
454 for the year ended December 31
 2013. The
increase in revenue is in the year ended 2014 is primarily attributable to our opening of retail stores in shopping centers
 such
as the Clackamas Town Center as well as increased distribution and sales traction within the Pacific Northwest.


year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $379
972
 or approximately 174%
 from $138
897 for the comparable 2013 period. The increase
is attributable to the increase in liquor sales due to our opening of retail stores in shopping centers
 such as the Clackamas
Town Center as well as increased distribution and sales traction within the Pacific Northwest during the period.


December 31
 2014
 cost of sales increased to $494
889
 or approximately 63%
 from $303
220 for the comparable 2012 period. The
increase is primarily attributable to the costs associated with our increased liquor sales in the period resulting from our opening
of retail stores in shopping centers
 such as the Clackamas Town Center as well as increased distribution and sales traction within
the Pacific Northwest.


 general and
administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2014 increased to $1
366
341
 or approximately 293%
 from $347
799 for
the year ended December 31
 2013. This increase is primarily due to the hiring of additional sales personnel and event coordinators
related to our new retail location
 an increase in production staff as well as increased legal and accounting costs related to
the October 2014 merger agreement.


was $3
246
149 in the year ended December 31
 2014. This impairment was a direct result of our spin-off of our online marketing
and media solutions subsidiary in February 2015
 which caused us to determine that the goodwill recorded in our October 2014 acquisition
should be impaired. There was no similar transaction in the comparable 2013 period.


 net decreased to $3
736
during the year ended December 31
 2014 from $1
552 for the comparable 2013 period.


year ended December 31
 2014 was $4
057
171 as compared to net income of $86
986 for the year ended December 31
 2013. Our net
loss was primarily attributable to our goodwill impairment of $3
246
149 as well as our increased selling
 general and administrative
expenses of $1
366
341 relating to increased personnel
 legal and accounting expenses during the period which amounts were offset
by our increased sales during the year.


    
    





2014
 our total assets were $2
046
454 comprised of $1
082
290 in cash
 $138
041 in trade receivables
 $377
020 in inventories
$81
206 in net property and equipment
 $193
750 in other long term assets and $174
147 in prepaid expenses. This is an increase
in total assets of $174
407 as of December 31
 2013. Our working capital as of December 31
 2014 was $1
330
423
 compared to working
capital of $110
763 as of December 31
 2013.


December 31
 2014
 we used $1
083
809 of cash for operating activities compared to $22
217 of cash provided by operating activities
for the year ended December 31
 2013. Our net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2014 resulted primarily
from our net loss of $4
057
171
 inventories of $317
969
 other long term assets of $143
750
 deferred revenue of $9
941 and prepaid
expenses of $114
147
 which amounts were offset by goodwill impairment of $3
246
149
 depreciation of $5
889
 stock-based compensation
of $10
000
 trade receivables of $80
196
 accounts payable of $165
713
 and accrued liabilities of $51
222.


 2014
 we used $37
505 of cash in investing activities of which $37
869 was used for the
purchase of property and equipment
 which amount was offset for $364 in cash received in the reverse acquisition. By comparison
we used $21
845 of cash in investing activities for the purchase of property and equipment in the year ended December 31
 2013.


173
820 of net cash provided by financing activities in the year ended December 31
 2014 as compared to $6
367 of
net cash provided by financing activities for year ended December 31
 2013. Our cash net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31
 2014 resulted primarily from $2
158
152 in net cash from sales of our common stock and also included
$20
000 in proceeds from notes payable and $2
634 in contributions
 which amounts were offset by $5
448 in payment of principal
on notes payable and $1
518 in distributions.


cash for the year ended December 31
 2014 was $1
052
506 as compared to $29
784 in the year ended December 31
 2013.


operations and our available capital are presently sufficient to sustain our current level of operations for the next 12 months.
However
 we will require up to an additional $3.5 million to expand and market our business to become a nationwide distributor.
Of this amount
 we require $1
150
000 to increase inventory to allow for nationwide distribution
 $850
000 to make our new facility
fully operational to support production of up to 1 million cases per year
 $1
500
000 for sales and marketing to facilitate nationwide
distribution. We plan to improve our cash position by focusing on increasing sales
 improving profitability and a combination
of capital sources
 including debt and equity financings. Failure to secure these additional funds will result in a less aggressive
growth plan.


 2014
Eurocan Holdings Ltd. loaned Eastside Distilling LLC $150
000
 which accrues interest daily at the rate of 5% per annum
(computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days and compounded monthly) from June 13
2014. The loan matures on June 13
 2015
 but it may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time prior to the maturity date. At
the time of the loan
 there was a letter of intent between Eurocan and Eastside related to the Acquisition. The loan was made
as a bridge loan in anticipation of the pending Acquisition. Upon consummation of the Acquisition in October 2014
and consolidation of the financial statements
 these amounts were reduced to zero.


    
    







Eastside Distilling LLC by Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. (now known as Eastside Distilling Inc.) on October 31
 2014
 was accounted for
as a reverse acquisition with Eastside Distilling LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. The financial statements presented in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are presented as a continuation of the operations of Eastside Distilling LLC with one adjustment to retroactively
adjust the legal common stock shares of Eastside Distilling Inc. to reflect the legal capital of Eurocan prior to the October 31
2014 acquisition.




revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery
of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably
assured.


sales when merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale).
For consignment sales
 which include sales to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC)
 the Company recognizes sales upon the
consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. Postage and handling charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon
shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time
and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location. For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent
with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase
at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states
from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


received from online merchants who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company&rsquo;s merchandise and tastings is deferred
until the customer has redeemed the discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




related to shipment of merchandise from Eastside&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




third-party resellers and performs ongoing credit evaluations of trade receivables due from third-party resellers. Generally
 the
Company does not require collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined with respect to those amounts that the Company
has determined to be doubtful of collection using specific identification of doubtful accounts and an aging of receivables analysis
based on invoice due dates. Generally
 trade receivables are past due after 30 days after an invoice date
 unless special payment
terms are provided. Based on this analysis
 the Company did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31
 2014
and 2013.


that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of accounts receivable. At December 31
2014 and 2013
 one customer represented 70% and 63% of trade receivables
 respectively.


    
    





bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing methodology
which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the OLCC on consignment
until it is sold to a third party. Eastside regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess
and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product demand and production requirements.
Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of
inventory for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.




Advertising expense was approximately $303
000 and $56
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 and is
included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of income.




Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations which includes making timely and accurate excise tax payments.
Eastside is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose excise taxes on alcohol beverages
in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and on its understanding of the applicable
excise tax laws.





Item 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.



    
    









    
    

    
    

Financial
    Statements
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    




    




 Inc. and Subsidiary

 Oregon


balance sheets of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and its subsidiary (prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
 LLC) (collectively
the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo;
equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. The Company is
not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and
its subsidiary (prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
 LLC) as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.


 California
March 31
2015


    
    



Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)



December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
082
290
29
784

    
138
041
63
177

    
377
020
59
051

    
174
147
    

    
1
771
498
152
012

    
81
206
22
395

    
193
750
    

    
2
046
454
174
407

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
206
630
13
506

    
72
610
10
086

    
8
275
15
356

    
3
560
2
301

    
150
000
    

    
441
075
41
249

    
23
271
30
000

    
464
346
71
249

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 900
000
000 shares authorized; 45
512
500 and 32
000
000 shares issued and outstanding &nbsp;at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
4
551
3
200

    
5
538
242
1
954

    
(3
960
685
98
004

    
1
582
108
103
158

    
2
046
454
174
407



financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)



Years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
1
435
416
880
454

    
379
972
138
897

    
1
055
444
741
557

    
494
889
303
220

    
560
555
438
337


 general
 and administrative expenses
1
366
341
347
582

    
3
246
149
    

    
(4
051
935
90
755

    
3
736
3
769

    
(4
055
671
86
986

    
1
500
    

    
(4
057
171
86
986

    
    
    

    
    
    



financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity

Years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
32
000
000
3
200
    
15
315
18
515

    
    
    
1
954
    
1
954

    
    
    
    
(4
297
(4
297

    
    
    
    
86
986
86
986


 2013
32
000
000
3
200
1
954
98
004
103
158

    
    
    
2
634
    
2
634

    
    
    
    
(1
518
(1
518

    
    
    
46
853
    
46
853

    
8
000
000
    
3
199
200
    
3
200
000

    
    
    
120
000
    
120
000

    
5
512
500
    
2
167
601
    
2
168
152

    
    
    
    
(4
057
171
(4
057
171


 2014
45
512
500
4
551
5
538
242
(3
960
685
1
582
108



financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)



Years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
057
171
86
986

    
    
    

    
5
889
2
790

    
    
2
217

    
3
246
149
    

    
10
000
    

    
    
    

    
80
196
(28
202

    
(317
969
(16
321

    
(114
147
2
567

    
(143
750
    

    
165
713
10
976

    
51
222
(23
685

    
(9
941
(15
111

    
(1
083
809
22
217

    
    
    

    
(37
869
(21
845

    
    
    

    
(37
505
(21
845

    
    
    

    
20
000
30
000

    
(5
448
(21
290

    
2
634
1
954

    
(1
518
(4
297


848
2
158
152
    

    
2
173
820
6
367

    
1
052
506
6
739

    
29
784
23
045

    
1
082
290
29
784



financial statements.


    
    


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)



Years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
974
1
552

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
200
000
    

    
26
831
    

    
46
853
    


    and other long-term assets
110
000
    

    
10
000
    



financial statements.



    
    



Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)



Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


Description of Business
 Organization
 and Liquidity 


a manufacturer
 developer
 producer
 and marketer of hand-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
whiskey
 rum
 and vodka. The Company currently distributes its products in seven states (Oregon
 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
Pennsylvania
 Idaho
 and Maryland). The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and
merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the
Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). The Company is headquartered in Portland
 Oregon.


 2014
 Eurocan Holdings
Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the LLC) pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition
consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate
of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of
common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting
purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. These financial
statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common
stock of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. to reflect the legal capital of Eurocan prior to the Acquisition. See note 3 for additional
discussion of the Acquisition.


Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
(Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eurocan and constituted
the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant during the two months ended December 31
 2014. Eastside
and MWWD are collectively referred to herein as &quot;the Company&quot;.


referred to in these consolidated financial statements represent results on a consolidated basis that include both the results
of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary with those of the LLC and provide a full year presentation for comparability purposes.
The LLC's period is from January 1
 2013 to October 31
 2014
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary's period is from November
1
 2014 to December 31
 2014.




approximately $4.1 million in 2014
 largely comprised of the impairment of goodwill of approximately $3.2 million
 and used cash
flow from operations of approximately $1.1 million. The Company raised net proceeds of approximately $2.2 million from the issuance
of common stock in 2014 with approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand at December 31
 2014. Management believes that cash flow
from operations and available capital are sufficient to sustain its current level of operations for the next twelve months. However
the Company may require additional capital to expand and market its business to become a nationwide distributor. The Company's
ability to raise additional capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict its future growth and limit its current
operations.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary

(Prior to November 1
 2014
 Eastside
Distilling
 LLC)




 2014 and 2013







statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary MWWD. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has one business activity
 marketing
and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating decision maker
 its chief executive
officer
 reviews the Company's operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial
performance.




statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&rsquo;s (typically the OLCC) shipment to the customer. Postage and handling
charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally
FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location.
For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&rsquo;s shipment to the customer. The customer
has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The
Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through
the Company&rsquo;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company's merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed the
discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.




of ingredients utilized in the production of spirits
 contract production fees
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients
account for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by contract production fees and packaging.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013




shipment of merchandise from the Company&rsquo;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.




be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2014 and 2013.




and performs ongoing credit evaluations of trade receivables due from third-party resellers. Generally
 the Company does not require
collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined with respect to those amounts that the Company has determined to be
doubtful of collection using specific identification of doubtful accounts and an aging of receivables analysis based on invoice
due dates. Generally
 trade receivables are past due after 30 days after an invoice date
 unless special payment terms are provided.
The Company did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31
 2014 and 2013.


of suppliers for the ingredients used in producing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse impact from a disruption of supply
the Company attempts to maintain an adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other vendors would be able to provide similar
ingredients if supplies were disrupted.


subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 one
distributor
 the OLCC
 represented 70% and 63% of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted
for approximately 40% of our consolidated revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.




 establishes
a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to
choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation
and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
management has elected to not report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value under the &quot;fair value option&quot;
provided by GAAP.


techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if
applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing assets and liabilities under
GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



    


        is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
        

    


        is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly
        or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices
        for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
        



    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013



    
    



were measured at fair value at December 31
 2014 and 2013. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about
financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts
payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts
payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. At December
31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s notes payable and convertible note payable are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates
fair value.




and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average costing methodology
which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the OLCC on consignment
until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs for excess
and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&rsquo;s estimated forecast of product demand and production requirements.
Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no write-downs of
inventory for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.




cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets
 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line
method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related accumulated depreciation
and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the
use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an
impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.




the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets
acquired. Goodwill is presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is analyzed annually for impairment. An annual review is performed
during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to determine if
the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014
 the Company determined that its goodwill recorded as a result of the Acquisition
was fully impaired (see note 3).


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013




is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &quot;asset and liability method&quot; for
accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred
tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets
and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. At December&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company established a valuation allowance against its net
deferred tax assets.


&quot;more-likely-than-not&quot; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income tax benefit that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with
income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected as a liability for unrecognized
income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would
be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no unrecognized
income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and
for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.


returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related tax authorities
for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.




incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $303
000 and $56
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
and is included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.




of net (loss) income and other comprehensive income. The Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income items
for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.




The Company is responsible for compliance with the TTB regulations which includes making timely
and accurate excise tax payments. The Company is subject to periodic compliance audits by the TTB. Individual states also impose
excise taxes on alcohol beverages in varying amounts. The Company calculates its excise tax expense based upon units produced and
on its understanding of the applicable excise tax laws.


Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock
price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013

Stock-based
awards issued to nonemployees are recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments
as the underlying stock-based awards vest.




Board has recently issued various Accounting Standards Updates
 most of which represent technical corrections to the accounting
literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company's consolidated
financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.





 through a
reverse acquisition transaction
 the LLC obtained a controlling financial interest in Eurocan on October 31
 2014. The following
tables summarize the consideration paid for Eurocan and the recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed on the date of the Acquisition:



    
    


000
000) to effect reverse acquisition
3
200
000

    
3
200
000

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
155
060

    
(37
411

    
(11
302

    
(2
860

    
(150
000

    
(46
149

    
3
246
149

    
3
200
000



for under the purchase method; accordingly
 the purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their estimated fair values as determined by Company management. As part of the assessment of the fair value of assets acquired
no intangible assets were recognized. Fair values were estimated by the Company's management based on information currently available
and on current assumptions as to future operations. The primary reason for the reverse acquisition was to allow the Company to
gain access to public markets.


were not significant for the ten months ended October 31
 2014 and for the year ended December 31
 2013.


 2015
 the Company
entered into a Separation and Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially all assets and liabilities
of MWWD were transferred to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release of all claims and liabilities
related to MWWD and the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company. As a result
of the terms of the Share Transfer
 the Company determined that the goodwill recorded in connection with the Acquisition was impaired;
accordingly
 the Company recorded $3
246
149 of goodwill impairment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended December 31
 2014.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013


media solutions firm specializing in digital interactive media. MWWD uses digital interactive media to efficiently carry out highly
targeted advertising and marketing campaigns.








    
    
    

    
116
318
17
129

    
260
702
41
922

    
377
020
59
051







December 31:



    
    
    

    
48
585
22
716

    
5
487
5
487

    
38
831
    

    
92
903
28
203

    
(11
697
(5
808

    
81
206
22
395



889
and $2
790 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013





at December 31:



    
    
    


 2012 through May 1
 2013
 followed by principal and interest payments through May 1
 2015. Paid in full during 2014.
    
2
301


079 beginning March 1
 2014. During 2014
 this note payable was increased to $50
000 and the unpaid principal balance of $46
853 was converted to equity.
    
30
000


 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
26
831
    

    
26
831
32
301

    
(3
560
(2
301

    
23
271
30
000



on notes payable are as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
3
560

    
3
944

    
4
271

    
4
625

    
5
008

    
5
423

    
26
831






 2014
 convertible
note payable consists of a $150
000 convertible note bearing interest at 5% per annum with a maturity date of June 13
 2015. The
note may be converted into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.40 per share. The note may be
prepaid upon payment of 150% of the outstanding principal balance to the holder.





 2013
 the Company
was a limited liability company. As a limited liability company
 all income tax effects of the Company's operations were passed
through to its members individually
 accordingly
 the accompanying financial statements do not include any income tax effects for
the Company at or for the year ended December 31
 2013.


for the year ended December 31
 2014 consists of current state minimum income taxes.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013


results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31
 2014 were as follows:



    
(1
378
928

    
(266
684

    
138
579

    
1
497
622

    
10
911

    
1
500



tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2014 consisted of the following:



    
    

    
148
927

    
4
060

    
152
987

    
    

    
    

    
(14
408

    
(14
408

    
(138
579

    
    



2014
 the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) of approximately $367
000 and $366
000
 respectively
to offset against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried forward for 20
and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029.


realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of
the deferred tax assets
 management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.







its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020. Monthly lease
payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations in rental
payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between the expense
computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued liabilities
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent adjustments when
gross sales exceed certain minimums.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013


2014
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
185
000

    
294
000

    
254
000

    
266
000

    
278
000

    
240
000

    
1
517
000



$144
000 and $16
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




involved in certain legal matters arising from the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that the outcome of
these matters will have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.






share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by
the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2014 and 2013. The numerators and denominators used in
computing basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share in 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(4
057
171
33
374
007
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
86
986
32
000
000
    






During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal
credit card totaling approximately $345
000. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December
31
 2014
 the remaining balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $3
000 and is included in accounts payable
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

In
December 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer purchased 37
500 shares of common stock for $15
000.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013






 2014
 per the terms
of a consulting agreement
 the Company agreed to issue options to purchase 1
000
000 shares of common stock to a third-party consultant
at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services to be rendered through October 2016. The options have not
been registered under a formal option plan as of December 31
 2014. The options were formally issued on February 10
 2015. However
the Company has considered October 21
 2014 the grant date for accounting purposes because all of the requirements for establishing
a grant date under GAAP were met at October 21
 2014 (a mutual understanding of the options' key terms and conditions was agreed
to
 the third-party consultant began providing the related services
 and the options were approved by the Company's management
which also comprise the Company's board of directors). The options became immediately vested on October 21
 2014 and are exercisable
from February 10
 2015 until February 10
 2017.


valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value of stock options is recognized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. To determine the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes
valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:










Risk-free
interest rate for the expected term of the option


assumptions that require management's judgment. The fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant was determined
by management to be $0.40 per share based on the proximity of the grant date to the date of the Acquisition and the value used
to determine the fair value of total consideration transferred for the Acquisition
 as well as the price used in the Company's
common stock offering which closed in December 2014. The expected term of the options was calculated using the simplified method
described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and the vesting period.
Estimated volatility was derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares of similar entities
whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.


assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for the year ended December 31
 2014:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2014 was $0.12. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
2014
 total stock-based compensation expense was $10
000. At December 31
 2014
 the total compensation cost related to stock options
not yet recognized was $110
000
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.83 years.
This unrecognized compensation cost is included in prepaid expenses and other long-term assets in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet at December 31
 2014.


    
    



 Inc. and Subsidiary


 2014
 Eastside Distilling
LLC)




 2014 and 2013


at and for the year ended December 31
 2014 is presented below:



    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
1
000
000
    







 2015
 the Company adopted
the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The total number of shares available for the grant of either stock options or compensation stock
under the plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment.


 2015
 there are options
to purchase 350
000 shares of common stock under this plan.



    
    




Item 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

Previous independent registered public
accounting firm


 2014
we dismissed MaloneBailey
 LLP as our independent accountants
 and we have engaged Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. as our independent registered
public accounting firm.


LLP on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
of opinion
 nor were such reports qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles
 except that the
accountant&rsquo;s reports of MaloneBailey
 LLP on our financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012
and 2013 stated that we have suffered losses from operations and have a working capital deficit
 and that these conditions raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


    
    



accountants from MaloneBailey
 LLP to Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. was approved by our board of directors.


ended December 31
 2012 and 2013 and the subsequent interim period through December 16
 2014
 the date of the dismissal of MaloneBailey
LLP
 we did not have any disagreement with MaloneBailey
 LLP on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement
disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure.


 there
were no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as set forth in Item 304(a)(1) of Regulation S-K adopted by the Securities and Exchange
Commission
 except that (i) the accountant&rsquo;s reports of MaloneBailey
 LLP on our financial statements as of and for the fiscal
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013 stated that we have suffered losses from operations and have a working capital deficit
and that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
 (ii) our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013
 as reported in our annual reports on Form
10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013
 and (iii) our management identified material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013
 as reported in our annual reports on Form
10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013. The material weaknesses included weaknesses in procedures for control
evaluation
 a lack of an audit committee
 insufficient documentation of review procedures
 and insufficient information technology
procedures. Our board of directors have discussed these matters with Malone Bailey
 LLP
 and we have authorized Malone Bailey
LLP to respond fully to the inquiries of our successor accountant
 Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc.
 concerning these matters.

New independent registered public accounting
firm


 2014
we engaged Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ended December 31
2004. The decision to engage Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. as our independent registered public accounting firm was approved by the our
board of directors.


recent fiscal years and through the December 16
 2014
 we have not consulted with Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. regarding either of the
following:



    
    
the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements
 and neither a written report was provided to us nor oral advice was provided that Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing or financial reporting issue; or




    
    
    



    
    




Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


the preparation of this annual report on Form 10-K
 an evaluation was carried out by our management
 with the participation of
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer (who are one and the same person)
 of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;)) as of December 31
 2014. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
 including
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer (who are one and the same person)
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


the Company&rsquo;s management concluded
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
 that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. Management intends to improve the adequacy of its disclosure controls and procedures
during the course of 2015
 subject to available resources.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing
similar functions
 and effected by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that:



    
    
    




    
    
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and




    
    
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.



management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31
 2014
issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). As a result of this assessment
 management identified
a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting.


is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis.


identified is described below.


    
    


Procedures for
Management has not established with appropriate rigor the procedures for evaluating internal controls
over financial reporting. Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties
 documentation of the limited control structure
has not been accomplished.

Lack of Audit
 To date
 the Company has not established an Audit Committee. It is management&rsquo;s view that such a committee
including a financial expert
 is an utmost important entity level control over the financial reporting process.

Insufficient
. The Company employs policies and procedures for reconciliation of its financial statements
and note disclosures
 however
 these processes are not appropriately documented.

Insufficient
 Management has not established methodical and consistent policies and procedures
to ensure data integrity and security.


material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above
 the Company&rsquo;s management has concluded
that
 as of December 31
 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria
in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by COSO.


does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. We were not required to have
 nor have we
 engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform an audit
of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to
provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


period covered by this report
 there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31
 2014
 that materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




following the Signatures section of this report there are Certifications of our CEO and CFO. The Certifications are required in
accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications). This Item of this report is the
information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction
with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.






    
    





 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


our directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary and director

    
    
    
    
    
        
        



President Chief Executive Officer
 Chief
Financial Officer and director (Chairman)


 Chief
Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and director (Chairman) since October 31
 2014. Previously
 Mr. Earles served as Eastside
Distilling LLC&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer since January 2014. Prior to joining Eastside
 Mr. Earles served as managing director
of CRM Land Development LLC
 a land development company from 2010 to 2014. From 2000 to 2010
 Mr. Earles served as Chief Executive
Officer for SD Earles Inc.
 a southern California real estate development company. In addition
 Mr. Earles served as Chief Executive
Officer for several start-up companies from 2000 to 2010.


Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary and
director


as our Chief Marketing Officer and director since January 13
 2015 and as our Secretary since February 27
 2015. Since April 2014
Mr. Kunkel has also served as Director of Player Development and Casino Marketing at the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas
 Nevada.
From June 2011 to April 2014
 Mr. Kunkel served as Executive Casino Host and Casino Marketing for the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas
Nevada. From October 2010 to June 2011
 Mr. Kunkel served as Casino Host for the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino in Hollywood
 Florida.





as a director since October 31
 2014. In addition
 Mr. Gotter served as Chief Operating Officer and from October 31
 2014 to February
26
 2015. Mr. Gotter founded Eastside Distilling
 LLC
 our wholly-owned subsidiary in 2008 and has served in management positions
since its founding
 most recently as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Gotter has a degree in economics from the University of Wisconsin.




prior experience with Eastside as well as experience with other start-up businesses as well as his experience as CEO for a real
estate development company as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our directors. Regarding
Mr. Gotter
 we considered his experience founding Eastside and being employed in various management capacities at Eastside since
2008 as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our directors. Regarding Mr. Kunkel
 we considered
his marketing and player development positions as important factors in concluding that he was qualified to serve as one of our
directors.


    
    





has
 during the past ten years:


has had any bankruptcy petition filed by
or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
two years prior to that time;


been convicted in a criminal proceeding or
been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);


been
subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities
futures
 commodities or banking activities;



been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated;



been subject or a party to or any other disclosable
event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K.






communications to the Board of Directors by sending a certified or registered letter to the Chairman of the Board
 care of the
Secretary
 at our main business address set forth above. Communications that are threatening
 illegal
 or similarly inappropriate
and advertisements
 solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions
 and other similar communications will generally not be
forwarded to the Chairman.




sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2014
and 2013.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
9
000
    
    
9
000


 Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer&nbsp;&nbsp;and&nbsp; Chief Financial Officer
 (Since October 31
 2014)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
600
    
    
15
800


 2014 to February 26
 2015)
    
7
600
    
    
7
600

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Until October 31
 2014)
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014)
    
    
    
    
    





Includes compensation paid by Eastside Distilling
 LLC


    
    









our executive officers as of the year ended December 31
 2014.




agreements with each of Steven Earles
 Lenny Gotter and Martin Kunkel. Descriptions of the material terms of each agreement are
set forth below.




 2015
 we entered into an employment
agreement with Steven Earles to serve as President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of our Board
of Directors.&nbsp; The agreement is for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for an annual base salary during
the term of the agreement of $104
000 per year. Mr. Earles is eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of
directors.&nbsp;


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits (iii)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and(iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination without
cause.



On
February 6
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Lenny Gotter to serve as Chief Operating Officer.&nbsp; The agreement
is for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $78
000
per year


eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; On February 26
 2015
 Mr. Gotter&rsquo;s agreement
was amended to reflect his resignation as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Gotter will continue to be employed by us in his role as
a founder.

The
agreement also contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance
benefits (iii) 36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; (iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination
without cause. 


    
    




On February
6
 2015
 we entered into an employment agreement with Martin Kunkel to serve as Chief Marketing Officer.&nbsp; The agreement is
for an initial term ending on February 5
 2018 and provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $40
000
per year
 Mr. Kunkel is eligible to receive a bonus of at the discretion of the board of directors.&nbsp; In addition
 Mr. Kunkel
received an option to purchase 200
000 shares of our common stock.&nbsp; This option has a 5 year term and the securities issued

 however
that the options will not begin vesting until 6-months after the date of grant


contains the following material provisions: (i) reimbursement for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with his employment; (ii) two (2) weeks paid vacation leave; (iii) medical
 dental and life insurance benefits (iii)
36-month non-compete/non-solicitation terms; and (iv) a severance payment equal to the six months base salary upon termination
without cause.




Gotter and Kunkel employment agreements
 each of them is entitled to a severance payment of six (6) month&rsquo;s salary at the
then-applicable base salary rate in the event that we terminate their employment without cause.


sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to each of Messrs. Earles
 Gotter and Kunkel
upon termination without cause. The potential payments are based on the terms of each of the Employment Agreements discussed above.
For a more detailed description of the particular Employment Agreement
 see the &ldquo;Employment Agreements&rdquo; section above.



    
    

    
52
000

    
39
000

    
20
000






    
    

    
Based on Mr. Earles&rsquo; current annual base salary of $104
000.

    
Based on Mr. Gotter&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $78
000.

    
Based on Mr. Kunkel&rsquo;s current annual base salary of $40
000





 directors
receive no compensation for their services on our Board. All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with attending board of director and committee meetings provided that we have the resources to pay these
expenses.




of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;We will provide
to any person without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our code of ethics.&nbsp;&nbsp;Requests may be directed to our principal
executive offices at 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.


    
    



BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MAATERS


sets forth information as of March 31
 2015 as to each person or group who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our outstanding voting securities and as to the security and percentage ownership of each of our executive officers and directors
and of all of our officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of March 31
 2015
 we had 45
512
500 shares of common stock
outstanding.


is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe
that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown
as beneficially owned by the stockholder.


of this Registration Statement are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose
of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
787
500
    

    
12
150
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
24
937
500
    





Unless otherwise noted
 the address is c/o Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 1805 SE Martin Luther King Jr.
Blvd.
 Portland
 Oregon 97214.


TRANSACTIONS


December 31
 2013 a former director of the Company received $14
275 as compensation for management services provided to the Company.


December 31
 2014
 a former officer of the Company advanced us $8
358. The amount is non-interest bearing
 unsecured and due on
demand. This advance was forgiven in October 2014 in connection with the Acquisition.


 our President
Mr. Earles
 paid expenses on behalf of Eastside Distilling on his personal credit card totaling $345
212. These related party advances
do not bear interest and are payable on demand. We have repaid $342
536 of these advances leaving a balance due as of December
31
 2014 of $2
676.


    
    



 our
President
 Mr. Earles
 purchased 37
500 shares of common stock for $15
000 in our December 2014 Offering.


foregoing transactions were in our best interests. Consistent with Section 78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 it is our current
policy that all transactions between us and our officers
 directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions
are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
 are approved by vote of the stockholders
 or are fair to us as a corporation
as of the time it is authorized
 approved or ratified by the board. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party
transactions on an ongoing basis
 and
 where appropriate
 we will utilize our audit committee for the review of potential conflicts
of interest.




has determined that none of our directors are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined under the standards set forth in Section 121A
of the American Stock Exchange Company Guide.&nbsp;&nbsp;In making this determination
 the Board of Directors considered all transactions
set forth under &ldquo;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&rdquo; above.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES. 




Inc.
&nbsp;LLP billed us $25
000 in fees for our 2014 annual audit. MaloneBailey LLP bill us $12
000 in fees for our 2013 annual
audit
 $12
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly financial statements in 2014 and $12
000 in fees for the review of our quarterly
financial statements in 2013.




fees to Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. for assurance and related services that are not reported under Audit Fees above in 2014.


&nbsp;LLP
for assurance and related services that are not reported under Audit Fees above in 2014 or 2013.




ended December 31
 2014
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by MaloneBailey LLP were $0.


ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the aggregate fees billed for tax compliance
 by MaloneBailey LLP were $0.




 Burr Pilger
Mayer
 Inc. billed us $10
000for the audit of Eastside Distilling
 LLC financial statements related to our October 2014 acquisition.


    
    





pre-approval policies and procedures related to the provision of audit and non-audit services. Under these procedures
 our audit
committee pre-approves all services to be provided by Burr Pilger Mayer
 Inc. and the estimated fees related to these services.


 audit related
and tax services were pre-approved by the audit committee
 which concluded that the provision of such services by Burr Pilger Mayer
Inc. was compatible with the maintenance of that firm&rsquo;s independence in the conduct of its auditing functions. Our pre-approval
policies and procedures provide for the audit committee&rsquo;s pre-approval of specifically described audit
 audit-related
 and
tax services on an annual basis
 but individual engagements anticipated to exceed pre-established thresholds must be separately
approved. The policies and procedures also require specific approval by the audit committee if total fees for audit-related and
tax services would exceed total fees for audit services in any fiscal year. The policies and procedures authorize the audit committee
to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services.









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 20
 2014 by and among Eurocan Holdings Ltd.
 Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 and Eastside Distilling
 LLC.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 20
 2014 and filed on October 23
 2014.

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated November 19
 2014 between Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd. and Eastside Distilling
 Inc. incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November 25
 2014.

    
    
Separation and Share Transfer Agreement dated February 3
 2015 by and among Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. and Michael Williams
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on 8-K dated February 3
 2015 and filed on February 5
 2015.

    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Eurocan Holdings
 Inc. (now known as Eastside Distilling
 Inc.)
 incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Eurocan Holdings
 Inc. (now known as Eastside Distilling
 Inc.)
 incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 14
 2011 (File No. 333-177918

    
    
Articles of Merger dated November 19
 2014 between of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 19
 2014 and filed on November 25
 2014.

    
    
Amended 5% Convertible Note dated September 19
 2014
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30
 2014.

    
    
5% Secured Promissory Note dated June 13
 2014 in the principal amount of $150
000 issued by Eastside Distilling LLC in favor of Eurocan Holdings
 Ltd.
 incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30
 2014.

    
    
Form of Subscription Agreement
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31
 2014 and filed on January 5
 2015.

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31
 2014 and filed on January 5
 2015.



    
    




    
    
Lease Agreement dated July 17
 2014 between PJM Bldg. II LLC and Eastside Distilling LLC
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
2015 Stock Incentive Plan of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015.

    
    
Employment Agreement dated February 6
 2015 between Steven Earles and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 6
 2015 and filed on February 10
 2015

    
    
Lease Agreement with Oregon City Building Limited Partnership
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Specialty Lease Agreement dated January 20
 2015 between RPR Washington Square LLC and Eastside Distilling
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
License Agreement dated October 10
 2014 between Clackamas Town Center and Eastside Distilling
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
Non-Exclusive Consulting Agreement with Rinvest Securities
 Inc. (1)

    
    
Code of Ethics
 incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-202033) filed on February 11
 2015

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Steven Earles pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1)

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document (1)

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Schema Linkbase Document (1)

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Calculation Linkbase Document (1)

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Definition Linkbase Document (1)

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Labels Linkbase Document (1)

    
    
XBRL Taxonomy
    Presentation Linkbase Document (1)








    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant caused this amended report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 INC.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    


 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief
Financial Officer and Director
        
Accounting
        Officer)



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this amended report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer

    
March 31
 2015

    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 and director
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Marketing Officer
 Secretary
    
March 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    



    














     



Exhibit
10.11


CONSULTING AGREEMENT


entered into as of October 21
 2014
 with an effective date of September 15
 2014 (the &ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
 is between
Eastside Distilling
 LLC
 an Oregon limited liability company (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Rinvest Securities Inc. (the &ldquo;Consultant&rdquo;).


parties wish to provide for the engagement of the Consultant by the Company
 on a non-exclusive basis
 to provide strategic international
contacts to facilitate the distribution of the Company&rsquo;s handcrafted spirits (&ldquo;Products&rdquo;) throughout the world
other than the United States (the &ldquo;Territory&rdquo;) on a non-exclusive basis. The Consultant commenced performance of the
Services pursuant to a verbal understanding on or around the Effective Date.


Consultant wishes to receive compensation from the Company for the Consultant&rsquo;s services
 and the Company desires reasonable
protection of its confidential business and technical information that has been acquired and is being developed by the Company
at substantial expense.


 each intending
to be legally bound
 agree as follows:

.
Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 the Company agrees to engage the Consultant on a non-exclusive basis
for the term of this Agreement
 and the Consultant accepts such engagement. The Consultant shall serve the Company as an independent
contractor and shall not be considered an employee of the Company. The Consultant&rsquo;s engagement shall be exclusive. The Company
reserves the right
 from time to time during the term of this Agreement
 to add to or delete from the geographical area included
in the Territory. The Company may
 at its sole discretion
 appoint one or more additional consultants in the Territory. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 (i) the Company reserves the right to solicit orders directly from and sell directly to customers within the Territory
defined
 (ii) the Company may distribute Products in the Territory through any of its authorized distributors as established by
the Company from time to time
 in its sole discretion
 regardless of whether such distributor was introduced by Consultant
 and
(iii) the Company reserves the right under all intellectual property rights to make
 have made
 develop
 market
 license
 sell
and distribute products other than the Products in the Territory.

.
The Consultant will perform the following duties (the &ldquo;Services&rdquo;):


of the Board of Directors of the Company and the supervision of the Chairman of the Board of the Company
 the Consultant will provide
strategic international contacts to facilitate the distribution of the Products in the Territory
 as well as other consulting services
which may
 in the future
 be mutually agreed upon by the Company and Consultant. The Consultant shall report to the Chairman of
the Board or the entire Board of Directors of the Company
 and the Consultant shall have direct and unfettered access to the Board
of Directors of the Company.


that the manner and means used by the Consultant to accomplish the Services is in the sole discretion and control of the Consultant.


    
    


Intentionally
Omitted

.
Subject to earlier termination in accordance with Section 4 below
 this Agreement shall become effective on the date set forth
above and will have a term of twenty-four (24) months.

.
Subject to the respective continuing obligations of the Company and the Consultant under Sections 8 and 9 below:


party may terminate this Agreement with or without cause upon ten (10) days&rsquo; prior written notice to the other party;


Company may terminate this Agreement immediately on written notice to the Consultant for cause
 including
 without limitation
fraud
 misrepresentation
 theft
 embezzlement of assets of the Company
 or breach of any provision of this Agreement (including
failure to provide the statement of services pursuant to Section 3); and


Agreement will terminate upon Consultant&rsquo;s death or upon written notice from the Company in the event of Consultant&rsquo;s
disability that prevents the Consultant from performing its duties under this Agreement (as described in Section 2 above).


termination
 the Consultant shall deliver to the Company any supplies
 information
 equipment
 or any other material provided by
the Company for use in performing the consulting tasks
 and all physical property and documents or other media (including copies)
that contain Confidential Information.



Cash
. In consideration of the Consultant&rsquo;s performance of the Services
 the Company shall pay an up-front
fee of $225
000 (the &ldquo;Cash Fee&rdquo;)
 which Cash Fee will be paid to Consultant on or before October 29

however
 that the Company may defer the Cash Fee until the Company has actually received gross cash proceeds of not less than
$2
000
000 in debt and/or equity financings on or after the date hereof.


    
    


Stock
. Upon the Company&rsquo;s adoption of an equity incentive plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)
 the Company shall grant
Consultant options to purchase up to one million (1
000
000) membership interest units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo;) in the Company
(the &ldquo;Options&rdquo;) at an exercise price of $0.40 per Unit. The Options shall be granted under the Plan and shall be subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan. In the event that any provision of this Agreement respecting the Options shall conflict
with the terms of the Plan
 however
 the terms of this Agreement shall control. The Options shall be non-qualified stock options
and shall expire on the date two (2) years from the date of grant. The Options shall become vested and exercisable on the date
of grant
 assuming Consultant remains in the service of the Company continuously through the vesting date.

Bonus
. As soon as practicable after the Company has sold (and received payment for) five hundred thousand (500
000) cases
of the Product in the Territory to purchasers introduced to the Company by Consultant
 the Company shall issue a cause the issuance
of two hundred thousand (200
000) additional Units in the Company (the &ldquo;Bonus Units&rdquo;). The Bonus Units issued to the
Consultant shall have the status of &ldquo;restricted&rdquo; securities as the term is defined by Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended. The Bonus Units
 when issued to Consultant
 will be duly authorized
 validly issued and outstanding
 fully
paid and nonassessable and will not be subject to any liens or encumbrances.

Registration
. The Company grants to the holder of the Units underlying the Options and the Bonus Units registration rights as
set forth on 

Representations
and Warranties of Consultant.


has the authority to enter into and carry out its obligations under this Agreement.


execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result
in a breach of any contract or agreement (written or oral) to which Consultant is a party.


shall defend
 indemnify and hold harmless Company and its managers
 members
 employees
 agents
 representatives and affiliates
from and against any and all losses
 damages
 expenses and liabilities
 including reasonable attorneys' fees
 costs and disbursements
which any of them may suffer as a result of or which arise out of or are related to (i) a breach of any of Consultant's representations
warranties or covenants set forth herein; (ii) any third party claims relating to the Services provided by Consultant under this
Agreement and (iii) Consultant&rsquo;s fraud
 negligence
 intentional act or omission
 willful misconduct or breach of law relating
the provision of Services by Consultant. This provision shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.


    
    



Consultant understands that neither the Option (including the shares issuable upon exercise of the Option) nor the Bonus Units
(the &ldquo;Securities&rdquo;) have been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) under the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 nor registered/qualified under the &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws of any state
 in
reliance on an exemption from such registration/qualification for transactions not involving a public offering and that the Company
is relying upon the representations made in this letter in concluding that such exemptions apply.


Consultant acknowledges that the Company has made available to the Consultant and the Consultant&rsquo;s advisors the opportunity
to obtain information to evaluate the merits and risks of the investment in the Securities
 and the Consultant has received all
information requested from the Company. The Consultant has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company
regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the business
 properties
 plans
 prospects
 and financial
condition of the Company and to obtain additional information as the Consultant has deemed appropriate for purposes of investing
in the Securities.


Consultant acknowledges and represents that the Consultant is either (i) sophisticated and experienced enough in financial and
business matters to be able to understand and evaluate the risks of the investment in the Securities
 or (ii) the Consultant intends
to use or has used the services of a purchaser representative acceptable to the Company in connection with evaluating the merits
and risks of an investment in the Securities.


Consultant hereby represents that the Consultant is acquiring the Securities for investment for the Consultant&rsquo;s own account
and not with a present intention of distributing the Securities and that the Consultant is not acting as an &ldquo;underwriter&rdquo;
as defined in Section 2(a)(11) of the Act with respect to the Securities.


Consultant has not received any general solicitation or general advertising concerning the Securities
 nor is the Consultant aware
of any such solicitation or advertising. Further
 the Consultant has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Company
or any of its officers
 directors or controlling persons.


Consultant understands that the Securities are &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; as defined in the Act and that the Securities
can be disposed of only if there is an effective registration statement covering such disposition
 or an exemption from such registration
is available. The Consultant further understands that an exemption from such registration may or may not be available.


Consultant acknowledges that the Company will place an appropriate legend concerning the matters contained in this letter on the
certificate(s) evidencing the Securities
 and that the Company will prohibit transfer of such certificate(s) except in compliance
with the conditions set forth herein.


as follows:


certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933. The shares have been acquired for investment and may not
be sold
 transferred or assigned in the absence of an effective registration statement for these shares under the Securities Act
of 1933 or an opinion of the Company&rsquo;s counsel that registration is not required under said Act.&rdquo;


    
    



Company agrees that if the Consultant desires to make any transfer of the Securities and the Company is in a position to impede
such transfer
 the Company will promptly remove such impediment when:


Company has been furnished with an opinion of counsel to the effect that the proposed transfer does not require registration pursuant
to the Act or any applicable state securities law by reason of exemptions provided thereunder and a representation and agreement
of the proposed transferee
 and the Company shall have advised the Consultant that such counsel
 opinion
 representation and agreement
are satisfactory to the Company and the Company&rsquo;s counsel; or


Company has been furnished with an opinion of counsel to the effect that the proposed transfer complies with the provisions of
Rule 144 under the Act
 and the Company shall have advised the Consultant that such counsel and such opinion are satisfactory to
the Company and the Company&rsquo;s counsel; or


registration statement covering the proposed transfer has been filed with the SEC and has been declared effective by the SEC and
under applicable state securities laws.




&rdquo;
as used in this Section 8
 means any inventions
 discoveries
 improvements and ideas (whether or not they are in writing or reduced
to practice) or works of authorship (whether or not they can be patented or copyrighted) that the Consultant makes
 authors
 or
conceives (either alone or with others) with respect to the Company&rsquo;s business only. The Consultant agrees that all Inventions
made by the Consultant during or within six months after the term of this Agreement will be the Company&rsquo;s sole and exclusive
property. The Consultant will assign (and the Consultant hereby assigns) to the Company all of the Consultant&rsquo;s rights to
the Invention
 any applications the Consultant makes for patents or copyrights in any country
 and any patents or copyrights granted
to the Consultant in any country.


the extent that any Invention qualifies as &ldquo;work made for hire&rdquo; as defined in 17 U.S.C. &sect;&nbsp;101 (1976)
 as
amended
 such Invention shall constitute &ldquo;work made for hire&rdquo; and
 as such
 shall be the exclusive property of the
Company.


    
    


.
&ldquo;Confidential Information
&rdquo; as used in this Section&nbsp;9
 means information that is not generally known and that
is proprietary to the Company or that the Company is obligated to treat as proprietary. Any information that the Consultant reasonably
considers Confidential Information
 or that the Company treats as Confidential Information
 will be presumed to be Confidential
Information (whether the Consultant or others originated it and regardless of how the Consultant obtained it). Except as specifically
authorized by an authorized officer of the Company or by written Company policies
 the Consultant will not
 either during or after
the term of this Agreement
 use or disclose Confidential Information to any person who is not an employee of the Company
 except
as is necessary to perform his or her duties under this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement
 the Consultant will promptly
deliver to the Company all records and any compositions
 articles
 devices
 apparatus and other items that disclose
 describe or
embody Confidential Information or any Invention.

No
. The Consultant understands that if the Consultant fails to fulfill the Consultant&rsquo;s obligations
under Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement
 the damages to the Company would be very difficult to determine. Therefore
 in addition
to any other rights or remedies available to the Company at law
 in equity
 or by statute
 the Consultant hereby consents to the
specific enforcement of Sections 8 or 9 of this Agreement by the Company through an injunction or restraining order issued by an
appropriate court.

Consent
. The Consultant consents to the use of the Consultant&rsquo;s name
 without prior written approval
 in appropriate
Company materials such as
 but not limited to
 offering memoranda related to financing activities of the Company.



No
Conflicts
The Consultant represents and warrants to the Company that
 to the Consultant&rsquo;s knowledge
 neither the entering into of this
Agreement nor the performance of any of the Consultant&rsquo;s obligations hereunder will conflict with or constitute a breach
under any obligation of the Consultant under any agreement or contract to which the Consultant is a party or any other obligation
by which the Consultant is bound. Without limiting the foregoing
 the Consultant agrees that at no time will the Consultant utilize
any trade secrets or other intellectual property of any third party while performing services hereunder.

Nature
of Relationship
purposes of any employee benefit programs
 income tax withholding
 FICA taxes
 unemployment benefits
 or otherwise. Accordingly
the Consultant understands that the Company will not pay or withhold from payments to the Consultant under this Agreement any FICA
(social security)
 state unemployment or disability insurance premiums
 state or federal income taxes
 or other taxes and that
Consultant is responsible for paying its own federal self-employment tax (in lieu of FICA)
 state and federal income taxes (including
estimated tax payments) and other applicable taxes. Consultant also understands that he or she will receive no employee benefits
of any kind including
 for example
 health insurance.

Successors
and Assigns
 all of which
are included in the term the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; as it is used in this Agreement.


    
    


.
This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing signed by both the Company and the Consultant.

Governing
Law
 including without limitation interpretation
performance
 effect and remedies (without regard to the laws of conflict of any jurisdiction).

.
Wherever possible
 each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted so that it is valid under the applicable law. If any provision
of this Agreement is to any extent invalid under the applicable law
 that provision will still be effective to the extent it remains
valid. The remainder of this Agreement also will continue to be valid
 and the entire Agreement will continue to be valid in other
jurisdictions.

.
No failure or delay by either the Company or the Consultant in exercising any right or remedy under this Agreement will waive any
provision of the Agreement.

Entire
Agreement
 commitments
 writings and understandings
between the parties concerning the matters in this Agreement
 including without limitation any policy or personnel manuals of the
Company.

.
All notices
 requests and demands will be served by first class or express mail
 postage prepaid
 or sent by telex
 telegram
 telecopy
or other similar form of rapid transmission confirmed by mailing written confirmation at substantially the same time as such rapid
transmission
 as follows:



    
    

 LLC

    
    
    

    
    

 Oregon 97214

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 4

    
    
    

    
    
    


[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK]


    
    



have duly executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.



    
EASTSIDE DISTILLING
 LLC

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    





    
    






.
As used in this 
 the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Exchange
Act
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.


See Section (f) hereof.


The prospectus included in any Registration Statement (including
 without limitation
 a prospectus that discloses information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Securities Act Rule 430A)
 as amended
or supplemented by any prospectus supplement
 with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement and all other amendments and supplements to the prospectus
 including post-effective amendments
and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registration
Expenses:
 including
 without
limitation
 all registration and filing fees
 printing expenses
 fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company
 accountants&rsquo;
expenses (including
 without limitation
 any special audits or &ldquo;comfort&rdquo; letters incidental to or required by any such
registration)
 any fees or disbursements of underwriters customarily paid by issuers or sellers of securities (but excluding underwriting
discounts and commissions) and blue sky fees and expenses in all states reasonably designated by the holders of Registrable Securities.

Registrable
Securities:
 the Bonus Units
 and any securities issued or issuable in respect of the Units
underlying the Options or of the Bonus Units
 pursuant to any stock split
 stock dividend
 recapitalization
 reorganization
 or
similar event.

Registration
Statement:
of this Agreement
 including the Prospectus
 amendments and supplements to such registration statement
 including post-effective
amendments
 all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration
statement.

Rule
144:
 as such Rule may be amended from time to time
 or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the SEC (excluding Rule 144A).


The Securities and Exchange Commission.


    
    


Securities
Act:
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder.

Underwritten
registration or underwritten offering:
to the public.

Securities
Subject to the Registration Rights
A are the Registrable Securities.

Registration
Rights
) anniversary of
the date hereof
 and (ii) the date on which all Registrable Securities become eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 without
limitation
 the Company proposes to register any of its securities under the Securities Act (except for registrations on Forms
S-8 or S-4 or their equivalent)
 it will give written notice by registered mail
 at least thirty (30) days prior to the filing
of each such Registration Statement
 to the holders of Registrable Securities of its intention to do so. If any holders of Registrable
Securities notify the Company within twenty (20) days after receipt of any such notice of its desire to include any Registrable
Securities in such proposed Registration Statement
 the Company shall afford such holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity
to have any such Registrable Securities registered under such Registration Statement. These rights may be exercised at any time
) anniversary of the date hereof
 subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Exhibit A.

Holdback
and Lock-Up Agreements

Restrictions
on Public Sale by Holders of Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section&nbsp;(c) hereof agrees
 if requested by the managing underwriters
in an underwritten offering (to the extent timely notified in writing by the Company or the managing underwriters)
 not to effect
any public sale or distribution of securities of the Company of any class included in such Registration Statement
 including a
sale pursuant to Rule&nbsp;144 (except as part of such underwritten offering)
 during the 10-day period prior to
 and the 180-day
period beginning on
 the effective date of any underwritten offering made pursuant to such Registration Statement; provided
 however
the foregoing prohibition shall only apply if all Registrable Securities requested by such holder to be covered by such Registration
Statement are included in such Registration Statement.


foregoing provisions shall not apply to any holder of Registrable Securities if such holder is prevented by applicable statute
or regulation from entering into any such agreement; provided
 however
 that any such holder shall undertake in its request to
participate in any such underwritten offering not to effect any public sale or distribution of the class of Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement (except as part of such underwritten offering) during such period unless it has provided
five (5) business days prior written notice of such sale or distribution to the managing underwriters.


    
    


Expenses
and Procedures

Expenses
of Registration
Each holder of Registrable Securities shall bear all underwriting discounts
 selling commissions
 sales concessions and similar
expenses applicable to the sale of the Registrable Securities sold by such holder.

Registration
Procedures
 qualification
and compliance and as to the completion thereof. At its expense
 the Company will furnish such number of Prospectuses and other
documents incident thereto as the holders or underwriters from time to time may reasonably request.

.
The Company may require each seller of Registrable Securities as to which any registration is being effected to furnish such information
regarding the distribution of such Registrable Securities as the Company may from time to time reasonably request and the Company
may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any seller who unreasonably fails to furnish such information
after receiving such request.

Delay
or Suspension
 the Company may
 at any time
 suspend the effectiveness of
any Registration Statement for a period of up to 60 consecutive days or 90 days in the aggregate in any calendar year
 as appropriate
&rdquo;)
 by giving notice to each holder of Registrable Securities to be included in the Registration
Statement
 if the Company shall have determined
 after consultation with its counsel
 that the Company is required to disclose
any material corporate development which the Company determines could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the Company.
Each holder of Registrable Securities agrees by acquisition of such Registrable Securities that
 upon receipt of any notice from
the Company of a Suspension Period
 such holder shall forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement or Prospectus until such holder (i)&nbsp;is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the
applicable Prospectus may be resumed
 (ii)&nbsp;has received copies of a supplemental or amended prospectus
 if applicable
 and
(iii)&nbsp;has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by
reference in such Prospectus. The Company shall prepare
 file and furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities immediately
upon the expiration of any Suspension Period
 appropriate supplements or amendments
 if applicable
 to the Prospectus and appropriate
documents
 if applicable
 incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement. The Company agrees to use its best efforts to
cause any Suspension Period to be terminated as promptly as possible.

Blue
Sky
 as expeditiously as possible
 use its best efforts to register or qualify the Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as the Company deems appropriate
or
 in the case of an underwritten public offering
 the managing underwriter shall reasonably request
 provided that the Company
shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it
is not so qualified or to take any action which would subject it to taxation or service of process in any jurisdiction where it
is not otherwise subject to such taxation or service of process.


    
    


Notification
of Material Events
 as expeditiously as possible
 immediately notify each holder of Registrable Securities
under a Registration Statement
 at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities
Act
 of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus contained in such Registration Statement
 as then in effect
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing and
 as expeditiously as possible
amend or supplement such Prospectus to eliminate the untrue statement or the omission.



Indemnification
by Company
 without limitation as to time
 indemnify and hold harmless
 to the full extent permitted by
law
 each holder of Registrable Securities
 its officers
 directors
 agents and employees
 each person who controls such holder
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act)
 and the officers
 directors
 agents
or employees of any such controlling person
 from and against all losses
 claims
 damages
 liabilities
 costs (including
 without
limitation
&rdquo;)
 as incurred
 arising
out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement
Prospectus or preliminary prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto
 or arising out of or based upon any omission or alleged
omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances
under which they were made (in the case of any Prospectus) not misleading
 except insofar as the same are based solely upon information
furnished to the Company by such holder for use therein; provided
 however
 that the Company shall not be liable in any such case
to the extent that any such Loss arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission made
in any preliminary prospectus or Prospectus if (i) such holder failed to send or deliver a copy of the Prospectus or Prospectus
supplement with or prior to the delivery of written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities and (ii) the Prospectus
or Prospectus supplement would have corrected such untrue statement or omission. If requested
 the Company shall also indemnify
underwriters
 selling brokers
 dealer managers and similar securities industry professionals participating in the distribution
their officers
 directors
 agents and employees and each person who controls such persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of
the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) to the same extent as provided above with respect to the indemnification
of the holders of Registrable Securities.


    
    


Indemnification
by Holder of Registrable Securities
is participating
 such holder of Registrable Securities shall furnish to the Company in writing such information as the Company
may reasonably request for use in connection with any Registration Statement or Prospectus. Such holder hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless
 to the full extent permitted by law
 the Company
 and its officers
 directors
 agents and employees
 each person
who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act)
 and the officers
directors
 agents or employees of any such controlling person
 from and against all losses
 as incurred
 arising out of or based
upon any untrue statements or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained in any Registration Statement
 Prospectus or
preliminary prospectus
 or arising out of or based upon any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances under which they were made (in the case of any Prospectus) not misleading
to the extent
 but only to the extent
 that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information so furnished in writing
by such holder to the Company for use in such Registration Statement
 Prospectus or preliminary prospectus. The Company shall be
entitled to receive indemnities from accountants
 underwriters
 selling brokers
 dealer managers and similar securities industry
professionals participating in the distribution to the same extent as provided above with respect to information so furnished by
such persons specifically for inclusion in any Registration Statement
 Prospectus or preliminary prospectus
 provided
 that the
failure of the Company to obtain any such indemnity shall not relieve the Company of any of its obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding
any provision of this Section&nbsp;(f) to the contrary
 the liability of a holder of Registrable Securities under this Section&nbsp;(f)
shall not exceed the purchase price received by such holder for the Registrable Securities sold pursuant to a Registration Statement
or Prospectus.

Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
in writing
 and the indemnifying party shall assume the defense thereof
 including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the indemnified party and the payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the defense thereof. All such fees
and expenses (including any fees and expenses incurred in connection with investigation or preparing to defend such action or proceeding)
shall be paid to the indemnified party
 as incurred
 within 20 days of written notice thereof to the indemnifying party; provided
however
 that if
 in accordance with this Section (f)
 the indemnifying party is not liable to the indemnified party
 such fees
and expenses shall be returned promptly to the indemnifying party. Any such indemnified party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action
 claim or proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof
 but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall be the expense of such indemnified party unless (a)&nbsp;the indemnifying party has agreed to pay such fees and expenses
(b)&nbsp;the indemnifying party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such action
 claim or proceeding and to employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party in any such action
 claim or proceeding
 or (c)&nbsp;the named parties
to any such action
 claim or proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such indemnified party and the indemnifying
party
 and such indemnified party shall have been advised by counsel that there may be one or more legal defenses available to
it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying party (in which case
 if such indemnified party
notifies the indemnifying party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party
the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such action
 claim or proceeding on behalf of such indemnified
party
 it being understood
 however
 that the indemnifying party shall not
 in connection with any one such action
 claim or proceeding
or separate but substantially similar or related actions
 claims or proceedings in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same
general allegations or circumstances
 be liable for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys
(together with appropriate local counsel) at any time for all such indemnified parties
 unless in the opinion of counsel for such
indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified party and any other of such indemnified parties with
respect to such action
 claim or proceeding
 in which event the indemnifying party shall be obligated to pay the fees and expenses
of such additional counsel or counsels). No indemnifying party will consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the release of such indemnified party from all liability in respect to
such claim or litigation without the written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) of the indemnified party.
No indemnified party shall consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement without the written consent (which consent
will not be unreasonably withheld) of the indemnifying party from which indemnify or contribution is sought.


    
    


.
If the indemnification provided for in this Section&nbsp;(f) is unavailable to an indemnified party under Section (f)(i) or (f)(ii)
hereof (other than by reason of exceptions provided in those Sections) in respect of any Losses
 then each applicable indemnifying
party in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as
a result of such Losses
 in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified
party in connection with the actions
 statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of such indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall be determined by reference to
 among
other things
 whether any action in question
 including any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or
omission or alleged omission of a material fact
 has been taken or made by
 or relates to information supplied by
 such indemnifying
party or indemnified party
 and the parties&rsquo; relative intent
 knowledge
 access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action
 statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed
to include
 subject to the limitations set forth in Section (f)(iii)
 any legal or other fees or expenses reasonably incurred by
such party in connection with any action
 suit
 claim
 investigation or proceeding.


that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section (f)(iv) were determined by pro rata allocation
or by any other method of allocation which does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Rule
144
and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder
 and will take such further action as any holder of Registrable Securities may reasonably
request
 all to the extent required from time to time to enable such holder to sell Registrable Securities without registration
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemption provided by Rule 144 or Rule 144A. Upon the request of any holder
of Registrable Securities
 the Company shall deliver to such holder a written statement as to whether the Company has complied
with such requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 nothing in this Section 5.7 shall be deemed to require the Company to register
any of its securities under any section of the Exchange Act.


    
    


Underwritten
Registrations
(i) agrees to sell such holder&rsquo;s Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by
the persons entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements
 and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires
 powers of attorney
indemnities
 underwriting agreements and other documents required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.



    














     






PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a)


SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Steven Earles
 certify that:


10-K of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.;


 this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


    
    



and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether
or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.

March 31
2015



    
    

    
    

President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
    



    













     





CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Steven Earles.
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that the Annual Report of Eastside Distilling


of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K
fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Eastside Distilling
 Inc.

March 31
2015



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using&#13;the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
&#13;if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income&#13;tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31


 most of which represent technical corrections to the&#13;accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company's&#13;consolidated financial position
 results of operations

    

 2014
 convertible&#13;note payable consists of a $150
000 convertible note bearing interest at 5% per annum with a maturity date of June 13


 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal&#13;credit card totaling approximately $345
000. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December&#13;31
 2014
 the remaining balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $3

 the Company's&#13;chief executive officer purchased 37
500 shares of common stock for $15


 2013
 the Company was a limited liability company. As a limited liability company
 all income tax effects of the&#13;Company's operations were passed through to its members individually
 accordingly
 the accompanying financial statements do not&#13;include any income tax effects for the Company at or for the year ended December 31



378



497










 2014
 the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) of approximately $367
000 and $366
000
&#13;respectively
 to offset against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried&#13;forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be&#13;realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during the periods&#13;in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the deferred tax assets


 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The total number of shares available for the grant of either&#13;stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 3
000
000 shares

 2015
 there&#13;are options to purchase 350

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    


    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    

 Organization

 developer
 producer
 and marketer of hand-crafted spirits in the following beverage alcohol categories: bourbon
&#13;whiskey
 rum
 and vodka. The Company currently distributes its products in seven states (Oregon
 Washington
 Minnesota
 Georgia
&#13;Pennsylvania
 Idaho
 and Maryland). The Company also generates revenue from tastings
 tasting room tours
 private parties
 and&#13;merchandise sales from its facilities in Oregon. The Company is subject to the Oregon Liquor Control Commission (OLCC) and the&#13;Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB). The Company is headquartered in Portland

 2014
 Eurocan&#13;Holdings Ltd. (Eurocan) consummated the acquisition (the Acquisition) of Eastside Distilling
 LLC (the LLC) pursuant to an Agreement&#13;and Plan of Merger (the Agreement) by and among Eurocan
 the LLC
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc.
 Eurocan's wholly-owned subsidiary.&#13;Pursuant to the Agreement
 the LLC merged with and into Eastside Distilling
 Inc. The merger consideration for the Acquisition&#13;consisted of 32
000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled an aggregate&#13;of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000 shares of&#13;common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000
000 shares were held by the former members of the LLC. Consequently
 for accounting&#13;purposes
 the transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition
 with the LLC as the acquirer of Eurocan. These financial&#13;statements are presented as a continuation of the operations of the LLC with one adjustment to retroactively adjust the legal common&#13;stock of Eastside Distilling

&#13;Eastside Distilling
 Inc. merged with and into Eurocan
 and Eurocan's name was officially changed to Eastside Distilling
 Inc.&#13;(Eastside). Prior to the Acquisition
 Michael Williams Web Design
 Inc. (MWWD) was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eurocan and constituted&#13;the majority of Eurocan's operations. Pursuant to the Agreement and subsequent activity
 MWWD became a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Eastside on October 31
 2014. MWWD's operations were not significant during the two months ended December 31

 Inc. and Subsidiary with those of the LLC and provide a full year presentation for comparability purposes.&#13;The LLC's period is from January 1
 2013 to October 31
 2014
 and Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and Subsidiary's period is from November&#13;1
 2014 to December 31

 largely comprised of the impairment of goodwill of approximately $3.2 million
 and used&#13;cash flow from operations of approximately $1.1 million. The Company raised net proceeds of approximately $2.2 million from the&#13;issuance of common stock in 2014 with approximately $1.1 million of cash on hand at December 31
 2014. Management believes that&#13;cash flow from operations and available capital are sufficient to sustain its current level of operations for the next twelve months.&#13;However
 the Company may require additional capital to expand and market its business to become a nationwide distributor. The Company's&#13;ability to raise additional capital
 as needed



 marketing&#13;and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating decision maker
 its chief executive&#13;officer

 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment to the customer. Postage and handling&#13;charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally&#13;FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location.&#13;For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#146;s shipment to the customer. The customer&#13;has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations


 contract production fees
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges.&#13;Ingredients account for the largest portion of the cost of sales


 the Company does&#13;not require collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined with respect to those amounts that the Company has determined&#13;to be doubtful of collection using specific identification of doubtful accounts and an aging of receivables analysis based on invoice&#13;due dates. Generally
 trade receivables are past due after 30 days after an invoice date
 unless special payment terms are provided.&#13;The Company did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31


 2014 and 2013
 one&#13;distributor
 the OLCC
 represented 70% and 63% of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the OLCC
 accounted&#13;for approximately 40% of our consolidated revenues for each of the years ended December 31

 establishes&#13;a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. GAAP permits an entity to&#13;choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial statement presentation&#13;and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December 31
 2014 and 2013

 whereas Level 3
 if&#13;applicable

 either directly&#13;        or indirectly

 2014 and 2013. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information&#13;about financial instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
&#13;accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities.&#13;At December 31
 2014 and 2013

 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the OLCC on&#13;consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records write-downs&#13;for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#146;s estimated forecast of product demand and production&#13;requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has recorded no&#13;write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31

 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line&#13;method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets

 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment whenever&#13;events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment
&#13;management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the&#13;use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount of the asset

 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to&#13;determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014

 deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
 if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets&#13;to the amount expected to be realized. At December&amp;#160;31
 2014

 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and&#13;for the years ended December 31

000 and $56
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
&#13;and is included in selling
 general


&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected stock&#13;price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates

 most&#13;of which represent technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected&#13;to a have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position
 results of operations

    
    
    
    

318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;260
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59













889 and $2
790 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


 2012 through May&#13;    1
 2013
 followed by principal and interest payments through May 1


079 beginning&#13;    March 1
 2014. During 2014
 this note payable was increased to $50
000 and the unpaid principal balance of $46


















&#13;without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by&#13;the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding&#13;during the period. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31

057
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
374
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22.3pt; text-indent: -21.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22.3pt; text-indent: -21.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic and diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
000


 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.&#13;Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations&#13;in rental payments

 2014







517

000 and $16
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating&#13;decision maker
 its chief executive officer


 contract production fees
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account&#13;for the largest portion of the cost of sales

    

 the Company does not require collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined with respect to those amounts&#13;that the Company has determined to be doubtful of collection using specific identification of doubtful accounts and an aging of&#13;receivables analysis based on invoice due dates. Generally
 trade receivables are past due after 30 days after an invoice date
&#13;unless special payment terms are provided. The Company did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31


 2014&#13;and 2013
 one distributor
 the OLCC
 represented 70% and 63% of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the&#13;OLCC
 accounted for approximately 40% of our consolidated revenues for each of the years ended December 31


 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the&#13;OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records&#13;write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&amp;#146;s estimated forecast of product demand and&#13;production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has&#13;recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31


 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to&#13;determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014


000 and $56
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
&#13;and is included in selling
 general



    

&#13;which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation&#13;model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected&#13;stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates




 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.&#13;GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial&#13;statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December&#13;31
 2014 and 2013

 whereas Level 3
 if applicable

 either directly or indirectly

 2014 and 2013. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about financial&#13;instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts payable
&#13;accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts payable
&#13;and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. At December 31
&#13;2014 and 2013


 2012 through May 1
 2013
 followed by principal and interest payments through May 1
 2015. Paid in full during 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -12.6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unsecured note payable bearing interest at 6.00%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $1
079 beginning March 1
 2014. During 2014
 this note payable was increased to $50
000 and the unpaid principal balance of $46
853 was converted to equity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -12.6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
 2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -12.6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -12.6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 12.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -12.6pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long-term portion of notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30


560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26


 2014

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;294
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;254
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;266
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;278
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;240
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
517


057
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33
374
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(0.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22.3pt; text-indent: -21.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22.3pt; text-indent: -21.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic and diluted net income per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
000


 through a reverse acquisition transaction
&#13;the LLC obtained a controlling financial interest in Eurocan on October 31

000
000) to effect reverse acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;3
200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Fair value of total consideration transferred&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;3
200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;364&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Receivables&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;155
060&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;(37
411&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;(11
302&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;(2
860&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Convertible note payable&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;(150
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;(46
149&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;3
246
149&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.375in&gt;Total recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 10pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;3
200

 the purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair&#13;values as determined by Company management. As part of the assessment of the fair value of assets acquired

 2014 and for the year ended December 31

 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and&#13;Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred&#13;to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and&#13;the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the terms of the&#13;Share Transfer
 the Company determined that the goodwill recorded in connection with the Acquisition was impaired; accordingly
&#13;the Company recorded $3
246
149 of goodwill impairment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended&#13;December 31


 2014
 per the terms of a consulting agreement
 the Company agreed to issue options to purchase 1
000
000 shares of&#13;common stock to a third-party consultant at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services to be rendered through&#13;October 2016. The options have not been registered under a formal option plan as of December 31
 2014. The options were formally&#13;issued on February 10
 2015. However
 the Company has considered October 21
 2014 the grant date for accounting purposes because&#13;all of the requirements for establishing a grant date under GAAP were met at October 21
 2014 (a mutual understanding of the options'&#13;key terms and conditions was agreed to
 the third-party consultant began providing the related services
 and the options were&#13;approved by the Company's management which also comprise the Company's board of directors). The options became immediately vested&#13;on October 21
 2014 and are exercisable from February 10
 2015 until February 10




 2014 was $0.12. For the&#13;year ended December&amp;#160;31
 2014
 total stock-based compensation expense was $10
000. At December 31
 2014
 the total compensation&#13;cost related to stock options not yet recognized was $110
000
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period&#13;of approximately 1.83 years. This unrecognized compensation cost is included in prepaid expenses and other long-term assets in&#13;the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31



000


000


 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&amp;#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment to the customer. Postage and handling&#13;charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally&#13;FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location.&#13;For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&amp;#146;s shipment to the customer. The customer&#13;has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations



 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment&#13;whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication&#13;of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected&#13;to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount&#13;of the asset


000
000) to effect reverse acquisition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-indent: -0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fair value of total consideration transferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.45pt; text-indent: -8.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.45pt; text-indent: -8.45pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;155
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(37
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.2in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22.3pt; text-indent: -22.3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(46
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt; text-indent: 13.15pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
246
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-indent: -0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
200


318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;260
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;41
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;377
020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59


585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;38
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22



378
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes after credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(266
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permanent tax differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
497
622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1



927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;152
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.55pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(14
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 12.95pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(138

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;-&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 74%; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options canceled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9.35pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9.35pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
000




000
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock. In addition
 certain of Eurocan's stockholders cancelled&#13;an aggregate of 24
910
000 shares of Eurocan's common stock held by them. As a result
 on October 31
 2014
 Eurocan had 40
000
000&#13;shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 of which 32
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Organization

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



 Organization

	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 31




 $0.0001 par value; 900
000
000 shares authorized; 45
512
500 and 32
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      



 general



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Organization



      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      



 2012 through May 1
 2013
 followed by principal and interest payments through May 1




079 beginning March 1
 2014. During 2014
 this note payable was increased to $50
000 and the unpaid principal balance of $46







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      






      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      





 Value



 Value


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      







      


 Value








      

      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities


      

      

      

      

      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments






 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
165
713
10
976


        
150
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
079
        


        
50
000
        


        
$ 46
853
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 3
000


        
345
000


        
        


        
37
500


Common Stock
 Share Value
$ 15
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 over limit
 and annual fees. This item excludes interest income earned on credit card balances and transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!5!RX0)0(``%
@```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
FD]OVC`8QN^3]ATB7R=B


E6KU(FSPEYVCFN

WTR4


44!03&J0%&J0'&J0)&J0+&J0-&J0/&J
M0!&K0#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K1#&K0C&K0C&K0C&K
M0C&K0C&K0C&K0C&K0C&K0C&K0C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K1C&K
M1C&K1C'K#
6L
Q2SSOZ766.J3(F/G_]^%N.8$YU=B-N6PH7?L^^&GDJNC:?J
M1_2I7+XXP-^S3W4IBWOZM2R7O@0]G./Y:?J]]Z[/J02W-/Y`\M][![TJ=!
MY&-#^Y[[4%^\3TP%^OF!KPIK&BKZBJH#V7S\2\#B#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*
M86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ
0)X3


M(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````O)G-;MLP
M$(3O!?H.`N^US%W*28K(.;0HD&N;/@`ATY816S)$]L=O7\)(I!IH)Q=A+@9$


I/_KMR?OM=M^$SWWS

K
M)$?OR'+T#LD12Y8C%LE11Y:C#LEQ0I;C!


U+!?%7Q3;!M#%ULVDT$LK!+!#(E@UDX$L;`+




MG_]H^0RY5]



])G$/_JF





R)3D*9

/W&&A3D84X
0#.!PZ%-##14(I1MSZ/I`/19

8M&/CD






M



MPI#36LFB`YDQUJ8*:42Q


7Q8M;WC)(-I3)%F`GY9V%WA3V$RP.
MGZV^=@7XKE#!2K)OS`]Y^


^^EA?A5BM1;

MZ=;*I?]P+O-D93O$?&@G


G?1QVD$5P\8Z


7$@!;[SS/MO0)'(W7\VT7C0W-1H8\)G-^HN!I

M#6R#[?][F[\```#__P





7!8?$4J`_SP218


MD


6(;9&J=
M#FJP:/W0LPX/6K^Q@+(=ZGX:#@Y8PMC;L04V3&Y9QNI:.;G8F;X=0`D.H\.5


H?BE7A9X(
67=]X-T)#





M&B^
#5

M0TY
CB

M=!N'B6PAWPO!KNE!IQAH!J$DN1R&$2FP`2+=)PW@-&#J-;A`UX+)Q&/:TS




M?[WK?P```/__`P!02P
&ULC)1O;]HP$,;?3]IWL/R^<1((+5%U8+8
M*JW2-.W/:^


M
J;LQ/:'*[P43NC:AL!CH1KSU/R90`:594`ARXMB/-ZQ(_)?E\A
FL\/WY
M+?A@+JZ1:=3P18OJF^@X-!O&Y`:P4FKCI^5NP7!YIZZ0?P7:.*UW3;VA]J
M^
K%NK$P[0P
.5]Y=5APPZA@(G2S)&8:J$`^$52N,V`AM]_Q]$99L2CR91

MELX*K08$2P



M36;`W)[9B4L




M]WF^QS7B'FUQ`S
E9342\







/LT-9CW&A$/$YH20H0!YG4:PO*_QLM=/4B182I%1D-K6





M@G.RZC@9P-@=H:R-O4A=YP^URA*5655W;4`FDX/$2J:-F;^@2=;-GJ:W8Q/J


M`P!02P

MK`6







E$C&




MT*@


OUI3C'@^

M1;





$%``&``@````A`%S8-+1R`@``J`4`
`)OC<^ZY'ZQN7V2/


M6SZV@])TVX/OEZR@[





\1^[_@
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%K`R4UU





M0`;.]DCS

M@&



#
M^R
@UD`5#HM!-IGC`UC'7C&/UYBTCUB^@YAV$`RZ.G&0\NWB'#A'D$
G+B6#


(&0_(A6_+'B`CZ5\L
M&?Z/


$%``&``@`

(K(W$<2


0GNH*/Z-+@N2Y_X#6.&
RBUQ4&\6(:SOX9



6YKCF
'&








M$
-:+JF)U


UC6!\KMA&


IUEF%2%[\\O
MP7?FXAJ95NT^:5%_$3V'9L


:VRO*X(%MH(3MJ




R5%K(K

MVIA^08AF-6^I#F3/.XA44K74P*/:$-TK3DN7U#8D#L.
M%1TV#




M-\=DM73]^27X3H_ND:[E[I


M4
DKNFW
=[G[S


T

;S

^8L@('ZH`%3'%;RO;


M7#89CH
((]90F?.FS/#/'P\WXRT(4U.:MFP#+\RC6\W'S^LCU(]Z8HQ@XA


?G`%
M^*90S@IRJ




1#Q.Z


V=9G*91%`T!NP%@

_?%F5R4QA]?.C!_CPX+'NM8C'1X3
^!WL;`

**-@#OV@_$SVR-;-]?V
MTL`L=8\5?#H9#(
H`'`AI3DO[*CI/L:;/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A



MX4*?[]Z^YJA9'2I




MXB8N

`@;RF0*

[
$F]V+W7==`7Y(E+&



LX3(
MI!UA]D*+MAL#!Z%A]'1_2WC3,'AV/`?`N1ZOS!/YO#NVOX#``#__P
`4$L#
U10/4IS?*DAS+P4EGM@=<KT'BH@6:HJ`ERF:.+PI%W=DI^M\[


MXS_
];_?F1=37=M%EK^VW


MN7ZI:[')RV`-(/[PRSZ(OOU=_.?-G]Z\Z?_GFV__]8.]_O=/?RQ^]]

M0V1#*IEONU7BH6O8\F]Q(*;ZTW@$T-&X;TUM5G/_CJF_@=D`'
PY_=7.]^


MS)$YD6H9Q\5BW%#AR)3IRAJ%YKO)^[.Y4[ZR




)B3[Q-&._[:?K)Q-B?-344$8T`P
M&TUGET

M;/;0DY#YDYXRF*^RI!HBJ!(&BJ$XD9^)\J@2!(JB2A`HBBI;\Y+85V&!

6/F+?QJZTI!E/0-G
M$\;$Z$^,\?`RGK!)4NW9:V?O%:W+=!_E);@1?5MO./&AGRE)Z)`OOO4PDGX




M/.^-5PW@6UC&3=[&0U_\`26-1J6-M*L[=9]_K3W[NW09!=@,!7L*X7YY\6
M;
S./[]SG0??L]D:F1Z+^3X

0FH(`25U%1Z9&FG2*`(*A`@)?N

WPH0)`*Y5E*595BB%AAYZ6NP`^5+C`A%%7SI`W*
OY
MRAQDBY@R#T::#*(_)827(NZ
P!5'MD(;$.(:3`5*0:`L!1`H$$`I9BU&-0
M-`)3-B@:@BD$;@P^8Y^@;.!&2$48`(^27I'70-NQ#BC&P@$51F2L&&H*D52
M#*IR9!Z*H:H422HRI`T$JI2)

M^

MGRM


I/EYVC%


MY-OB+2M


0L^

M.KW2L%C*U'I'=I=LYQW:%?ES(C71XN=$I0FC&EV6
]I4*7*`UE(*!^-T0H%O
^-8'-FN\1P7FBRB\K*XXC3)R(+3&XJ*X\C!([*

8\C[_NQ
MH.\/
RK/^*$@XV


RS7$

M(/

-*
MO`D::!V+X9


MV(H(P=



9F]OS6'%]/^8GIA


3\VU\F'&#Z[0S3`A@LI4R-ZN^S9R3?_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`



M+




5Z1+8M1














YJS_6<J&<FI9B=NX.W[58I&)4J`CNX


1Y@[&4:]=7&#OL$V:J\CR$?:F-#/7WIWQ
MP

M?CDI!:8B`@5

SQ[^27

M7N))C6;HL/&D7



M3




MQV;2Q#3'_$Y9C*8YS%LY%G$U!BUD79',WW`*GA;E4\4FYPT\75\--FP[B_
\#(VB@_0PQP+Q?D++/S`O`ESE0$GAC1
M)Z1`LNM\MKY`%R!NR^ULC(\RE2G:EDD:KT?Z2_Q[G2\_%0B#4((5&N^
EOF%
MW.9R


M#F1


RDL$C6+N?F

MS=H88'ZA0@1%RIM
1D3Z8*
2V(KKH\E/!G`A*\EDQ33[6:7O_+JDNGLNKVAR

6[]).T#M5B2[6)+Z[SOU'UH
8FRE9;J_EG@Q(T


MAUX*






^S7@#5=VF5N$
T(
MUMB)YUJZPP]J`(+G+?!CRI/WV9OZ+
S9B#MW[FIA*`%$F[8]

MSXAJ9!71--

UG8

QB%+(2*-I

`35ZZN
E7VP?M*!!DCS;^O'X^1$B+<#
M%ZV%N#B`8+-MUK
B^T#



FY


9C18U041MU
E7.:T1N%I$



:'7

0Q8#UDHT+CB@C


F:ZS7M&
M1F@TE5+[VKY%+$/K2AOJE38\-@GQ$2J).


GH[F4XDNZJ

#D%QS&2V0Q6./R[(
\&E43$IB5^O&ISSBB26


9SM-*
]&]
HL@]0E7198L_
SJX=[C+R)5I:EJSF9

]\90STZ_*YW';U=GX6)7AO;V#!_D%LX3JJFF<T^8CWVH[!4
M6ZWJ.U60K2%%/KHR:



HG8R9&X*D97=J`=

)3+^Q@H]V$'UT8N#.%3Y+7`WH?L/

M9URL%_^:







MP+2ED%51`&B8%5^
:*$*SM1!(8B*

4IIGI'F8$

MII5/HHUM`KA.S$O`I'1)RENYQ=`LWHP

M?ZL;;
0)8SKH^R[%.0/_P8.I=R+1M+MO?*3[BX1$U@PJ]NG''L9VI0X%G9%E
M01&HT5A'PL(:0CI3F^PRY[E%:$G#HJK+5I51;5^^.R9YLH3
6!7P(.4YMNH2
M?



V4%
M!MU`]&!0B#4N@
1D=LE5^F42SN-5TE!ZVKH##&[3U*3-\;NK\=J/@=KCP'68

MY5CR3-VK
?5NC`H/7MK%2**E4K#QGR&WHZ
(9(C)4\6F6P&78A!G++6K:$

&H;7M%#2

ML)

M8A9$S=Y\8C@F%
H_PN




ZG0LNL=+;Y8=

HX4N





M

'_%8P;6Q!F*A

MBCO=\;'NP!1U#[[@L4-?X$%_Q\O*G


M6U?7)F
%E+$(I]6#



2;$S^?\)W3D
M:R?



M073;1'\642Q+
]7AEWI&O=



MB0F


LX0)&1C[PJS?)



.)T\-2?</MA\_W6OH`G)\O2;OR`;HK&(S


M_KYAWX_NM.\:W
5TK6QS0%P%+VKO_O[VWN.G5'MI`+7OQ;S3X:N`$KCA)4?+
SRR^KD&)=5BMC75]\O#0##/<
M0L@2@@GI(\K2/[3:;-_?S@Y/G][.#C4L&]!R]+CFA^B`RK
\V&NR6V15N(
T





K@;W]HP-E#.M?^&RR

5KNV)JVYGDVN$J\8TY<<VM6\!

RM@Q;-)N
JQ*W(%=8CJ1
?8T5&O;Z7EM9T\TO@@7*&V

MALM!_+J&CIN_=?#HT?:C)T?M%5Y8WR


M:*Z
XJ0VE442EDPF].6@@^3U8.\0+`I;4G&.L0TO'SSM:-PWM
]8@E]V2)
0

ZZV-O;32PC
JP)9H+&5JJZY8

M21Q3-]Q;:WU@@+%':4*



M

MQVKK86

M56
8829Y;.HC];E6ZFGP1@6J[T\`NX35/`U+UZ=+8O)M!%WLV.S@S-)-9%?5
MR5=A35K5X*K:3\3&%WY4QAXX'@`

M9320(?Z

MMU4W'`6_M^OK]EO$H(:BM^Q@59@+A\&)]]!CWC[7X2'MH6D*-_BC[B8TF
3B

!+)QJFIQUK?375MRG]0=_7OD9W^&4];?/_AQE
K+30
V^

MIY\#([:'').3Q#ZT?S8A+&


8YJ!@/TLEL
\
P\[*87@FO0Z]]JF[GR'!$7QSM&:6J#IC1-+


K+:0;214D-^^



M^?G!!0PJ%AV=M(-ZH&B'PQ!IN!#D:8WZY7
[
]LD_G21R^G=P)[&6Q@V<;UK7XO^J3S)RLCEC$[=/QE^?]Q1;P(FP.M=
M8MK`QD-(DNMPA

M_[?_W5;_KSH*3O





J@F$K=F-_N01L:*\Q%=\
3LI@!-2'V60

'/JAW&'20)6A-/`@-

3*9CJ!/


M)`?6@YSZ^A\37A2@XIW7@=\V#L`$FY(R^QT.FJ.%ZP!(TDK#J4^
\V
A[G!4
MZK





S$)K[1G
MOZVY:&BYNC'(NV/:\]ZM`CXTNSCWOVM<E.](6RE:U^:P5$:1^%%JO7PLX)3







MB#
^!1/&=(8T-]=:

QK[F

7I69S/9;FWOU


M842_4
H9T`J!N+?]:!F-FL.(%D9'PYL


=O7$8

I%AL;9S!!'W9?;
MOK^?'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%!^^FS?`@``@D``!@```!X;]W





N;7$*%]K(\5?+TJV5MZDMS7I`_VVO1?U;M,D
M'?[?A7@B%^`#-70V57*#H&I@3-U26X/)!)QM9'W(S_'((3;Y]YV<EU!K6$Z


^I

O]@9.LV

$%``&``@`
M```A`$MO/WCV!```6Q




0.1-IM]B7
0

M]`+]6Q;75OG?:D_\^EM3[O\HZP+4ACR)##QR_B2@/_;B%KSL3-Y^Z#/P9V/M
MBT/V?.[^XM??B_)XZB#=/LQ(3&R]?[LOVAP4A3`KYHM(.3\#`?AM5:4H#5`D

MC`UA41&$A$C
C8AG
$]50.#2

U$L%






M##HU8;SSJ:%-:]1



%S&U

M19KU_D:MD]$L@.SC




54&2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q
J29_=$L5Z%

7R%O6N0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/
M*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


M56#.M!FC=4W@K
S6KZ1$0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ
)A;







M

MWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'


M+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[M;!C:SNVTM3@V9
ID.3[!C'&.^E!4_9O'1?7#T

$%``&``@````A


VA.*S])
M=F24IA


CM!Q?T4CMC*IM`G0D+WT?$-N


US4!=V8S8#XZSJB

+










M6[#-;$MNI=SZ&X=IDK?3I
=IK/

@/N$7YNS\LEKP
.UHD-9CQBYM'
&O?W[4SO%Q

!D(\!BH_D%O]L-P5`3[&1B\9A\/
MFPT::I@.-'C






M?8'8/CXYY]Q[

3*6M@5M5
MS


MY$@52-(CR0C4'\_3*+T?)^/;_[.0H
@;?*26SF=:[1`T#;S3=-2U8#(%YMY9


E+JWLW3[H%;E+4/$3

*PM3XQ]K^$AR*'L<`;A4RO8+UU3#9W?^
M%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`/

M:&5E='




M6WOP3&RKMU^-K+[+'C!L;)-OP%KK1P]]J/PK7


A#^/]ZVL7%O2Z3R9


M4['#W`8
7B

SY'QX)(B




:


M$46!I./D[[L4;?E(D#HODBD-9W9F5_3BZDDUY!&

MOBFU4=SATE3


-=UB_


*2`DJ\;]U-OOH*L:H?=
M'J

O





M?O5=G`]*;




M9:OS

F9ODJX\B-/6GRVGBU4X(R#W]I2+YQ)3^EY^X8+5


@81TRDYF-`I1D`C8@-B%X]'E`ZNP7HK+*8*/<?;#ER
M+49K!D!U%T1L0)CI'8HMM=BY-H


MSBYX%B'0AW5AZO^U*,OP#'EG!WI[UE[+!ON5;2`6\/IA9B*P\Z\H]@Y^YE




[N31O24+OOLJ6/:=





#4RFT6'J!S[KMCYYS6CP4!3/
MYZ/L#,;XB\/0C=Z8X/E'A#5X*!R,LS40HWOEQP$^``8)8ZCCZ1FWZ)'R87$:
MGSM,)XVQ[QX00VG=3R:;C4WW.5Y/@3\RN\-TTM[L+;.Q;C'3E4U#&BB/%W++
MF*!]TN';*QE_J&NUZ*'AGGLB;OI6)QY$.#A4X=#Q42.[O*;PF0X6GUAN0$;;
M]RZ)G^EA`;Q[)XC3)N:YXR:F-VQ8$)?ZJ#D`F/VQHF)#O]RE%;*MWISQ]`5



YK5;^6


Z7F9-O:;V/

M`P04``8`````$`]WR\`!



.KL


A+E/*RC




E51



9%2AT7K@=19-

MI='ZO;`:%ET.UI19EM.G*%6=XAXB/B(!(B$B$2(Q(@D8R(E@O[`XFR:#E1


C2S%E.YF=\%6:UYSMR=

MNR%*Y.IAY`NT:USG?E,MC00`:3?-$*,(HQB@7ZFG(B`5EFVB)V+\-GPP?EG
M\=,5[(G@&V'E.)3IMANB!(-O0ZY[6^N=GK[`O%BL^=S6UG%`ZP38A0)G4$Z

M






7EI?+&FR_AA`J9
M*SR:+^&



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````









MSZXW$O$)$`D1B1)$4D021')5*+Y#J?2`[X3:]UW3I0D(Q(@$B(2(1(CDB2
M(I*I1'.4]+KX;!J3_J8[5







M;(G0N3M;*JS8;(/[I3J;'F'8&.]&^'-]^UXOHQXX1

M*
0HPBC&*

]HWW9.;R56


)`CT@+\O'^LD=#\X[T%K
6^(UJ8YQJ\L:*=E&P7
M`X'@=.W'X1U.6


M/+#[]\9/_P(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
'YG&/^`@``&0@``!D```!X





MQ'8I91LA)-*2U%@XK4-O,D9K[&$1UX@T7*
QU45\AWW1#5F#:V08CX+1@L



MK]S*2([/E?S&+A\)+4H)U5Y0BJO*'M)B$A!4(!Q_*52ED%!.#7JJGJ#!`$





M''L/524%FXP

W0%'&\4M7/2
ZIK



M0.FY_R'LO@QH(#-W.*?
&\H(VP*I)#*JX6GIO=;AXD:T%5V
]
PD[6?TOX
M!!




;J=_?Q(?EM-)VQ6G;7&H

*IO9WNN^Z\]KQVLR^/13NKS^4)[NSJ



Y3CKHQK[R5!Y;N;K851(!IGS3E[G9Z'ZQ%

ML@)7;269Q0L_DD8N*$:D%=2G,\6@;^*%O#PWISTH
KZ86KBPI@3L8)5ZT`


(^A[Z_W&(6AZ^!RH6E(:#6XK)#0


![&%PWCV]@Z6AKCS&N()CZV$#U)]


M0U\H!L
W#KM2#I1KJ96*9+Y:).$P

MJ*'\L`F

Y/[!DDZ*7T]ID1%

M


M;O9\/B0X3.Q1)NBEALHX4.Y*08QSV&F?X/G4IKOAHRF-6%
A?*74@PB+OY





^8@-22\5]103E(P8VI(


I?O6V

J#


-<*;Q]U-#ZN#T(<HA)-0



MPG/@#67$6H0GNV//@2/?^]$XT;$Q2Y847E,RXC\_7Q]#R49

M965T




:T
M-

ZHY&/
MH


]49DM15@9)9BA(@030(5
M[%40JB!20:R1`6'$9

AYD


OMT0-'C'I5SZ:A`;4+TP

9LW










3\U6DF5'[(&[*_W



JWRV#^V@ADTDPO+M5


\N3_^)0


M9



MTNN-16%E;!O?E482FR1KAJ0
$0R1+D+L@U-YO7TH3.W32.)XCB$I0P1#I(L0

$2Z*&#DX13$_G
M+@I3DS7BNILA*4
$0Z2+$/O`&=?;A\+4/HVX]C$D98A@B'018E\$/?]Z`Y4T

E`
U=NI6R-:B-96JMV8&BB9



S\\R/)ZHG]2F:S%N
M],J!AKPXS?PX&2DW3@P2^2!5*V4)!`E@1W/(?&&Y;H_@D_:@[Z*-$3.5.+-

MV6G$(&&@)%8THO$XG+#X.ZB3+!+7L]$]U31$


]#@D+N?0\7;)?ZC5Z.#
XT=./UK:&7]6J8U3B


D_E[\U8/%82AAF#TL`SC

M`0.;)7'HSXEFH\










U0-$I6_T]9?&O


$%``&``@````A`)!G!1F=





MO7E\.F*]2QR2/[*K^Q]N?5A!4DQS
2G]3*O=

M/MT



M)+(X4XGZY,;LG%%[@)2B5`9XC1GUWU^6R?S)\=$/RCI$M6LNZ2(F6G$:(S
MZT/')S.=@$B%UQGB-$*?[2]ZB3&4.!][&H.?A4D%!$N@-%ITI=`64Y?4::01





#;I%JQYOO`9'9Q








MAQQ!1*!([-D7T7QQ3M_=S
2G?82XBM*^6[(ZP0ABOKVLN\BM.T+B.W4..8*8
M@&'=9]QN*W+CCAKE3;=DB5J_=2XBU[&W60G*Y@;=\P2`1U!K%9BW+Z\SKO%
M5.2F'B$6+&VZ)4L$W
UA\!\





6
65YPT

18G72WBEF@:
J

EB

M02R*8=/G&5&5VW2$J(IF:4
D62)8F



M7/EWV1GO0RZR4X6*KBQ%B6#7!R8G]NSQ*#/_B;;3)1PQ;


MQ)QZ^?




MU




L81S

P[)D-8YN\A$4OVVYN@B?M1X?Q*9AVUBI-R?-3ZQY?]O+N



M8U
?:S:;YK&BVZ6=QA;EE;\6&#
N*D2:H\G&S!!I'OUED3DBS=.(++)`9&%]
M#DY(SZZYA*:CYI@/3:K!;H[YTH:D06F0U-F12`MNB4K`F'1QE@1R(IFPHC,
M,0;?3:T(QN`;HA7!0N![FA7!.N`+E!7!.N#;BQ7!.N`[A!&980QN95D1C,$-
M)2LK7'/QXI`:]Q3
2)S:(V[%U8$6N.V@A&980SN5EL1C
%M9LK7%_UXI`
M:]QEM2+0&C='K0BTQIU&(U)A#)YI61&
P9
E*P*M\5C'BD!K/%RQ(M`:3SVL




9NRLK;$-PHI`:VQ
ML+0&EL!C

MM#MVTZO9&&.P&]0:`ZW;';79&&B-S9+&F`FTQK9$*P*ML5_0B(PQ!OO0K0C&
M8(.X%8'6V(IM1:!U^_


G^=\G_%#2&C_(<.G?R'W8[8[Q#QS(J/OI
CIW3Q[:








%;&XAOJMXEM(J$&2.QO8[%`92<5XO^\5+YH:<+_


MH(F.#X1`:^+Z`.


TUG

M@^])WIUXR?.^[X:.USNZ+2D9
G&CP(;]7PU[HOP
')

ML.\K$O7S!URE\$+!6')]XH),7U,XW95/\*O9+J0Y/QA@7?W

MK(T3W4


TA[^!GLUVVIZ;
U_U#A_U2

TY3[O@'^[JT[M.=JAF!/ND#=?
M7D\/17TX08B7:E]UW_N@KG
H'C]MCW63O^QAWM^$GQ?GV/V/2?A#531U6V^Z
(3(YYDACV&NUZ8*<]1!WNLH*Q?*'6;10GZ^
M/B?QT_(K2%H82#J%(K(S@B=6`W4(2)VQ0OBWYFHL&:B4ZII;B!8@]4)-L



MFZQ;&P

R0

TU2@S&:

DAG(+
=@5C^O(TGT;KHZ

M6:E[NH'/9ISXZW4@



-SBT@5
M@NQ



(LF:PVW]^%JVA(2UI=2@T%V/KS!


K=2`\*/Q19KG%XMQVU]
MFL2:Q
6/($XE
VVS




`%^$EU;!L
)@PQ65+(V%F



-^R&(6DQ+R1&X--.#)0Y
MO4MGRQ%EBWG(ST\)6WOTG]A:;S\967R1+6RL4R^`NM7[STJ?!;^#)[\_9C
M*
!70PHH^;IQW_3V
\BJ=ECM
0;DXYH5KP]@!284
4DV]B2A&S2`3Z*D[PQ






M8$.:9E;[

MW^




M]B?ST6PQGH00[CU1+AYSI/2]]




)I4!?PN)%6'20/J
S:7B.AJ@-W'Z0=M#F7;9`C&P3:
MLF^;B
%2K
G-3B/JP&

([!VY^MD
MW'J@7&R#S'Z(C3A:%Z[6VSYALM'(Y9/`X38B+,VOD)[_2.:1MAFW^L3,KG

8#2G!




2YX;6R455MOFS`4?I^T_V#YO5P3DD8A5:'J

6


\:^?]U=+C)0F34YJT=`8OU*%;S:?/ZWW0CZIBE*-@*%1
:ZT

XC`I!U)6L3XUE^E
M2^QNUEU^?C.Z5X-OIJQ_R)9_HTU%)(-93(%V`KQ9*`/N=FP^[)Z?NN`-\E


@_4%F2X$`2@OJ#/7Y=R?



MW`H-
[C[K.#)I3!$/`?`A1#ZN#`CJG_$-W\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````



M

W6@);TZL

&

M]-W^





]MR9[RV6(8')[HV$
M.=IIX2E&^K/%TIU_-
X7X^`IZ0:3!@*==D)XBH$DG!'?#3X@&HAQ\)02R9UQ

MR$!B`TE41&

U3^=
=


M6


:1





MB].9\RZJ






O%^LX4M^

M965T


'A6T)B<L$YZPD:_N-/MQ\_[=ZL+X262$2`L82K&V









MIR^K0?HNS08NM4&M2UU$*]4WAG[5%80?R9[DN;!B=E:WP1*ZM$7;BVKKJ^D:

$7



?2_0?S#\
MOG'LV

FOA9WURFFM-

MQUR9U8]/UR\Y+:]@XJ&X%.U;9]2VRGSU[531.GNX`.]7U\]R:;O[89@OB[RF



#B0TD
9!419#'

M$#_83.5W.R)


N7(DA$ZF
M^*/E6

3;S*!7Y=I(Q84R
(SB(X13[
?8Q?KS_0J7NBYS+(0B,
MDNOA3$O`04HJQ@(*H+OT5]*L(U+*YS$-IEIJI\@R9LP:[0W&W^GUO8C?-B'



\9KG





M!]N@?\C?_@L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&RE7'`\!```'0X``!D```!X


MF04




&0;ZL0K\$+(


YC-D;OTYX_]





M38==&






BDJ
F
B
M\
I$S.%R/I]9RP6(O%

I!$9@
MK?`7\N+_\)?($'^Y,VL.[H9/-#-Y!_BZFK`T\'O@X'80ZV.D@TD&L@T0'
MJ004
V&H*&;V3W(\)TDT3&=23DZ6EFK2FL;`8.0N;1!Q$=DBXB'B(Q(@$B*R


M(CXB`2(A(CM$(D1B1!)$4IDHAL'_0G#2+1J&6+;F_4+14;1%Q&8&86B3E9
MVFKV;D40[PL/?F(!**4)&UK$W`H@KCT#@E%B,2BE2MUSH105PZE844IV%3
M\0FG2;3J-6RTXBXCA.V]H\L15!O

C(1&X8M(AXJY2
2B%*R)=J..11!




1N/M5ECAZ4BC&(N]6X3$Q:E-5&K?'J7
M[V^BVMOD*,OGIO?ZUN/YNJY#%%3T3T(JF;OM;DQ@$RP%J(CMPPI(PB&B6A

M.4G;5&S(#0T8K(P4A+8L:GX_FGNXH(]1@%&(M78X*L(HQBC!6JD2I;I)#C:R



A


.A#U\X<`!IH<OG;O/H'MP
`@CYE!5+?]`'B!^G'K\!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8````

MZ\9M]V*5?!R..#^'Y(A9?OY:GXTO9=M5S65E.A/;-


I5^:WLC


M?SE#W%^=:5YPW\




`X#_







MY(E`)&*.Z$3
1=K0\8_V(DCO1[E%:H@'8AK
AZ`DWS

M3(A1A%&
48)1BE&&T4Y!RF0[I


M

RY_3CC9RT

M&SN\!\?&L$%M2*&E;8T

N16XI2*
(HY$AT3C%*.(&&E'-3JN4Q8

(H;F
-S1


/_]0M*N8V(B$3C%*

H9F]`BW)U/5\4[IHHI$JJP'
M1*)%F2(2J^
@B\;$\#R]('18-2=648A1Q-#]*8]QQP2C%*/L0^YW2D=5+%++

TLVNP8$D5&Q*WH]Y9S
?@Z*:]Y\-5K;?

=\XMK^!H''+%EI($7ZKQ?6W-Z.&BM(/;K:$



MFI[_`H.RQC\$K;\#``#__P






MU_=[J[$Q)'_0JVK:AT918\-(_J!-1TV==;G7IK*=-NGC0U6^3Z`^P(W6MY14
M&\TB(BR).W?[M/Y95D








M+SU7=D
4&WF;HB6T[S-2

M9VC19HVNZ^N%JDIE)



M=%5:0^_@33U*6HI@`.X5)!K5/52

MCP(6-
RV$*.(H;OW$M.HE=DFHW0E\C%CL*@;N.[C1/=&]Y)7+_DN/Y_K25:^
MD0\/
X`WQBN[3@?<8(7UFP#Q_A:PNVFY@'AD461_A$:%ADB81/1(8%&ZP1

2RR(L1-7

BZT)\PC

M'^T5+#+AS-@UMH:U'3VQ



M5%P;SE9FGZ$KT_KYY?HEJ\HK4#P5YZ+]T9'J6IDMX^.EJM.G
\3]W732C'-W
M'Q!]661UU52'=@)T!ETHCGEA+`Q@VJSV!41`9-?J_+#6'\UE8IFZL5EU`OU=

9LMMC%E





EO0D<-)33*`JQUX`9UX)+-`



M/#?O%G

595V'))E42_Y[HIYEMU!2D_ZC4PIC/)A4RVJV3R

!-Q@I#F1J9''`*OY(!OICF%T(^=+`1U(#1[`Q$

M%(1$^JF?LQV)?/(9!$=$G&++4:3UA%4?'H?$$R?0[3SN8ZE=/`&^`=@I_/


P2
PWN/QV[#%)XMO`\979


M;T!`;3A(\


RYX;6RL

T0)T$#.`)F

MW9G=WH3DR_)OUN_E!5Y]?:DK[1FW74F:M8X
2]=P4Y!3V5S6^I]_Q%^6NM;U
?5G?2/G97C'L-%)INK5_[_A::9E=<<9UW!KGA!OXY

]E@2-2/-6XZ9E(BZN\


MB

MPKV!VOL_O*$RU)LIJ]T$WLRR)2.FB&E()(.##&(9)#)(99#)X#@#@A&.9
3[




M$W'R-@P%TK##&(0&\Q#R';04A6
N



MIQ7DB;[8!W#3G+(S1^2'T'A@O
13/X36H7(XHVSM=_@.SBY#]Y-T=G8(;Q^J

M+W-H965T







DZ+^'XKVR







5B9V2?Q)LX`\9U*$;:MQ



1`$B`ID`Q(;A.6
M%SK%6%ZNSU=AS6-7Q)H`0$(@$9`82`(D!9(!R6W`A5:V3W`_-F(BM;S!..




:($48HH0Y0SQ%/43Z3X



()^=$C
J56[#HI9.\?

ZL!6ANCE2E4729
MCOJDB1#%B!)$*:(

M



ML=*^8HV
KP11JA%W[]S
9

M+:4:2


=[:DF!V&Y3]$J4XBFFEF[L`_D



6
MKK.DEN;K
&A944OS'L!MH89.[M'(Z'5LQ_4]NCZ]`NQJF5%+




M='

YX;6RL5EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X+P0(4$A51+4K=(F3=
^GATP

=45ZX_FRW<&I'&5@PQNX6#%@7)<$JS4XT;


*W?E`M-FG1.(0*;=8KA([*T7IY'M;M9=
M?GX1?.:#[Q8OZ?D3(_D7TF!(-I1)%N!`Z9

[NQ/NA*\`W9N6X0*=*

\SR469

/$VE2'Q-`D]#\JY#H!W@J1TB)PK#

MF$3^+8^00$FRE2R)#:

S7[C
4+-
VNZF--[;8]Q:R.I(V'0`N
MZ#6B(;__0;1DD:+[XW8]\!:%?Z&PM^A=T@$P4@@%'2J\WH5]]J1Q8L.GR9X?


M?AV2AL9HI!8Z_W:UTKA3VY=DIQ$UY+*-]A
D'2*CLQ?CL^4X!)&\
?0PWCP1

MZ/Q[EB3/6)9&QEE:FD91O6:
3):&B%*J-H6ZZVK
CGB/JXI;&3W)+;-C6H


`W!]S610\?
MVZ/575I4[.F@^FPYT^G
JHNJ
6`L+E-;+?049$-N-%AU6YI



!U

M4MY$-E+!3@6QA(5IK(5)/@`6V&]@%?P?WA`9X@W/:L/!S2Q'




+_8]U12(BY\^(P]ZZI
5M-1(Q
MXLUI&W6FMB?7STY\SSV


M9T!*/2G5O+U%8=TM..(E=364R5NHQY!/TM17U-=)3J*..(23N!HTKG/()*




MN\(=T8TM'WY7_6&-B
+-55Z1I_7N!0+PW\EV0U
#$5G]U'^^;QZ.SW?3HKZJ

OSUDP&%'5`.`\Z_



MU`VD06&(
(74'X-B\KE(O.`&61ARB05@Y5(BP:]_P:U,6Z^)JCNB/30Y
MXKH


MQ




M;&#Y&197^5Z$#OB89@LXT62@,6`2I+(2X`J\@8`_

-




6\Z#


M;B[9OQ5QBW`07ZYR_^990\`8Q/6*KO%Y7HNX



M!XI!7.ZH5D!;1CG5#%2&-3:E!UH6$Q`*8K\A8M`N^&+P$%L$=1BE]EYUC[
M&






!
1ECBKJ

MK
ZSO
QA81S5+.HAF;A7+




L+_/#EC`?U1(T6X0N


%YE@_8
!`0USNJ(\R'CA`*$'NS
MUK+HF:M?KPO!ZCS+RS3N
32217Z[#I,!P'%SMQ!?G%V,:08Q.-$13L0H%M]
MJ8^,GWB`1(^)I!@#S?4Q`M-%+2N`E(?

I?6(4\#-HZ


XQX#93E;


^^T_<ZV76.KT\&W'Y-M

M2%B01WQHE%
N(DL!B_[:(K*4[N

M9^&%!4488_2;GLBR@$6WRLAR`XMN+M*RN


JG:]-36N@]\TB3&P
M*#R!2%EP'3P'2%EP'?P&3UDP#_!+.&7!/
#/T)2EAB4YJVK
@Z3JIJJ6#9[:
M);S!HO``-&7!=?`8

^
4F
P#_!`+F7!/

M&]Q/


@47AX&W*@NO@^&O*@NLDO34Y9@C.






M1(0K=.())_`43MSYC/CSD/NX



/'46:#Q3!DIP.I#F02H'`[-

MR


X`V6^I5Y]J#:8`WB#E0:B+B@HD0CT#(#C7QW#'HG$
AN

M

MY:T*].'/





&+XOPI1.[RD?6P25/O\$\


M
PMM=5'2LD3-

URC.$CB
V!J)R(:D5)
2/OA




M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


9ES

MY-O11=32AHJ
YE)`+UJ#CJ[2SY^2D9(E*








M[K;QAKWW+HE?_U6D?P$``/__`P!02P


M(&1'$T@F2R:(_MYX\=)0-%2WGMXYP8NJQ
(&M\.(0.S+'/EI\'Z[;@X(TAS/
/$K-KG6L3R5+)3=+




M='

RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`7AQ+SG0#``#1@``&0``

Y+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0!-L#VJ`(``#0'```9`````````````````/TB``!X;]W




S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!:
MP

M````$`=


M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(06&`@&I0P``(%Y```-````````````````
M`*(\``!X;]S='EL97
&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`%!^^FS?`@``@D``!@`````````````````PH0``'AL+W=O



M```9`````````````````




2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`V.\


M='


M`!0`!@`(````(0#2J3]C7P0``%P/```8`````````````````ZE``!X;]W


R+GAM





M970Q
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(0#!^9QC_@(``!D(```9`````````````````)J^``!X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T










M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'5[H#`W`P``:`D``!D`````````````````HP`!



M=#(V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!LI5QP/`0``!T.```9````````````






M965T

.!&H4X`P``8`D``!D`````````


YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`




M`BT`%``&``@````A`*%S(IF#!0``:Q0``!D`````````````````94\!`'AL






 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfTroubledDebtRestructuringNoteDebtorTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AirlineDestinationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_esdi_DeferredTaxStockbasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_esdi_DeferredLiabiltyDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableInterestBearingCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDemandNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesAndLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesEmployeeStockPurchasePlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: bold 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
M,S9B,3)F86(B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



M8C%F
S9B







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

M









M3F%M93XT7TEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



T0B5V]R
#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T



O4VAE970Q-2YH





O4VAE970Q



M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^,3)?4W1O8VM87-E9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\




M965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^-5]0






MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^.%]);F-O;65?








O4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
#I.86UE/C%?1&5S8W)I<'1I




T0B5V]R



M(#QX.DYA;64^

T0B5V]R:W-H965T






M=#

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



W



O4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970S.2YH


#I.86UE










T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

;W-S7TEN8V]M95]P97)?0V]M



M






M;64^
3)?4W1O8VM87-E9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?1&5T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@



O4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

M+U-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




^
M#0H@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO



M.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B

M;G1E;G0]



T0Q/CPO=&@^

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

M86QI9VX]





]
T1R


#`P


]

]
M



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$
M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@
S$L#0H)


]



]

]
T1P


]



T1T;W`^5')A9&EN


]




]
'0^4VUA


]


]

]
M




T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@









M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F
M8E\R8C%F,S9B,3)F86(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO

F(Q9C

M='
O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/C8S+#$W

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
W-RPP



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M;7`^


34R+#`Q



]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S








#8L-C

3



BPV



]
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@L

M1&YU;7`^
34L





T1T;W`^
M0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

]
M

]
T1P


RPR-S$\

M


]


]



]

]
M






]

]
T1P




Q+`R,#$T
M(&%N9`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S



#`P
2!P
M87(@=F%L=64[(#DP

BPP
#`L

M86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-34Q/'-P

RPR
M




]



]

]
T1N=6UP


]




M8C%F
S9B






S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M
3`P+#`P



]







]


]
T1R

M1&YU;7`^.3`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C0U+#4Q
BPU
M


BPP
#`L



S(L
#`P+#`P
M



]

M96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








3
X+#@Y

]







X+#
S

]


V-BPS-#$\



]



RPW



]




2PU
#`\





T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS





]




]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N
M8V4L('9A;'5E(&%T($1E8RX@,S$L(#(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPR






S$L(#(P
M

#`\




M/D-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


]



M=&EO;G

]
T1T


]
T1N=6T^*#0L


]

]


]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG
M(&)A;&%N8V4L(&%M;W5N=!A=!$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]


3`S+#$U.#QS

]

N(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-







]






]

]
T1T97AT

]















M+#(P

]


3(P+#`P


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R


]





]
M
T1N=6UP/C4U

]



T1T;W`^3F5T


]




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU.#(L


S$L(#(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B
3)F86(O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M9VX]

M=&EV:71I97

]
T1T

]


]



I(&EN8V]M92!T;R!N970@

M97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


BPR


]
T1T97AT

]







T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97






]

30S



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V-2PW
3


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q
M+#(R


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L


BPR











]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!R96-E:79E


]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

M(&EN=F5S=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@S-RPU



]

]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



M



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
2PR.3`I/'-P













]






]


]


]
M





CQS

]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
C`P+#`P










]





]
T1T97AT/B9N







]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

M8E\R8C%F
S9B



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




]


]
T1T97AT


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





L($]R9V%N:7IA
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;7!A;GD@8F5G86X@:6X@



M:65S(&EN($]R96=O;BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7


M97


T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@

M($Q
0R`H=&AE($Q




@;V8@175R;V-A;B=S(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RX@



@=V5R92!H






M=&EO;F%L#0ID:7-C=7-S:6]N(&]F('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BX\+W`^#0H-


'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C






M8V%N)W
@;F%M92!W87





#$T
M+B!-5U=$)W


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30N($5A

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

'!T(#`@
M
'!T(#(W+C

M

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@;VX@82!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%S:7



3$

@9G)O;2!*86YU87)Y
M(#$L(#(P
3

2P@

2P@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@





M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN(#(P

M;&EO;B!O9B!C87-H(&]N(&AA;F0@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30N($UA
M;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97




M9&ET:6]N86P@8V%P:71A;P@87,@;F5E9&5D+!O;B!B96YE9FEC:6%L('1E













]




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


'!T)SX\


'!T
M(#`@
'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`M


T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]I/CPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T







@3F5W



C=P=#L@=&5X



'!T(#`@



@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:69Y)SX\8CX\:3XF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M;65N='

@;6%N86=E



@
M86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T
M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@9'5R:6YG('1H92!R97!O

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CXF(S$V
#L\



C=P=#L@=&5X

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@








M:7


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




0T
I('-H





@;F\@8V%N
M8V5L;&%T:6]N('!R:79I;&5G97




M=&%T97









@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@;65R8VAA






M;CH@
'!T(#`@
'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`M

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY#;W-T

T0G9F]N=#H@






@

'!T(#`@
M

38P.SPO8CX\

'!T(#`@



'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W





@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\:3XF(S$V


T0G9F]N=#H@



@

@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE('!U

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SX\8CX\:3XF(S$V

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M8V5N=')A=&EO;G



C=P

@;VYG;VEN9R!C


@9'5E(&9R

M86YY(&1O97
-FYO=!R97%U:7)E(&-O;&QA=&5R86PN($%N(&%L;&]W86YC
M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@:7

M('-P96-I9FEC(&ED96YT:69I8V%T:6]N(&]F(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S

M;B!I;G9O:6-E#0ID=64@9&%T97

M86)L97


@869T97(@86X@:6YV


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(#`@















'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

'!T(#`@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M




M92!M96%S=7)E;65N='


2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RP-FUA;F%G96UE;G0@



C=P=#L@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4



M96P@

FEN9R!A
M<W-E=',@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('5N9&5R#0I'04%0)W,@9F%I<B!V86QU
M92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



M97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P)3L@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY,979E;`Q.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@

M

2XT




M='



@



@=&AA

M;CH@
'!T(#`@

38P

M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M(`@(`@:7

M;G

'!T
M(#`@



T0G9F]N=#H@



@=V5R92!M96%S=7)E9!A
M=!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S+B!(



M96EV86)L97




6EN
M9PT*=F%L=64@87!P<F]X:6UA=&5S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64N/]P/@T*#0H\<!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:69Y)SX\8CX\:3XF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M26YV96YT;W)I97



C=P



@8V]S


0T
@
M;VX-F-O;G-I9VYM96YT('5N=&EL(&ET(&ES('-O;&0@=&\@82!T:&ER9!P


@=W)I=&4M9&]W;G
-

M;65N='
N(%-U8V@@=W)I=&4M9&]W;G

M8F%S:7
@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@=&AE(')E;&%T960@:6YV96YT;W)Y


M

T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W






@:7
@






@8W5R

@:6YC=7)R

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:69Y)SX\8CY


'!T(#`@

M/CQB/B8C

'!T(#`@
M




M;7!A:7)M96YT('=H96YE=F5R#0IE=F5N='


@86X@:6YD


@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;CH@
'!T(#`@

38P


C=P=#L@=&5X


@:6UP86ER960N($%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#






M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


&5S#0II

S-#L@9F]R#0IA8V-O=6YT







38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+!T



T0G9F]N=#H@





M86XM;F]T)B


M('1H870@:7
@;6]R90T*=&AA;B`U

M:&%T(&5X8V5E9'






M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S+!N;W(@86YY(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA
M;'1I97


2P@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;GD@9FEL97

M($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@97AA;6EN871I;VYS

@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)W

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M8CXF(S$V


@3F5W(%)O




C`Q


M=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W





T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97
&5S

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)SX\8CXF(S$V

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@=&5X

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W
M+C
6QE/3-$







&-I<V4@=&%X(&QA=W,N/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B

'!T(#`@





T0G9F]N=#H@





S5P



M(')E8V]G;FEZ97
@87







M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@:7

@
M=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@96%C:!A=V%R9!O;B!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!G

@:6YC;'5D


'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C



@





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY296-E


'!T(#`@

M9GDG/B8C


M

M:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M93TS1=M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`M
BXW-6EN.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V
M9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B
3)F86(O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




]







M;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,'!X)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M93H@





M;B!%=7)O8V%N(&]N($]C=&]B97(@
S$L(#(P




'!T(#`G/B8C

#L\+W`^#0H-



M)B


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

Q-C`[

#L\+W1D


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN)SY3:&%R97
@
M:7-S=65D(@X+#`P,PP

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M:61T:#H@


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

RPR
M
#`L




XR-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M8FQE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
M




M(S$V


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z(#`N


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
M



M;&5F=#H@
XR-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



M=#H@



'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

M)B


#L\+W1D/@T*


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

M
34U+#`V






M;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G




XR-6EN)SXI/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M.B`Q
'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M



M;3H@




M
XR-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

#PO



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M

M;&5F=#H@


'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N





M
'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL








'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

M)B

PP,#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
3!P=#L@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M:6XG/B8C



M;CH@




@87





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

M
S$L(#(P

@3F5W

T0G9F]N=#H@









M=&EO;B!W87
@:6UP86ER960[(&%C8V]R9&EN9VQY+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

L


S$L(#(P
M

#L\+W`^


'!T(#`G/DU75T0@:7
@86X@;VYL:6YE

M:6YG#0II;B!D:6=I=&%L(&EN=&5R86-T:79E(&UE9&EA+B!-5U=$('5S97
@
2!O=70@:&EG:&QY('1A<F=E=&5D(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG(&%N9!M87)K971I

M5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97










3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@


]






M;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,'!X)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)I97


M:6XG/B8C


M


M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R#0HS

'!T
M(#`@
'!T(#(W+C



M/'1D/B8C

T0R('-T


M/CQB/C(P



M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z




24G
M/B8C









M

7!T)SXF(S$V




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\

W-RPP
C`\+V9O;G0^

M;3H@

6QE/3-$



'!T


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B
M-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B


T0G




M/3-$


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^




M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


Q.CPO9F]N=#X\

'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C


T0G9F]N=#H@






M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S







M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@






M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G

@






M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G

SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

6QE/3-$)V9O



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G9F]N=#H@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!T;W1A;&5D#0HD-2PX.#D@86YD(0R

!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$T(&%N

M;&4]

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
M
68S-F(Q






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M.B`Q
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q.CPO

'!T(#`@

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YG/3-$








M;&4]





#$U+B!086ED(&EN(&9U;&P@9'5R:6YG(#(P

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



2P@


M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M4V5R:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL


P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


2!P<FEN8VEP86P@<&QU

C`R



@3F5W(%)O




M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B


@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$R+C9P=#L@=&5X=UA






T0G9F]N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S$\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



R
M+#
P


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O




M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPS

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=#H@
3(N-G!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

M


M:68G/B8C


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

'!T
M(#`@
'0M:6YD96YT

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


@;VX@;F]T97


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


'!T(#`@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[





'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q


T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

RPU



T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V


@3F5W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T





T0G9F]N=#H@




@








T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@

C8L.#




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B
3)F86(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






@


M








T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
30L

@;V8@82`D
34P
M+#`P








W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q
M



]
T1R



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


2!C;VUP86YY+B!!<R!A(&QI;6ET960@;&EA
M8FEL:71Y(&-O;7!A;GDL(&%L;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&5F9F5C='
@;V8@=&AE
M#0I#;VUP86YY)W

2P@
C`Q
RX\+V9O






@9F]R
M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#



'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/]P/@T*#0H\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M

'!T(#`@
'!T
M(#(W+C
6QE/3-$








@3F5W(%)O

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@


BXY-7!T)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G

BXY-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;64@=&%X97


T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C8V+#8X-#PO9F]N=#X\



M9RUL969T.B`Q
BXY-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

M(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M5&EM97


M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G






3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S








38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






@3F5W

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\






M:68G/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W


M

24G/CQF;VYT



T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


T0G9F]N=#H@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M='1O;3H@


M:68G/B8C

38P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M97

M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC



M;&4]

38P.SPO


7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$R+CDU

@3F5W(%)O;6%N










T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



T0G9F]N=#H@




#@\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]



7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]

M


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N





M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W
M+C



'!T
M(#`@
'!T(#(W+C

M
$8P1C!&)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S$L(#(P
30L('1H

V-BPP
#`L#0IR97-P96-T:79E;'DL('1O(&]F9G-E



M92!I;B`R

'!T
M(#`@
'!T(#(W+C

M
$8P1C!&.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





M9'

M;F%G96UE;G0@:&%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@82!F=6QL('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO
M=V%N8V4@:7


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R
M8C%F,S9B,3)F86(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8T

F(Q9C

O
M4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T0G;6%R9VEN


T0G9F]N=#H@


M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@






'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:68G/B8C

'!T
M(#`@
'!T(#(W+C




'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

T0G9F]N=#H@








M=`T*861J=7-T;65N='


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M




@3F5W(%)O

M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/C(P
M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L







T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







M(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B




T0G









M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:68G/B8C


M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38L


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L(')E

M4V5R:68G/B8C

M
'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C

M5&EM97

'!T(#`@
M
'!T(#(W+C

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^)B

M;CH@

@3F5W








M
X@3F5T(A


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]


I($EN8V]M92!P
M97(@0V]M;6]N(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P








I($EN8V]M



#L\+W`^


'!T(#`@





M(&1I;'5T:79E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97


C`Q



'!T(#`@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R







T1N;W=R87`@








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CXH1&5N;VUI;F%T;W(I/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M

M

M
'!T)SX\8CY.970F(S$V

'!T)SX\8CY);F-O;64F(S$V
#M0

M.B`Q




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

M



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL=71E

24[(&)O



T0G




M.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q



24[('!A

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q





#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


C(N
W!T.R!T97AT

M
'!T)SX\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T



#L\



'!T)SXS
BPP
M
#`L


T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

XP,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
M
S9B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3$N(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@5')A


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#




T1T
M;W`^



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



'!T(#`@


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@






T-2PP

M='D@861V86YC97

M8FQE(&]N(&1E;6%N9X@070@1&5C96UB97(-C




RPP
#`@86YD(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D


M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#`N


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R
M8C%F,S9B,3)F86(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8T

F(Q9C

O
M4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


3(@

S$L(#(P



BX@4W1O



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@
M5&EM97



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@



'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C


@3F5W


M
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8-F-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!T;R!A('1H:7)D+7!A


@=&\@8F4@



C`Q-2X@2&]W

2P@
M



I





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M4V5R:68G/B8C

M
'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C










M=&AE(&5F9F5C=!O9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-CQP



T0G9F]N=#H@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

3@S.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS






M









M

@3F5W(%)O









C1P


'!T(#`G/CQF




M5&EM97






T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

M;&4]


T0G9F]N=#H@




M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8VQU9&5S('-E=F5R86P@87-S=6UP=&EO;G





M960@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1O=&%L(&-O;G-I
M9&5R871I;VX@=')A;G-F97)R960@9F]R('1H92!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@87
@





M:&%R97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M

'!T(#`@
'!T
M(#(W+C
6QE/3-$





S5P=#L@=&5X

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G9F]N=#H@

24G/CQF;VYT


M:61T:#H@

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97

M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TY+C

M5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[

M9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO

'!T(#`@
'!T(#(W+C
U
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z





38P.S
Q+`R,#$T+!T;W1A;!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C
M;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!W87
@)#$P+#`P

@)#$Q
M


S$L(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



2P@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT





@3F5W



Q-C`[4')I

7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M





#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

38P.SPO9F]N


T0G9F]N=#H@


M:68G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M4V5R:68G/B8C

T0G

M9G0Z(#`N




T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V

M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z(#`N





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


M5&EM97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




T0G9F]N=#H@






#LS
2P@
C`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


#`\



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V





#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*



F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B+U=O

O4VAE970R


T0G




M/3-$


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]











T0G9F]N=#H@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


'!T(#`@


CDL(#(P
34L
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%D;W!T960@=&AE(#(P
34@4W1O8VL@26YC96YT:79E


'!T(#`@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[


#L@=&5X







]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]

'!T.R!T



M5&EM97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8CX\:3XF(S$V











T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T($%R:6%L

&EN.R!L



T0G9F]N=#H@





M(&1E=&5R;6EN960@:71S(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S96=M96YT(&]N('1H92!S86UE



@


@87
@;VYE('-E9VUE;G0N(%1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)W





@3F5W



T0G9F]N=#H@

M(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9`T*9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6X@86-C;W)D


M=&5D(&%M;W5N='

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T
M871E;65N='




'!T


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C


M







@;V-C=7)R960[




C=P

M(S$V

'!T(#`@
'!T(#!I;CL@






M=7


N(%-A;&5S
M(&9R;VT@:71E;7

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




&EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




'!T)SX\+W`^/'-P

M;W-T(&]F(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@

M('-P:7)I='




]


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\+W`^#0H-


'!T(#`@


@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M86QI9VX]


T0G
M9F]N=#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@

M97

@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE


'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@






@:61E;G1I9FEC871I;VX@;V8@
M9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@86YD(&%N(&%G:6YG(&]F#0IR96-E:79A8FQE


2P@
C`Q-`T*86YD(#(P
3


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97












#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-@T*

]

]

'!T)SX\

'!T(#`@


M
'!T(#`@
'0M:6YD

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&EA8FEL:71I97
@9F]R('=H:6-H('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]P=&EO;B!I


@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97







&EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:G5D9VUE;G0N(%1H92!T:')E92!L979E;'


@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC



M9RUR:6=H=#H@








M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M='








-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@







T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E







'!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[)B

@3F5W





2P@

M9B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&%B;W5T(&9I;F%N8VEA;`T*:6YS
M=')U;65N='




M960@;&EA8FEL:71I97



S$L#0HR
#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T

30V.W
@;F]T97





T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@

\+V(^

T0G9F]N=#H@







M;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&5S=&EM871E9!F;W)E8V%S=!O9B!P



M
C`Q

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\+W`^


'!T(#`@



M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;2!T:&4@86-C;W5N='


M8V]S='



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUL

]
T1T97AT/CQP

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\

'!T(#`@


'!T(#`@
M
'0M:6YD96YT.B`P

T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M96YT+!A=!A;6]R=&EZ960@8V]S=X@36%N86=E;65N=!R979I97=S(&QO





@86X@:6YD:6-A=&EO;@T*;V8@:6UP




M:6UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S('=O=6QD(&)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=&\@=W)I=&4@
M9&]W;B!T:&4@87-S970@=&\@:71S(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E+CPO


T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@







M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M:7-I=&EO;B!W87
@9G5L;'D@:6UP86ER960@*'-E92!N;W1E(#
I+CPO9F]N




M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


@:7

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!R96-O9VYI










@=&\@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


'!T(#`@









M960-FEN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97
@=&AA=!W;W5L9!B92!P87EA



M:69I960@87


L(&%C

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


T0G9F]N=#H@






]


@



@

M;'D@)#
P
RPP


2P@



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T




T0G9F]N=#H@
M


&EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T


M
'!T(#`@
&-I
M<V4@5&%X97,\+V(^/]P/@T*#0H\<!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+3(W+C


#`E)SX-




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG

M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7

M:!T:&4@5%1(')E9W5L871I;VYS('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&5S(&UA:VEN9R!T

N(%1H92!#


M='






T1T;W`^



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O





M(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@:7-S





@=&AE('9E


@=F%L=6%T

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N




@;6%R:V5T(&%D



]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

T0G;6%R9VEN


W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
M
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

]




M871I;VXL($-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX@86YD(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA

]

M;&EA8FEL:71I97

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







@86-Q=6ER960@86YD(&QI

@3F5W

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M
CXF(S$V



M:#H@



RPR
#`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=#H@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO
F4Z(#$P<'0G/C
L
C`P+#`P


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M/B8C


M/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9G0Z(#`N



T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC


M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[







P
CPO9F]N=#X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L



M


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B

7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
M



38P

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\



M
C(N

'!T)SY4;W1A;!I9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@;F5T(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C





RXQ-7!T)SX\

M/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

'!T)SXS+#(T





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO
F4Z(#$P<'0G/C
L
C`P+#`P

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P


M87)T7S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q
F9A8@T*0V]N





]

M

M97

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97









38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q)3L@=&5X

3$V+#







Q-C`[


M:60G/B8C


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V






M)B

M.B`Q


F4Z(#$P<'0G/C,W-RPP,C`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V




T0G

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A
3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U
M-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F,S9B,3)F86(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ

F(Q9C
V8C$R


M;G0]

2!R


]
M


T1T



]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-

M('=I9'1H.B`Q



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O








M='5R92!A;F0@9FEX='5R97

M:61T:#H@


3$E.R!T97AT

'!T

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXU+#0X-SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T)SXU+#0X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


M

T0G

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\

7!T)SXF(S$V





M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M93H@







Q-C`[


F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
M
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q

C4N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]

]



]

T0G






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@



38P.SPO




M+C`P)2X@5&AE(&YO=&4@:7


@9G)O;2!-87D@
2P@
C`Q

6UE;G1S('1H<F]U9V@@36%Y(#$L(#(P,34N(%!A:60@:6X@9G5L;!D=7)I


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXM/]F;VYT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR+#,P,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




@:6YC


M;&%N8V4@;V8@)#0V+#@U
R!W87

M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXS,PP
M
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M93H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

'!T)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




M



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

'!T)SXS
BPS


7!T.R!P861D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED)SXF(S$V

7!T)SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





'!T)SXR

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO



'!T)SXS
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T


M(S$V





@


M8V5M8F5R(#


M

M)SXF(S$V



M
'!T)SXR





RPU-C`\

MB`@(`\=&0^)B






M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[





T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXR
M,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


M.B`Q
'!T)SXR
#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M/C4L
#`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^


C




M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L

M85\T8C8S7SDS9F)?
F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q
F9A



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$4Q1CX-B`@(`@

]














M97(@
S$L(#(P




M



M;&4]



M;&4]



M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO




BXY-7!T)SX\



M





BXY-7!T)SX\9F]N

38P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

'!T)SXQ







'!T)SY4


38P

3!P


'!T)SXQ+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\

T0G








@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



T0G9F]N=#H@





M971S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SXF(S$V

\

24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXT+#`V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G







M)SXF(S$V



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXH,30L-#`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M+6)O='1O;3H@


M8FEL:71I97




M

M:7IE.B`Q




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

F4Z(#$P<'0G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE



F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




]

]



'!T(#`@
'!T
M(#(W+C

$8P1C!&

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M(S$V

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXR-30L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M


'!T)SXR
#$Y/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY4:&5R96%F=&5R/]F







M:7IE.B`Q



M='1O;3H@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B
3)F86(O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



]



M

]
T1R

]



'!T(#`@
M



M:6X@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M
38P.RA





T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CY796EG:'1E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N

'!T)SX\
M8CY3:&%R97
F(S$V








M
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CY3:&%R93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-









30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V

'!T)SY87-I8R!A;F0@9&EL=71E9!N


M(S$V







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

S
L



M;3H@8FQA8VL@





M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#(R+C-P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TR

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SX\8CXR,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M:7IE.B`Q















#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

W-&0Y
M7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q







]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@


]


M9VX]



]


]

@


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#!P=`P(#!P=`R-RXS-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$




M(#DN


M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C








M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+C(Y/]F;VYT/CPO


M

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




'!T


]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G9F]N=#H@









'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C
38P.SPO

38P.V]F)B
Q-C`[3W!T:6]N


M
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@8V]L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\8CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!$96-E

38P.S
Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\:3XM/]I/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S



M93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S0E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N,C5I;CL@=&5X=UA






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXQ+#`P,PP
#`\

24G/B8C
38P.SPO



XT,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M




M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TY+C

M


M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


'!T)SXQ+#`P
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\


#L\+W1D




'!T)SXP+C0P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A
M7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B

P+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13





M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO


]




]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L

BPR





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
34X+#$U


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M+#`X






M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


R+#`P


@8V%N8V5L;&5D#0IA;B!A9V=R96=A=&4@;V8@
M
C0L.3$P+#`P

Q+`R,#$T
M+!%=7)O8V%N(&AA9`T,PP
#`L
#`P#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T

M


]



]


]






F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q








]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P
RPP






]


]


#`E/'-P


M8C%F
S9B





M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^




PP,#`I('1O(&5F9F5C=!R


L
C`P+#`P

]
M





]


@86-Q=6ER960@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


M


M
34U+#`V

]





]



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@



]
T1N=6T^*#$U

M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T



@;V8@:61E

M

M-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q





]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@:6UP86ER;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
#`P+#`P
#QS





]



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M








]

]
T1N=6UP/C(V

]
T1R



F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B
M7S)B
68S-F(Q

S4N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M





2P@


#$S/&)R


]


T1T;W`^1G5R;FET=7)E(&%N


]
T1P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#@S



M





F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B
M7S)B
68S-F(Q

S8N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3





M8C8S7SDS9F)?
F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q
F9A8B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4Q24%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]


M=&4@:7

M='
@9G)O;2!-87D@
2P@
C`Q



]



]




2P@


M1&YU;7`^
S`L





]


]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#@S




]
T1N=6T^*#(L
M

]


M9#E?-38V85\T8C8S7SDS9F)?
F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S
M-F(Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5'1D%#

M/3-$


M=&%I;'
@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M



T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO



3D\+W1D




T1T;W`^5&]T86P\


F(Q9C
V8C$R

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@4&%Y86)L92`H1&5T86EL








]





]



]






]

]


]


]

]
T1P





M9F)?
F(Q9C

O4VAE970T




M240P149)04

]


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R
M=&EB;&4@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]

]
T1R;SX-


]






]
M


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@










T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DW+#8R



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU


W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
M
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q






]

T1)1#!%54=!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@









]
T1N=6UP/C$U




]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-PT






W
M-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]



]


M97AT4&%R=%\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R8C%F
S9B
3)F86(-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\


T1T



T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@








W-&0Y7S4V-F%?
M-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q





]

T1)1#!%
TY!0SX-B`@(`@


3(@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


T1T

@17AP:7)E/]T9#X-B`@




]


]








F(Q9C
V8C$R
M9F%B#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V
M-F%?-&(V
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3









RPS-S0L
M

M;7`^
S(L
#`P+#`P

]
T1P


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@






X@3F5T(A


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
3


M96YT871I;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
U\Y
M
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q




^


M1$E$





]
M






T1T;W`^0VAI







F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F-&
W-&0Y7S4V-F%?-&(V
M
U\Y
V9B7S)B
68S-F(Q



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M:RU87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N






]


]







]

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9RP@8F%L86YC92!.=6UB97(@;V8@3W!T:6]N








]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A
M;&%N8V4@3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG+!B86QA;F-E(%=E:6=H




]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/B9N


]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C1C-S1D.5\U-C9A7S1B-C-?.3-F8E\R
M8C%F
S9B

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



BX@4W1O8VLM0F%S960@


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]


M/E=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0M9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T
M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G






M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4&5R:6]D(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(')E;&%T



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



F(Q9C
V8C$R9F%B+U=O

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

3


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P





]



M


]

S4P+#`P
#QS


MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^

B9#E?-38V85\T8C8S7SDS9F)?
F(Q9C

 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardEmployeeStockPurchasePlanValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_esdi_MajorCustomersAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionDescriptionOfAcquiredEntity'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractReceivableDueAfterOneYearWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredIncludingEquityInterestInAcquireeHeldPriorToCombination1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableInterestBearingInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableInterestBearingInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleNotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableToBankNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIndemnificationAgreementsDescription'
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionMonthlyRentalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionMonthlyRentalPayments'

#$T
3(S
2YX

MO;M50
PKK_/8RN:QE9V9D]1)SMR[GZ:$+8)VC.WQ(PG[ZV]WR[(%&#`)$)
P


+V
M_*KQU`\_LG




9_'=L




FGHT?*
MGTUU$YZ3=Z)YY^=L2[Z]S$$](\I26?3^32Z[J,6K%OM[:.M4E#QEWP&8CT







I)A@*
M'H$+_R5]K_4$VNC!]*-Q$#C:C/%O!SP4T4P0*1&HT;-A`'XW
^0ABB@+?;]
MBF^Y\M@/IYEO1I

M`!_++Y@CY


M?+-[T;`W).872@F4'M]4(S-'
\&=PE
'6URZ_+XTF#YW(Z$@C`U@CGR6A'^
M+.;N_\2/%QV+G5S(K-&FV:`_Q6N^Y/G/WJWP+&^)YRK*$K`LI0%^]4W&6#&
M:--@?_7=Q`
]/[J4K@BC9X*;&*6`O14=OHD`0FP0$'6N1&EH_T)-LVBT::B$


KP.K2`.7H
M9S@5DWA:#;0(LY<!79UR$X3=

AX^#+`LHZ]_`#$HZ0!I%F^(499*3)];)I(H2U

/S0-+S5-F


M*`0#I14/X'O(7!'!T#'\+E@



L.PS9#S5%8S&!%Y*ZC+0:JKF


*NF-R'-!
M36#[49RJ!=M.AHE+#QP1A&#7.;X;02/P(2;=_D

%^283.

0P
MHY![]SAF'\2.Q8\^`RT8B0?AL9'@8=1@IP9FV-D5H



Q1E#84B&:$-=!.O[956V3Q4


9.E1N9#OCJI'E'A2E:



M)_HR5GB`:4#`^


B/I9]$9)Z]H#_A:BRB4&97T8XJ=@BP









MN?]00QQI5ZP/


4]1SD5[
MPY@:9VDPK-?+L-(E@B4F0A_#


^8D;(+ZH]7H4(I9C:;R*`;
=!\3RQ/27#
0A`PZ=`8B?-#@?:
B

![=A=R+N`K$=J;M6:;M
+-I=L5)1E[@$JE?@Y#YQJ1QR?$EUHA\?WH#`%
MIJTYH.`(H
M$S0!B
32%.WD+B(:D*CXW<<B



VM?T&Y:QV0$P:YSY1O



M_:

T$W





PX.LU-[X








]W..-`&FEF`&593B





M=4*D9@$\3Q49;P7.P7*G1


0KG<UUR&[EC=P^9AT[S$
MT@Q-/RV`;^





G


Y.(.V96]-
M0QD[[_
350-:(0//BL6R/'1K;+E;$UC*D;!F\!U@*(*6%2-S03`T4PFF]&Q]
M[Z3]3=E1MYFUD&R4



KB53?1ZC2GRO-/6#1E;`U7KZIXU:*];7:?=Z=2VN!OS4=HHWG*?
MG2J

1^-NF7U=


M[17L7(Q'^P8R3Y;:.?LPDS59P4H^N

7Q&OA]_'%WH
\\89=P:O_
4Y

C@)J#

`9^6$%


N&YYMZ5D!KJ)LDEZJK,?ZZ78#
MK#2#&_<OMH%*2[-$1TA-]O0LU2B(;!^EOAX6DI;:+\4#7!Y+1R\Y<FH<.
MA[VB
S]C7O@FJ`('L-JJ;';=D@:.-`0U+*`TB&#W3=A.A^H;9SR#E:#KPS
MULVUTP5H&G&

-]F

F;27U-I+9

[7'+4.G#.Y6_-D&-C=%1K=V8M5[
:?MXM[:%.?U

M3ABF8WES;!T!(OH=^89^
VZ]R+^%W24X'N9V\$
\M0P_6O!L]][TA\GM%=42
M9#TU!QOY2J8


M7

M7GM^B

;

MT3;+S4-=X_+.%]2[FAM6PL:C.H)C?1'^'4#


MG2GN#RQGT38ND=_#Y$#6/,VD!P^*DQZ*RN4.)!F\$FQ8SP[26M:UH($[=A



.(&Q3
MLJTRLWKP##BZX3PPA#N%*=\+BUB@-JJ:



H
M]).2\O^!&HES

3-*



M(G$

H(I)HUB/







M-N#5_8.-)G&N#NQ@PUPJ7HLWX3E@7+6'%V@=)5RO8F\.PF`4(/


7Y*Z$.&:X54M'9.-ZPE,
M)-4'+`YMT_ZND(*80E-VS%8TD5EEB!)[Y6A]BD/$+4K^$F9PN
0F-P]6[\]


C
VHBD=!K52$/.5AM_

M

DTPHE'0=4'S'



M6X

&:/RF:Q(6:')N*.-[

MDJ0;$?)0SHJ62]3

MP[!A.#?2M`L2H1\MXRQ$-7WF#)MA*!;+



M30`_W\0+

M9

+XB3&NNY$=

MN1`/GO^#J')!Z*0@).TM]D3(:`Z5'IY$607OO6B4'M%CL/;TN9PD5*3\31

17

M/MWD$4HJ1L
9RGLDWJCSD9H7_3(HQ;D'`_VEP'P40QQ\(W6UJ$]8-
HF$M

MUFAR2W)N]!R;;`Y.:4!3V3FW)(B?DZZ[#

XE

M&_#%WY&'_U#TDXS+1+E6QECST65;!*:3YUX960Z_9XSDGCJ-%)PD9RJA_0U$
MDG


M@XALTZ`J3T%IX?5_W2
H((!#^XKM)SXSS*\G&@8I+C/[GV@SJ\+U9([M

(*9F79Z5



4H)]UMY/Q@]QK(%`Z=5ZK#2P5@
G''=+.&Q!BD

M7
YL/\8WY;\A,SX[..GCU=O#!ZI;5SJ(9FV1(6L_IO4]$17CJ$73I5I1Q-
M;=

TR.5ZR)G


M2478KZU2NY=#-?94ROPWKLZ#




Y&=L`+5L'_@!5GYGK\B44]OB(

NS8:5$U&?O^64





&)
I
$J8[E?



^T&@2

MI6](]^E2,REN!,*%:`$_A#.TSFJ&^=PW29\R4]JO%&L:DV*C/C)]:+-B0*
MBG;TN/)\*`6$@090K(6L
.GD&+]!8)'N4N&H3':9%JF1?IC-1^(X$3!6
M;!;$YIU
32JTS%IM_N#:]`22ON0<(I%U

[AU2RXB3(

MXOY]0`K=D]*T`:[+*86E!




M@C:K@K(F'K/=S;9T2

M.)8W]QQ0KS@JDNYT$.EU
V4:

M2B#%G86-

*1BSD13IYHDLIM.L+E9$MT:[7C38YW

M
H)D*FFL/FPE'QX4GSF&S1

[+7-6DU]




I`$0[%IC.V


MVK]R:*H(:
\Z
*?-[$?\O*/9^)2914P[


MF(P;N_#7
.

M;MMD87196K6O?S31.`.!%5%40U;$TZ9:.B
M]TQ3=8N+VT4=E@X@R+15.J?BR+LAOB((JR788D%UM5G?JXVV*PSFI`M3EFK
M?-/VLVGPG.A+]_KT+\HZ`P^WGSD\^U6%KJ7`W!V


M[Z
F1@(3F1J23@O`MQ\N6JA$U#%'`C]7NF?KY=!^$K2J!4
C0X(+5@$[!0EO


M
?

AVB?LTN):]E*V=8F'

MOU

N=IU2
'PQ

M
!BU)L

TY6
^!YID%1PZ!EKE
!*L=O7
M@.L7M;O]
C:5(V)L1RM?8P9!##!U@H:!EAA1=


.@9:R3.00EU\8B(
MLU:^6;1*QHDT=R3-4:^HV'5$I%DSWRS:A_%$G#O!,FQUE?+.2+BK+159O&H
MB[GPA3D+A5]R8T_^H0H`JT5#&[8&O:*5_@Z]F_4S]IH-H17WN6P.C;Y.&WLE
+U(0I6-<E6P[F@^ECJDYP+?SO<_-4`&9=`9BMFY*7J]J2]\PM
M?NAVZJ_.LG;RKR(TSCY[0?#&^.1:WD(82^$;[[S%PG
-(ILL!6@?N=P+H7T
MQA[&+_36#&P+:QP:9PXAVTZ0;1&R9H`$8[Y%/#=

MT_


['NQP

D=\N]_IQ





@LW'?J(!



MW)ZXU78KO&1*6`DY;1DS*BJC]GV%@V#/#*1W)CTDWA6N0/&BRZ7O/=H+(&(@




L77GP3@'.L'UT7[F@O6S(WW=Q


L6Y+6;)*@F
I08EM&/O!@05P7<.-923P

M07@U^XX1095PUJ(QU)4(

PM)A!+6CB.&L6$Y#U..QX7`U

MF4`(@(G^

M2RK(XW6U9






6?S_G61#5I%5@'YY

M4/9
D8*7(@/4JGKL@SUJ^X4L#*:TG2?%U)3U^C9R?O!-Z86A`^?9L?^.D$/`

M3
4



A


1WF%

M8NM3Y6&TY3C5





P)70CXF)::
1-[I7&





Y#7%?P^


MIK`PA!UY@JO^:I6#(


^

.3(G
MGRP)=#;^Y3U@L%Z+#3*QH96,A*39-JL8[M4%I=MEVQ]39DYLU5XILR'\2V
MD5]@I&A9D%;BM5J:3V3@82L
=P/7L=6BW+;D.66L);Z$1X-2W^2O;.U9FQ%9
M&`R.TLRDLZ[!WS;:$CR.5:29\%Z59(G!'.TOB:A0!@!*G^SL1I`&/FLT&7S
M!PF$C*5W30I[C4;

?GQ-NM47U.[GZGWR_M&9D@*
MY4W1V&]-





M:_4[W1KP61'K*=P2MD'
9E2(V20\8NE$00Z3`('OYVZK

Q/C/CZ


M
*M^V7OLX!K(L6&YK.!U$&VE
2(#];E-&_..]M(L=;Z.^.8L(PZ_^IOS
Y9L






<[`&UVP.ZD^$6IM.316!?<0(7

'-PRT!M4X98]V09.
MMH%\T;4U[(Z/WN]?A;J_WH;PET4BNDE]RWZ&J'Z?#6COO':#/8%!Q``?_1



M?Z6._7DO7:VU
`:W*KI2]$255=;6:$





Y4*HGI_@
MTOH[L@
[+CFU
E
!6G9J;GYTFX/UVTV451\TSP94[#HU37
94*^2*)!1*U3.
MLMN*2UZ:AH\]3@)L;Q]OG]Y\GKMD8




M*E


5X06/

MC4LTL_BALU!(((`?U+?S%)NR0R0+1R




M[4L/;)`C_

ME;'5P(R24$GX

D9Y1;03P4XSZ#R(FY)K+=





1A=C`F-Y`M0=O(#6CQ
VO!
D/


MTDV0S-ZB;?W\NS7W
`\1K7[







M4^0].


M`
L8







4A*LS!_*]D
M2=XL^7S%US(M;'


T^-@0



:#-



(1]*8$N&U

X(#A9)1XF



MT#/`OH$T`L])%WG7#HB.R
S:B*1T&DV7@



2X8
M\Y9RY*F;I+U@8B/`

$XAJR5ZF+A17!;4O84
MRFENW#


;D'`9='=

]XI]V-=9W8!TY?%D;AQS(5








MW?6K_7(E^!,.]W`]5:/S.MV2C%[E::L;B-R'G2RA=`/*@(4KSIV+BWOO;1
MBI':?




M6%3*IJ5C_53!U36YJAI6DI





LHY:JA.@&M\E;HF[


Q^^J-IK*4_#97`UP^1PZ5TP(M?F'_[\_OXG(%++7L`K
M:)'^[^ZXV[O0NH/FC;TU`(


<MK17YV.UR37J=?(
@]?Q-+@U0$



MZ2/;KQ)E_0[\)\%9N4FK!WE+7'T7

M\-&+_*T7
.H-=U@`3KT[_)@-N.U=V-'%L*VFW@'^2\SGV7D)@UY_JR6D9M^T

M_7UN`FWET.=``Z_PO)L!_B:F8K$

MC?[.#'1Y`
U_*W[?$*7*S3[6P&-V_Z


MEC_@P3#XY
)1L;WIJM6VT`K7\)UNIY/FC#4`NX(/C/C^!%B$_8[PPN5G&4+Z


(35G:[?-+NUVSM'\+3-'-
MP$]4\QYDI%B:JIC&N[T


*#@
M9_WW=UX0@F;Z/R)
6B'KHM'V

4N%-H1W?8N]#C

M-!I-!JM@%P%@-1Y4/H8LQ[6`9I@_43VR3VY98MER25FZV1VJ+-OGRESPPGNM



/D8H(WZQ









RKQ*O;)UZ8(T3G+'WAJ`8B)$;O+J




UP\BDTLM^U





M]RS3_14#G##%B6-WVL8GU\!3AJ.T0+#T0Q/NK]3S]VP!*^
@*B%9!$=GCY

(`F4S9YRJ$KT;*



'`H2/:'\O^%]

VD2VJZ1ZX:33







*R(`GQ

MM];+(&T+\:FW:M837_5&X][^J/_$HKV5\W
/TC3&UWB*Q/\_KL_75\4+RH$D


MB&SV/






M

(.H:(IC?
M.CH:S_Q`?QI$7$$:;8%IY!H4F%2(;%

$'


Q4+P%J/#)4CTU3E9ZT_P8/(FL&$0AXLX
MM_6?Y8D\%.&DPA'*ST].NV;OOA8KA\M\(]=!*JOQKD$1HJ0)).EPAMV_+

MR4]I.C-YJ_!
6H&T[#1^D3WTB

M4L:=D@*QVSNR5NLZSQRKGARY%8R
_4[)J+++.^=?43P/2'3V)&H!;.TBFN8P

M/(





M*:AM^GJU'FT=5G9U[#

M@[&\/$
RYL!DS(LBE$Y1694K
XOU9!,.`29(PHJ_P9*8F@+4[4]VY(]KR#






MJKCSHFD/X_+];G%I=HYW7*J%0NE5!W7J*DD

M&



X$G:4



=

M3.TIA1)
;MR/TIK@@6E_1)9FO.VA1<H&2K&M-[MNUVW!6HV23-7,7TJU


E7QL6

M?




%Q=+@S&8YW`(J\V

M&`S`
4$P13ZX?0)74_`9!W1H\C

1@\/#\-D.E]^-/3B$`P&





%@3-#W=0XF
Z
MYV1O
EW.^(

MH5UX%Y!0]2Q0BCT8;(RUEDOKP-D]C)@UD_/Y^3TBW(J-%*SFT`K@U13G\ZLT




MPD$L(V$7M#O/'K:UD#BU$1?U9&M`)C16#Q$U_!1?XO5#&T%PA?X1TR.LR2E
MW(D61?WH=NXEE)[%2;*4\P*1?!4LZ`ZNO;7TI*U`O$0!\X;4J:1/UP1&?2

0FA-60M.9G;!/V9T;OG]#MST'IW4C^^0X_7

4O%A`II!$8VWII'-$*E)6P]:C)25H
MVPD9FJY^?


O`/N[59`

#G)Z



8UY&*3?5\QCG[;$&5:KT4JKCXVA-CK'
MMVYK#*H=3(0OZ-^:EQ@P3B!G9;O$0-_61)#BW292=%;^L5G#$T'`]ZR`?L
MR^N




^6)2










\@K8[_:U&PUA*_*:#+\
9`;P9?8JG0;MMNRW24?M<EIOK_*5E:)FC&7X.,]MAF^;X=MF^+89
MOMX-LLWP;3-\VPR?Y7A/WXU+0=974R'#Q)2Q-*[KM\=40*\L;%N]EYG4
YQ

2;VKDYYU=F_@T%
M-$A\=9A(4;SU2TB:5*I<*S7QU@O.5*\#$[!6RE=E6&V6FYF\(4Q`7:E@E:+N
MH!*QP5O#!$J):WZ



?



:-^4D9JXV@
::8;YU)



M1TD




:OY)8S?-UF

M`!P`97-D:2TR
#$T
3(S

M```$.0$``.5]^W/D-I+F[Q=Q_P/6.QMK1TC=K6[;X_;




/O01/G3T/7SH7\L_

M90EPXE
B[I:V:^MIV+(;0[!


\<EL5A+$M:JL^S=&']?%E`J47HM_BNMB=+DG_2`+PEEM%<]/F#



+

DSJ5_
[PG9SHCW@MNN@890C4'4XWE`CH$=JM2V-



CP'ITJ$A
7OM66

&H.8Q='PJ!^C,OX`#5*KD%('&<MN61'3R_EY$K%'%JVV-+S&&1]
LL*

M*)

Y87J`*=M3DA)K
M67'G=#I:'(NS=#&/?_3YO^F+T3E%SB\Q###;S.@((:*&'IF!&Z4P$=*$BT_!


M$J`EA(H).F1&2DAA/H2(1$J#*=@QXT`B`'


0





MZ88S%EG?ZZY&N-VU5T40!9/ZT!G78
NUEG(I5JA
SQI8^7'C3$-R&L8H4/5\


M)[

\P12P:39W?`X&Q;Q=W=.:7&G^CH8;
M&E#*ID`IPKPXJCRX!%I\]+FN34'EH,LCYY887;)(A6$`U3;.BZEEE97






M4`@IDDDQ'
QHIERTAQBMI$^&6*`V6:(10\
4



MJK\R2

=]=J0YD






M3=816IM)F(9G`Q)2NZE





'6(FHMD\8BX\5.6YOE5ELZ-YZ9:$CX9H8'6
M)$/C9S0\4#%U*2`DR%*(X&#`#8VYS?N?:$*S(.8DGD4+EC`8[\)1TI+2IGCH

G%L?GBV7`
M


DN1
6*2R2%85#9IC_AIDE8'FH`4SC:0[TI?@O)J4PK
M4QVA29ZM;0'4/E`K)-!P3`O+_.CLKT(
R8&$&M9GEM!S_D]3WZD3G(0=E`M
M0VHI?SI0K
P!42)D

M!5;7:.M7'#6J@Z2DNV_*(.EC(=C(4_8GJXQ'DBL1I




]O.\@!]!(W#[)8#\55E[*0V(E:F6JVL?4#1^9R&
MA7C[)
LI=8F4--6M.+QK-6H(RMT2G78#T991UR^PW$_3J(^U

M79#3Z#A=P%Z46)FUE=Q02][I/


L5-PFD3#=FM
VP2G



M-Y_R^XC*[@JK_0++]K^#II'MT#GUT9?Z4[`*G%4?TYQ*Y3_#'T-HN%^O8#V-




M^2[G`V[*'BUWG-Q4I^6KV1D[4U4]/QS]*#F:T'O(?6^+GP
P*V]S94%$88Y3


^ZD].M.23P/?SKJ&`K;NV@6LFD6XEL#*L*N
+@
6V3/0
M]*M-RS.]$W:JM77PLTV+5_
B#0@AR]JF.G.:T.S^!

K9]:L5\9/33MP
M#45!<!^FR?EPW=E'G3G`E'TIF6EP0T[&SM*^%FH!ZQNEI1O&692#`?UW(\9

M!(L5-
'JCVF`U%-H@
%Q;

M_!;?;`K8(I\+V#W(P]IL




M^=H#C8Y

&WY



M+(?\/#2'M6WQIU7.$IKG)S0/


MN_P@FJ;FP\MN:SUZ0QHFH#NH+!^0)IX#
*.XP7LZ\,)?1VJ[+/AC+







]/Z8MD/;\B:;3N[M?HE^'N:':_R
M@G\H

MLO4`5!
_5.)$RJ

P&EKU(53.


MQZQP]^@-




4CF,L1V6O@ZQ!#K5&64Z::-@W*Z:35LJR[SMJWC.XE@

MD555O@1]S?+?CS


63Y(PWA]V(Y:Z.X@ZX`_%<=='$N8&`K6^9
M(+OT?;Y8\B`

2`3_X.=ZS)
M6G=M-%P=#+G+T






M8RA(@E_3+/^ZNC;/F]S+J!N^V+KB

H:'S)NB5]VE%5N4EIJRA
Y9QFQQ_


)M[HSPI6^F0


/8K;[@4I'BB9PW6[1[ANA[?Q-D]2B&*2


X@%HXA&
RP9<0ZQ$+LK@8]BKM2OA:Z7ND'4K3
M26U8:
M##E8:0

MV2$;\IB8V`?2SK0<3Y+F
MGY.LOHYS&SR79[OR=0X/F@2QN(43AMF*1H8B&6[&ZQ
&(YUL/7(PT`8:MHX$
MKCR4T##3.



^:E.%B[-+8CJ<%D%



M2HV?WMNVVE.8.VNQAN^^ROZXQUE=BC=4VT8[*(OF#^7!@BN9T\!??=@P['E[

X!7W3





MZ2-QX]3UJ]KU-YY*S


TD?YEJ2-4C8%GYSJ!]XD
ME5D:#:MZ(79I52L0UM#`0:NKU5W

9SN%FO+X
-]+)


M!X2S]STI'K)T=?_0^-N'`S)/(1


X:Z@2]OA)E!-IZ]4F1\M.*
M/LI6E-![:!VVF8@1H9*]OK_/^OAQ2\WDVS^N.ZT3&E(XG`%MY/V[MOVJ?
N
6,`IM.$4.^2]X:+B#'2%B`/0;TKO@0%'[+T/N:5CWXY?RJ
MZN//DPOZ7-P^T?B1?H$!0%^@&FESBHVD?NZP#?*(!JB;\.+;HN`=88]Y#P\
M
:US0%F.
M?:`9#4`0'\$=2F`Z(O:1R5A\-_1LA\*<7AC=(@!/
=]^MX/===&P[O!D`=M
MC.)@ZU66AI1&^1FOZOK@0_

'
MO]8'6YK$Q

M1PPW.#6L+R_+6Z#[$Q/6'6%G.AOH8I!KJ`

MR/E+
Y)#3C6
G+VF$5TLB\K%*\K+-2F>]I
MF?C#;2)M#Z



U+


M^


M%I#&!QFA7Y&/EB!EU^62SWD+EMQ_3O/\.
BR%]XLGH+
F$E_D(5)N=?OFI6*



!WF1QCBZM4X!M
M5C1-.P@9K+HY@L!K(WO*7\4![`GA'/W:K%10$G8#FNXI.?&GIQ/X9TET#3=*
MX_*`K\%I@ZS7A(4VN*W
A3I!-
NK-G1=LH`
KA=-;X*8@_N@O#WVRQ(\B$


MXALBI7&$DK]2=O]0T&C&1XK!/;U8P;.3E_

6KPIC



9G+0WWJ8Y%


NQ%)4
MV^Q*-)_!TZYVYEM_PPMA1!?']H:'F#X330C\'@234X+3)/([(3`=$3N5#[I]

M
+0GS3\?-$';10C8)@)486#[13LH%&SO\_LS1-RZS[WW`=J-'MF:Q*;%53DW







TI*@VR$V;L
M;J7
240?@V/9W/


M@`L




M7@Z



MP[#1^C78YK3XAM3FR=K^`5E_@:P_


M)9K1\.N[]C/]UM48M/K-K#YUA#LAS=L;\M\%XX.S&QIR2=/RPD8&$370[?@Q


M4:^E$?*K


M5=(#[(I+%:5E\G5I^QN
ZYU$??9IV
MPV&W!2\VM_WS7'SV?PV[V]Y.R6F!Y!40N9%N0$I?\.^;[Z%Y^O0K);2+QYY(
M79_D@(E6J;5&\PJ(O7;&=Y`V?_F5TMK!84^L7B/!$ZU_2M/HB<7:VX_5;XB(
MH4#J5ETE0'[E,218Q;RHP<)D*S&P3@^A=<%9(<ZU:)=9%E$16X!IRR02%$B


VI





M2P




/[T%..?


2E._@X\?/[[F?RV:
MUEH^W9.@^
;;U\5P5I3I7[&D?6DD


)F2Z\9G][3?%)%RA
MCD+_+$QP\LS`(@L^5CI^3FQ.T/2G5RCV
?WFP;N#P^R+?X'T39Z7Z*=7
5XL


MW@?.#!





G1;US382!F.AOU!['G7?W@:)$XB\



4/K#C(!
MB=KWY

T'7H(8+QU:'1



Q)OLGP-GSREZE7]T0]_)2#AE&OG`







M&8:.K
N

M($31ZH!`L7G+KX6!]ZO5]N;.:OK!2RX':[`B*77Z-=62PB7J8NX`IS?$Y-*P



D@X-H.%3/JSQ%TQ04F-`MGL*.D$/OJU%&2`

ENB*$(^H`16:P





M(.'7#D#XN')=D=[EK#4T'5_0`T+`IQT@G$0QSQ/*;VQ+DZ:J+4U'#O1@$'%J
M!PZ?213'UR2:RLZ0-QJ9#@+H2;^!/SL$?XL2G/V&85T71-0_3CR%SCD+RP

M2;FV`YF

FX'.G3KM]8T


MXN72?Z/4QU(G&P79(=J+O1U
%\A'?LIBF`D[R=RO!JZCK0^9
&/+54P4V.


`:2Y


;

-;EQ+'






H3Y^_DH7RQ?AI$B^/O(2_)`5N%

MA&C6LRU;2LR.B7/8E-BA@.H@]=$DRY9BC'?1#?*BT

M/J/L34^&!


MM$




MA8C

M750%7H.'\DM2R@ODQ5X-$L8/W@=0#86\=E%%3G
^\AJ;.JI1ZVK\`'\`E1#(

!V:G%/&0E26E`]&BP6VN=1

W3%A9X3]2O&118VG6)9P(%/MM
M!S
AD-72-G5E9P?HC'U^J8.Z+3;XT@4/

M`I@N5!4&V'VI@K]2'A'UPKY.Z]K!6DM








VC9%IB`8;-JQJ9B1)K2L

M5WMJ2RH

M6HL:&[VT/\`.O0I6/*7F0P--I).P&9MYPKQ%^FR\S\&I%\C\22Z9K-Z$/M

M&Y1@@C9CKJ@!9R(R9#%:CB\1-UJS+DZGD1Q$J\S_HM*AY#01E?YD
@NEI0




&F)#9+R,ND'2BMP8JD-UDI0=\8HC3A-.D;V-(B[VLYXOO*GJ:3V4$8
M0@5@WBN6PIT2IU@KH5*I/&2!3]RID3KY3+6$8AXN_+K$9[]L2BF.@8A6B*

R[=DEE





]





M9$




M=931:[4:XQ?W+A?;))DC8LH@\H^;?EQFE\Q@`\\7Y2\+JW8)_RH*O4R`VS$`
MZ0!
O]8S7B

W:


M]BPG-\[=4B?9F8^+E]_PE






M@HA

#/C;1YM/L)$1?$+O/V2!P

MP_S(*M6RO@[O;











M1;JXSBLYG:;JNUZZ=$S9D@P&A0WI&C\RWP@WQ?AW6/$2GN!?J8E+&`YE#Z


BEC


&.



\%97N
M+^






MT%)GJZ7HU7*Q(^S!\D&CTDQ




M)-/:4I)

V9








MJ./1


M?T94MQW08`H``!EI```1`!P`97-D:2TR
#$T
3(S


FNVB=




CAR7I@E`;I`BG[EJO7JFH`#[(XFKO5$V%
M=T3DT4Q9RX.Y;Q3HDY?A*?!2

YCGU@[DN


MET
3+QN+B
W1QJ:-C*RQF
QO(^9^7C#?@P4L/-6H2Z.$C1H9
Q-'C9B01.1M


M7`-#4NLS$7


Y/L;V2&;(1ZQ(*`

OE)Q1DJU*#A!GZ01GZXPY2
P.E4\-6Q&FT&=*Y[V8T#\MH

@4L%3(V@SL90@?R12OLM5%OL`

*_\GX
M*!81H

7[D:(Z&M2[%K$HV9$
E@NR$\C;8+
MR`#3E81!P(S_2RV)Z4'X)1$ZD`9_S@8X/`A18A0IJS:R\)[X

MNSF-B^WUIKQUY-(R)36T@90WEK-N*N%A%M^9K5@R&X)`#&YG76MDHSZEHV
MZ





]JVAI+FSG;\3CX

\Y.
M$S)J
IPC_75Y$S8L37?

SVMY`

M//2ZC]%E'\]V[3*H$/\[]G4L[3]J)V'T[=K)TH#]3ET=;5IYU`[#U-FUP\79



&%?FM


Y5)SC;W1F/T?J
MO$@OUU6+'!FL_H!E2L3I+%:);DNY!P&B5$A]7[ZL.VM%/);!1-Z_/(0@0YDW





N3JG

MY]1-S-V%'(.;2%M9UYR;O





%?T:F14S\BBH``(W$
M`@`5`!@```````$```D@6W<``!E<V1I+3(P
30Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`4`

M:0``$0`8```````!````I(%&!P$`97-D:2TR
#$T
3(S


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (4
057
171)
$ 86
986


        
        
        


        
5
889
2
790


        
        
2
217


        
3
246
149
        


        
10
000
        


        
        
        


        
80
196
(28
202)


        
(317
969)
(16
321)


        
(114
147)
2
567


        
(143
750)
        


        
165
713
10
976


        
51
222
(23
685)


        
(9
941)
(15
111)


        
(1
083
809)
22
217


        
        
        


        
(37
869)
(21
845)


        
        
        


        
(37
505)
(21
845)


        
        
        


        
20
000
30
000


        
(5
448)
(21
290)


        
2
634
1
954


        
(1
518)
(4
297)


Issuance of common stock - net of issuance costs of $36
848
2
158
152
        


        
2
173
820
6
367


        
1
052
506
6
739


        
29
784
23
045


        
1
082
290
29
784


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
3
974
1
552


        
        
        


        
3
200
000
        


        
26
831
        


        
46
853
        


        
110
000
        


        
$ 10
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash that was held by the acquired business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which involve the purchase and sale of energy under forward contracts at fixed and variable prices and the buying and selling of financial energy contracts which include exchange futures and options and over the counter options and swaps.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 real estate investments
 real estate loans that qualify as investments in real estate
 and premises that are no longer used in operations may also be included in real estate owned. This excludes real estate assets taken in settlement of troubled loans through surrender or foreclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding ordinary dividends. Includes special dividends.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 48
585
$ 22
716


        
5
487
5
487


        
38
831
        


        
92
903
28
203


        
(11
697)
(5
808)


        
$ 81
206
$ 22
395




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        

the consideration paid for Eurocan and the recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date
of the Acquisition:



    
    
    
    

Shares issued (8
000
000) to effect reverse acquisition
    
    
3
200
000
    

    
    
    
3
200
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
155
060
    

    
    
    
(37
411
    

    
    
    
(11
302
    

    
    
    
(2
860
    

    
    
    
(150
000
    

    
    
    
(46
149
    

    
    
    
3
246
149
    

    
    
    
3
200
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 5
889
$ 2
790




        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
48
585
    
    
    
22
716
    

    
    
    
5
487
    
    
    
5
487
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
92
903
    
    
    
28
203
    

    
    
    
(11
697
    
    
    
(5
808
    

    
    
    
81
206
    
    
    
22
395
    






        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 36
848
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 Authorized
100
000
000
100
000
000


Preferred stock
 Issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 Authorized
900
000
000
900
000
000


Common stock
 Issued
45
512
500
32
000
000


Common stock
 outstanding
45
512
500
32
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    



share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period
without considering any dilutive items. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by
the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the potential number of any dilutive common shares outstanding
during the period. There were no dilutive common shares at December 31
 2014 and 2013. The numerators and denominators used in
computing basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share in 2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    
    


    
    
    



    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(4
057
171
    
    
    
33
374
007
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
86
986
    
    
    
32
000
000
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 3
515
000


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
45
512
500
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company's chief executive officer paid expenses on behalf of the Company on his personal
credit card totaling approximately $345
000. These related party advances do not bear interest and are payable on demand. At December
31
 2014
 the remaining balance due to the chief executive officer was approximately $3
000 and is included in accounts payable
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.

In December 2014
 the Company's
chief executive officer purchased 37
500 shares of common stock for $15
000.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 1
435
416
$ 880
454


        
379
972
138
897


        
1
055
444
741
557


        
494
889
303
220


        
560
555
438
337


Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses
1
366
341
347
582


        
3
246
149
        


        
(4
051
935)
90
755


        
3
736
3
769


        
(4
055
671)
86
986


        
1
500
        


        
$ (4
057
171)
$ 86
986


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
48
585
    
    
    
22
716
    

    
    
    
5
487
    
    
    
5
487
    

    
    
    
38
831
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
92
903
    
    
    
28
203
    

    
    
    
(11
697
    
    
    
(5
808
    

    
    
    
81
206
    
    
    
22
395
    


Depreciation and amortization expense totaled
$5
889 and $2
790 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively





        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    



31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
116
318
    
    
    
17
129
    

    
    
    
260
702
    
    
    
41
922
    

    
    
    
377
020
    
    
    
59
051
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
116
318
    
    
    
17
129
    

    
    
    
260
702
    
    
    
41
922
    

    
    
    
377
020
    
    
    
59
051
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


On
October 21
 2014
 per the terms of a consulting agreement
 the Company agreed to issue options to purchase 1
000
000 shares of
common stock to a third-party consultant at an exercise price of $0.40 per share in consideration of services to be rendered through
October 2016. The options have not been registered under a formal option plan as of December 31
 2014. The options were formally
issued on February 10
 2015. However
 the Company has considered October 21
 2014 the grant date for accounting purposes because
all of the requirements for establishing a grant date under GAAP were met at October 21
 2014 (a mutual understanding of the options'
key terms and conditions was agreed to
 the third-party consultant began providing the related services
 and the options were
approved by the Company's management which also comprise the Company's board of directors). The options became immediately vested
on October 21
 2014 and are exercisable from February 10
 2015 until February 10
 2017.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to measure the grant-date fair value of stock options. The grant-date fair value
of stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. To determine the fair value of stock
options using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 the calculation takes into consideration the effect of the following:



    
    
    




    
    
Fair value of the Company's common stock
    on the date of grant




    
    
    




    
    
Expected volatility over the expected term
    of the option




    
    
Risk-free interest rate for the expected
    term of the option


The
calculation includes several assumptions that require management's judgment. The fair value of the Company's common stock on the
date of grant was determined by management to be $0.40 per share based on the proximity of the grant date to the date of the Acquisition
and the value used to determine the fair value of total consideration transferred for the Acquisition
 as well as the price used
in the Company's common stock offering which closed in December 2014. The expected term of the options was calculated using the
simplified method described in GAAP. The simplified method defines the expected term as the average of the contractual term and
the vesting period. Estimated volatility was derived from volatility calculated using historical closing prices of common shares
of similar entities whose share prices are publicly available for the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate
is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturities in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the options.

The
following weighted-average assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes valuation model for the year ended December 31
 2014:



Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term (in years)
    
    
    
    

Dividend
    yield
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
    
    


The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
 2014 was $0.12. For the
year ended December&#160;31
 2014
 total stock-based compensation expense was $10
000. At December 31
 2014
 the total compensation
cost related to stock options not yet recognized was $110
000
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of approximately 1.83 years. This unrecognized compensation cost is included in prepaid expenses and other long-term assets in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31
 2014.


A
summary of stock option activity at and for the year ended December 31
 2014 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    canceled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    at December&#160;31
 2014
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


At
December 31
 2013
 the Company was a limited liability company. As a limited liability company
 all income tax effects of the
Company's operations were passed through to its members individually
 accordingly
 the accompanying financial statements do not
include any income tax effects for the Company at or for the year ended December 31
 2013.

The
provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31
 2014 consists of current state minimum income taxes.


The
provision for income taxes results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The
nature of the differences for the year ended December 31
 2014 were as follows:



Expected federal income
    tax benefit
    
    
(1
378
928
    

    
    
    
(266
684
    

    
    
    
138
579
    

    
    
    
1
497
622
    

    
    
    
10
911
    

Total provision
    for income taxes
    
    
1
500
    


The
components of the net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2014 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
927
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
4
060
    

Total deferred
    tax assets
    
    
152
987
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
    
    
(14
408
    

Total deferred
    tax liabilities
    
    
(14
408
    

    
    
    
(138
579
    

Net deferred
    tax assets
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2014
 the Company has federal and state net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) of approximately $367
000 and $366
000
respectively
 to offset against future income for federal and state tax purposes. These federal and state NOLs can be carried
forward for 20 and 15 years
 respectively. The federal NOLs begins to expire in 2034
 and the state NOLs begins to expire in 2029.

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax
assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during the periods
in which those temporary differences become deductible. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the deferred tax assets
management has determined a full valuation allowance is appropriate.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


Notes
payable consists of the following at December 31:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unsecured
    note payable bearing interest at 7.00%. The note is payable in monthly interest only payments from May 1
 2012 through May
    1
 2013
 followed by principal and interest payments through May 1
 2015. Paid in full during 2014.
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
301
    

Unsecured
    note payable bearing interest at 6.00%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $1
079 beginning
    March 1
 2014. During 2014
 this note payable was increased to $50
000 and the unpaid principal balance of $46
853 was converted
    to equity.
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
000
    

Note
    payable bearing interest at 7.99%. The note is payable in monthly principal plus interest payments of $472 through December
    2020. The note is secured by a vehicle.
    
    
26
831
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    notes payable
    
    
26
831
    
    
    
32
301
    

Less
    current portion
    
    
(3
560
    
    
    
(2
301
    

Long-term
    portion of notes payable
    
    
23
271
    
    
    
30
000
    


Future
annual principal repayments on notes payable are as follows for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    
3
560
    

    
    
    
3
944
    

    
    
    
4
271
    

    
    
    
4
625
    

    
    
    
5
008
    

    
    
    
5
423
    

    
    
    
26
831
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
Convertible Note
    Payable 


At December 31
 2014
 convertible
note payable consists of a $150
000 convertible note bearing interest at 5% per annum with a maturity date of June 13
 2015. The
note may be converted into shares of the Company's common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.40 per share. The note may be
prepaid upon payment of 150% of the outstanding principal balance to the holder.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


Operating
Leases

The
Company leases its warehouse
 kiosks
 and tasting room space under operating lease agreements which expire through October 2020.
Monthly lease payments range from $1
300 to $24
000 over the terms of the leases. For operating leases which contain fixed escalations
in rental payments
 the Company records the total rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between
the expense computed on a straight-line basis and actual payments for rent represents deferred rent which is included within accrued
liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Retail spaces under lease are subject to monthly percentage rent
adjustments when gross sales exceed certain minimums.

At
December 31
 2014
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
185
000
    

    
    
    
294
000
    

    
    
    
254
000
    

    
    
    
266
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
517
000
    


Total
rent expense was approximately $144
000 and $16
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

Legal
Matters

The Company is involved in certain legal matters
arising from the ordinary course of business. Management does not believe that the outcome of these matters will have a significant
effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 116
318
$ 17
129


        
260
702
41
922


        
$ 377
020
$ 59
051




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
$ 10
000


        
$ 110
000


        
        


        
1
000
000


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eastside Distilling
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
MWWD. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.



        
Segment
Reporting

The
Company determined its operating segment on the same basis that it uses to evaluate its performance internally. The Company has
one business activity
 marketing and distributing hand-crafted spirits
 and operates as one segment. The Company's chief operating
decision maker
 its chief executive officer
 reviews the Company's operating results on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating
resources and evaluating financial performance.


        
        
Use
of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



        
        



all four of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery of the products
and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


merchandise is shipped from a warehouse directly to wholesale customers (except in the case of a consignment sale). For consignment
sales
 the Company recognizes sales upon the consignee&#146;s (typically the OLCC) shipment to the customer. Postage and handling
charges billed to customers are also recognized as sales upon shipment of the related merchandise. Shipping terms are generally
FOB shipping point
 and title passes to the customer at the time and place of shipment or purchase by customers at a retail location.
For consignment sales
 title passes to the consignee concurrent with the consignee&#146;s shipment to the customer. The customer
has no cancellation privileges after shipment or upon purchase at retail locations
 other than customary rights of return. The
Company excludes sales tax collected and remitted to various states from sales and cost of sales. Sales from items sold through
the Company&#146;s retail location are recognized at the time of sale.


who sell discounted gift certificates for the Company's merchandise and tastings is deferred until the customer has redeemed the
discounted gift certificate or the gift certificate has expired
 whichever occurs earlier.



        
        
Cost
of Sales

Cost of sales consists of the costs of ingredients
utilized in the production of spirits
 contract production fees
 packaging
 and in-bound freight charges. Ingredients account
for the largest portion of the cost of sales
 followed by contract production fees and packaging.



        
        
Shipping
and Fulfillment Costs

Freight costs incurred related
to shipment of merchandise from the Company&#146;s distribution facilities to customers are recorded in cost of sales.



        
        
Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents are considered
to be highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of the purchase. The Company had no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2014 and 2013.



        
        


The
Company sells to third-party resellers and performs ongoing credit evaluations of trade receivables due from third-party resellers.
Generally
 the Company does not require collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is determined with respect to those amounts
that the Company has determined to be doubtful of collection using specific identification of doubtful accounts and an aging of
receivables analysis based on invoice due dates. Generally
 trade receivables are past due after 30 days after an invoice date
unless special payment terms are provided. The Company did not record an allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31
 2014
and 2013.

The
Company relies on a limited number of suppliers for the ingredients used in producing its products. In order to mitigate any adverse
impact from a disruption of supply
 the Company attempts to maintain an adequate supply of ingredients and believes that other
vendors would be able to provide similar ingredients if supplies were disrupted.

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables. At December 31
 2014
and 2013
 one distributor
 the OLCC
 represented 70% and 63% of trade receivables
 respectively. Sales to one distributor
 the
OLCC
 accounted for approximately 40% of our consolidated revenues for each of the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.



        
        
Fair
Value Measurements

GAAP
defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements.
GAAP permits an entity to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and contains financial
statement presentation and disclosure requirements for assets and liabilities for which the fair value option is elected. At December
31
 2014 and 2013
 management has elected to not report any of the Company's assets or liabilities at fair value under the &#34;fair
value option&#34; provided by GAAP.

The
hierarchy of fair value valuation techniques under GAAP provides for three levels: Level 1 provides the most reliable measure
of fair value
 whereas Level 3
 if applicable
 generally would require significant management judgment. The three levels for categorizing
assets and liabilities under GAAP's fair value measurement requirements are as follows:



Level
    1:
Fair
                                         value of the asset or liability is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active
                                         markets for identical assets or liabilities.
        

Level
    2:
Fair
                                         value of the asset or liability is determined using inputs other than quoted prices that
                                         are observable for the applicable asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
                                         such as quoted prices for similar (as opposed to identical) assets or liabilities in
                                         active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
                                         that are not active.
        




Level
    3:
Fair
    value of the asset or liability is determined using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement
    and reflect management's own assumptions regarding the applicable asset or liability.&#160;&#160;


None of the Company's assets or liabilities were
measured at fair value at December 31
 2014 and 2013. However
 GAAP requires the disclosure of fair value information about financial
instruments that are not measured at fair value. Financial instruments consist principally of trade receivables
 accounts payable
accrued liabilities
 notes payable
 and convertible note payable. The estimated fair value of trade receivables
 accounts payable
and accrued liabilities approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. At December 31
2014 and 2013
 the Company&#146;s notes payable and convertible note payable are at fixed rates and their carrying value approximates
fair value.



        
        


Inventories primarily consist
of bulk and bottled liquor and merchandise and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using an average
costing methodology
 which approximates cost under the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method. A portion of inventory is held by the
OLCC on consignment until it is sold to a third party. The Company regularly monitors inventory quantities on hand and records
write-downs for excess and obsolete inventories based primarily on the Company&#146;s estimated forecast of product demand and
production requirements. Such write-downs establish a new cost basis of accounting for the related inventory. The Company has
recorded no write-downs of inventory for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.



        
        
Property
and Equipment

Property and equipment is
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives of the assets
 ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using
the straight-line method over the life of the lease or the useful lives of the assets
 whichever is shorter. The cost and related
accumulated depreciation and amortization of property and equipment sold or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is reported as current period income or expense. The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.



        
        
Long-lived
Assets

The Company accounts for
long-lived assets
 including property and equipment
 at amortized cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for probable impairment
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If there is an indication
of impairment
 management would prepare an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected
to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these estimated cash flows were less than the carrying amount
of the asset
 an impairment loss would be recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value.



        
        


Goodwill is initially recorded
when the purchase price paid for an acquisition exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired. Goodwill is presumed to have an indefinite useful life and is analyzed annually for impairment. An annual review
is performed during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year
 or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist
 to
determine if the recorded goodwill is impaired. At December 31
 2014
 the Company determined that its goodwill recorded as a result
of the Acquisition was fully impaired (see note 3).



        
        
Income
Taxes

The
provision for income taxes is based on income and expenses as reported for financial statement purposes using the &#34;asset
and liability method&#34; for accounting for deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected at currently enacted income tax rates applicable
to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. As changes in tax laws or
rates are enacted
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance
if needed
 reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. At December&#160;31
 2014
 the Company established
a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets.

Income
tax positions that meet the &#34;more-likely-than-not&#34; recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of income
tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion
of the benefits associated with income tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above would be reflected
as a liability for unrecognized income tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest and penalties associated with
unrecognized income tax benefits would be classified as additional income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits
 nor any interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income
tax benefits
 accrued or expensed at and for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.

The Company files federal
income tax returns in the U.S. and various state income tax returns. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by the related
tax authorities for the Company's U.S. federal and state income tax returns for years prior to 2011.



        
        


Advertising costs are expensed
as incurred. Advertising expense was approximately $303
000 and $56
000 for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
and is included in selling
 general
 and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.



        
        
Comprehensive
Income

Comprehensive (loss) income
consists of net (loss) income and other comprehensive income. The Company does not have any reconciling other comprehensive income
items for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.



        
        




    
    
    




        
        
Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company recognizes as compensation expense all stock-based awards issued to employees. The compensation cost is measured based
on the grant-date fair value of the related stock-based awards and is recognized over the service period of stock-based awards
which is generally the same as the vesting period. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
model
 which estimates the fair value of each award on the date of grant based on a variety of assumptions including expected
stock price volatility
 expected terms of the awards
 risk-free interest rate
 and dividend rates
 if applicable.

Stock-based awards issued to nonemployees are
recorded at fair value on the measurement date and are subject to periodic market adjustments as the underlying stock-based awards
vest.



        
        
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The Financial Accounting
Standards Board has recently issued various Accounting Standards Updates
 most of which represent technical corrections to the
accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company's
consolidated financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including investment tax credits
 and the related regulatory treatment (for example
 whether deferred income tax accounting - normalization - is allowed in rate making).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

results in effective tax rates which are different than the federal income tax statutory rate. The nature of the differences for
the year ended December 31
 2014 were as follows:



    
    
    
(1
378
928
    

    
    
    
(266
684
    

    
    
    
138
579
    

    
    
    
1
497
622
    

    
    
    
10
911
    

    
    
    
1
500
    




        
        

tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2014 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
148
927
    

    
    
    
4
060
    

    
    
    
152
987
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(14
408
    

    
    
    
(14
408
    

    
    
    
(138
579
    

    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 asset or liability is expected to be outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (1
378
928)
        


        
(266
684)
        


        
138
579
        


        
1
497
622
        


        
10
911
        


        
$ 1
500
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 acquisition-date income tax benefits or expenses recognized from changes in the acquirer's valuation allowance for its previously existing deferred tax assets resulting from a business combination and adjustments to beginning-of-year balance of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstance causing a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future periods.
              
 -Subparagraph (g)
(h)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          



Beginning balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2012
$ 3
200
        
$ 15
315
$ 18
515


Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
32
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
1
954
        
1
954


        
        
        
(4
297)
(4
297)


        
        
        
86
986
86
986


Ending balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2013
3
200
1
954
98
004
103
158


Ending balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2013
32
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
2
634
        
2
634


        
        
        
(1
518)
(1
518)


        
        
46
853
        
46
853


        
8
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
3
199
200
        
3
200
000


        
        
120
000
        
120
000


        
5
512
500
        
        
        


        
        
2
167
601
        
2
168
152


        
        
        
(4
057
171)
(4
057
171)


Ending balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 4
551
$ 5
538
242
$ (3
960
685)
$ 1
582
108


Ending balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2014
45
512
500
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        


    
    
    




 through a reverse acquisition transaction
the LLC obtained a controlling financial interest in Eurocan on October 31
 2014. The following tables summarize the consideration
paid for Eurocan and the recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date of the Acquisition:





    
    
    
    


000

    
    

200

    

    
    
    

200

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

246

    

    
    
    

200

    




method; accordingly
 the purchase price was allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values as determined by Company management. As part of the assessment of the fair value of assets acquired
 no intangible assets
were recognized. Fair values were estimated by the Company's management based on information currently available and on current
assumptions as to future operations. The primary reason for the reverse acquisition was to allow the Company to gain access to
public markets.


ten months ended October 31
 2014 and for the year ended December 31
 2013.


 2015
 the Company entered into a Separation and
Share Transfer Agreement (Share Transfer) with MWWD under which substantially all assets and liabilities of MWWD were transferred
to Michael Williams in consideration of MWWD's and Mr. Williams' full release of all claims and liabilities related to MWWD and
the MWWD business. Following the Share Transfer
 MWWD ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the terms of the
Share Transfer
 the Company determined that the goodwill recorded in connection with the Acquisition was impaired; accordingly
the Company recorded $3
246
149 of goodwill impairment in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31
 2014.


in digital interactive media. MWWD uses digital interactive media to efficiently carry out highly targeted advertising and marketing
campaigns.








        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

31
 2014
 future minimum lease payments required under the operating leases are approximately as follows:



    
    
    
185
000
    

    
    
    
294
000
    

    
    
    
254
000
    

    
    
    
266
000
    

    
    
    
278
000
    

    
    
    
240
000
    

    
    
    
1
517
000
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Organization

      
      

 Organization



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Organization

      
      

 Organization



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 3
560


        
3
944


        
4
271


        
4
625


        
5
008


        
5
423


        
$ 26
831




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    


On
January 29
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The total number of shares available for the grant of either
stock options or compensation stock under the plan is 3
000
000 shares
 subject to adjustment.

At March 31
 2015
 there
are options to purchase 350
000 shares of common stock under this plan.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













