

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753681-21-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210621
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210621
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Elite Performance Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001753681
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				825034226
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56063
		FILM NUMBER:		211029987
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7687 CHARLESTON WAY
		CITY:			PORT ST LUCIE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34986
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8444262958
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7687 CHARLESTON WAY
		CITY:			PORT ST LUCIE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34986
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Elite performance holding corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180920









 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










Washington













December 31
 2019


















 









Registrant's telephone number
 including area code: 






















Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. &#160;Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the Registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#160;

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221;
 and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



If an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 






As of June 21
 2021
 the registrant had 97
276
300 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 outstanding.


































Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
































Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































Included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &#8220;forward-looking&#8221; statements
 as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors
 including matters described in the section titled &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; Forward-looking statements include those that use forward-looking terminology
 such as the words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;shall
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; and similar expressions
 including when used in the negative. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable and achievable
 these statements involve risks and uncertainties
 and we cannot assure you that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements
 whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published
 to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise.

We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks
 nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting us
 our customers
 counterparties
 employees
 and third-party service providers
 and the ultimate extent of the impacts on our business
 financial position
 results of operations
 liquidity and prospects are uncertain. Continued deterioration in general business and economic conditions
 including further increases in unemployment rates
 or turbulence in domestic or global markets could adversely affect our revenues and the values of our assets and liabilities
 reduce the availability of funding
 lead to a tightening of credit
 and further increase stock price volatility. In addition
 changes to statutes
 regulations
 or regulatory policies or practices as a result of
 or in response to COVID-19
 could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. The forward-looking statements in this Report are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However
 due to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements
 you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Further
 forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made
 and unless required by law
 we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information
 future events
 or otherwise.

From time to time
 forward-looking statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K
 in our press releases
 in our presentations
 on our website and in other materials released to the public. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us are not guarantees of future performance and may turn out to be inaccurate. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions
 plans
 expectations
 assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this Report. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Report and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Report.

Except to the extent required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events
 a change in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements
 or otherwise.



In this Report
 unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires
 &#8220;Elite&#8221;
 the &#8220;Company&#8221;
 &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; refer to Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 a Nevada corporation
 and its subsidiaries.














 2018 (inception) and is a holding company with anticipated holdings in companies centered on innovative and proprietary nutritional and dietary fitness enhancement products
 that are in the sports performance
 weight loss
 nutritional
 functional beverage and energy markets. The team is composed of highly experienced business
 marketing and sales executives in the beverage and nutritional space
 who are passionate about health and nutrition.


 2018
 the Company closed on a Stock Exchange Agreement (&#8220;SEA&#8221;) with Elite Beverage International Corp. (&#8220;Elite Beverage&#8221;). &nbsp;Pursuant to the SEA
 we purchased all of Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie&#8217;s 100
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares in Elite Beverage
 which gave the Company ownership of all of its assets and liabilities in exchange for 50
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares of the Company. &nbsp;Following the SEA
 Elite Beverage is a 100% wholly owned subsidiary of Elite Performance Holding Corp.


 2017 (inception) and is currently producing a first of its kind functional sports beverage. BYLT&#174; (Beyond Your Limit Training) sports drink is the first to combine the benefits of hydration
 muscle repair
 fat oxidation
 and recovery all-in-one great tasting beverage. Whether you are looking to achieve optimal performance on the baseball field
 basketball court
 soccer field
 in the gym or any competitive sport
 BYLT&#174; provides the competitive edge every athlete actively seeks. This unique product is designed with scientifically dosed key ingredients to bridge the gap between the current sports drinks filled with sugars that have serve no function
 hydration beverages and dietary supplements
 without the crash from sugars and jitters from caffeine which eventually leads to a decrease in performance for athletes. BYLT





 to aggressively scale companies to size
 and operate them efficiently to maximize growth
 revenue production and eventual net income. On February 2
 2018
 a contribution and assignment agreement was executed by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie (collectively
 the &#8220;Assignors&#8221;)
 and Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Assignee&#8221;). Whereas Firestone and McKenzie were the owners of 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 for a total of 100
000
000 shares of common stock (collectively
 the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) of Elite Beverage International Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 which shares represented all authorized
 issued and outstanding shares of the Company.





a first to market functional beverage that redefines hydration and performance drinks using a patent pending amino/carbohydrate combination. The SmartCarb&#174; technology blend provides a unique benefit of hydration
 endurance and sustained energy without caffeine
 the crash of sugars
making it the ideal sports beverage for health-conscious consumers and serious athletes alike. BYLT&#174; will introduce two flavors upon launch while planning to strategically introduce additional 6 flavors to support the launch after three to nine months of operation. These flavors will include Raspberry lemonade
 Tropical Punch
 Lemon Lime
 Green Apple
 Watermelon
 Grape
 Orange and Fruit Punch.







 brand name recognition and financial resources than Elite Beverage International Inc.

Our management believes that the functional beverage industry competes in the global marketplace and therefore must be adaptable to remain competitive. Consumer spending for discretionary goods such as supplements and functional beverages are sensitive to changes in consumer confidence and ultimately consumer confidence is affected by general business considerations in the U.S. economy. Consumer discretionary spending generally declines during times of falling consumer confidence
 which may affect the retail sale of our products. U.S. consumer confidence reflected these slowing conditions throughout the last few years.

We believe that a stronger economy
 more spending by young professionals with an overall trend toward health and fitness will lead to future growth. Therefore
 we intend to make strong efforts to maintain our brand in the industry through our focus on the innovation and design of our products as well as being able to consolidate and increase cost efficiency when possible
 through potential acquisitions.



It is our intention to position Elite Performance Holding Corp. as a holding company for the purpose of establishing the vertical integration of like companies in the health and fitness industry in order to develop multiple revenue streams while minimizing risks through diversification. Our branded product lines are currently functional beverages and will be the centerpiece of our branding efforts. &nbsp;This is in line with our strategy and belief that a brand name can create an association with innovation
 design and quality which helps add value to the individual products as well as facilitate the introduction of new innovative products.





 BYLT&#174; is positioned to succeed in a highly lucrative market due to being first to market
 its superior product offering and an ideal market opportunity. The breakdown of favorable market trends that will help fuel the initial growth and long-term success of the Company include:

Healthy living trends and lifestyles are continuing
 creating a drive for better-for-you trends
 active lifestyles
 and a growing demand for industry products from everyday consumers.&#160;

There are currently no other RTD beverages that combine the benefits of BYLT&#174; that athletes seek out. In order to achieve optimal nutrients
 an athlete must take 3-4 supplements that are often packed with unhealthy additives such as sugars and caffeine.&#160;





According to Statista
 36% of individuals in the U.S. purchase a ready to drink sports drink 1 &#8211;&#160;2 times a week
 while 15% purchase one over 10 times a week.&#160;




 PepsiCo and Dr. Pepper executives that have over 120 years of combined experience in the beverage industry. Their previous clients include Coca-Cola
 Bolthouse Farms
 Cinnabon
 Nestle Waters
 Honest
 Celsius
 and others. The Company will launch its products in a series of region expansions
 as shown in the figure below.













As of December 31
 2019
 accounts receivable
 net amounted to only $0 and 0 customers represented 0% of this balance.




Most of the inventory and raw materials we purchase occurs through our manufacturers located in Dade City
 FL. Our inventory supply is based on the sales and revenues of our products. Inventory supply is ultimately determined at the discretion of Mr. Firestone
 and the Company&#8217;s COO
 David Sandler based on his experience in the industry. Our inventories are commodities that can be incorporated into future products or can be sold on the open market. Additionally
 we perform physical inventory inspections on a quarterly basis to assess upcoming styling needs and consider the current pricing in metals and stones needed for our products.

We acquire all packaging and other raw materials used for manufacturing our products on the open market. We are not constrained in our purchasing by any contracts with any suppliers and acquire raw material based upon
 among other things
 availability and price on the open wholesale market.




 technology (US Patent Application No. 16/785
498.) and entered into an Exclusivity Agreement between Elite Beverage International Corp. and Bruce Kneller on August 1
 2020








 meeting all of our specifications. We only use manufactures that belong to the following trade associations and organizations.



 accredited organization that tests
 audits and certifies products and systems as well as provides education and risk management. We have recently received a passing grade in an NSF health food and safety audit. 



 testing and quality assurance in order to ensure that a dietary supplement is safe for human consumption. GMPs are enforced in the United States by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA.)




 tobacco products
 dietary supplements
 prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs
 cosmetics
 and veterinary products.






 which ensures all safety and quality standards are met.



 an air filter must remove (from the air that passes through) 99.97% of particles that have a size of 0.3 &#181;m or larger. All filling and blending rooms have HEPA filtration.




Currently
 we are subject to all of the government regulations that regulate businesses generally such as compliance with regulatory requirements of federal
 state
 and local agencies and authorities
 including regulations concerning workplace safety
 labor relations
 and disadvantaged businesses. In addition
 our operations are affected by federal and state laws relating to marketing practices in the functional beverage industry. We are subject to the jurisdiction of federal
 various state and other taxing authorities. From time to time
 these taxing authorities review or audit our business.



Our website address is www.drinkbylt.com We do not intend for our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate by reference the contents of the website into this Report. The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.





WE HAVE HAD LIMITED OPERATIONS
 HAVE INCURRED LOSSES SINCE INCEPTION
 HAVE LIMITED CASH TO SUSTAIN OUR OPERATIONS
 AND WE NEED ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO EXECUTE OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND RECEIVED A GOING CONCERN OPINION IN PRIOR PERIODS.

The Company has suffered recurring losses. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had limited cash on hand and $518
967 in convertible debt and loans payable. &#160;At December 31
 2019
 the Company also had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $928
567. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company
 which in turn
 is dependent upon the Company's ability to raise capital and/or generate positive cash flows from operations.

Management plans to achieve profitability by increasing its business through retail distribution and expanding its online ecommerce presence. There can be no assurance that the Company can raise the required capital to support operations or increase sales to achieve profitable operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets
 or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence.

A DECLINE IN DISCRETIONARY CONSUMER SPENDING MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR INDUSTRY
OUR OPERATIONS
 AND ULTIMATELY OUR PROFITABILITY.

Consumer products
 such as sports drinks
 are discretionary purchases for consumers. Any reduction in consumer discretionary spending or disposable income may affect the sports beverage or functional beverage industry more significantly than other industries. Many economic factors outside of our control could affect consumer discretionary spending
 including the financial markets
 consumer credit availability
 prevailing interest rates
 energy costs
 employment levels
 salary levels
 and 



The Company&#8217;s operations were and may be continued to be affected by the recent and ongoing outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) which in March 2020
 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The ultimate disruption which may be caused by the outbreak is uncertain; however
 it may result in a material adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 operations and cash flows. Possible areas that may be affected include
 but are not limited to
 disruption to the Company&#8217;s customers and revenue
 labor workforce
 unavailability of products and supplies used in operations
 and the decline in value of assets held by the Company
 including property and equipment.





In the recent past
 general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity
 concerns about inflation
 increased energy costs
 decreased consumer confidence
 and reduced corporate profits and capital spending
 and adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial conditions could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise
 or the cost of
 needed capital
 (ii) demand for our current and future products and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing
 strength
 or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery
 worldwide
 or in the display industry.

THE LOSS OF THE SERVICES OF OUR KEY EMPLOYEES
 PARTICULARLY THE SERVICES RENDERED BY OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR
 MR. JOEY FIRESTONE
 COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS.

We believe our success will depend
 to a significant extent
 on the efforts and abilities of Joey Firestone
 our Chief Executive Officer. If we lost Mr. Firestone
 we would be forced to expend significant time and money in the pursuit of a replacement
 which would result in both a delay in the implementation of our business plan and the diversion of limited working capital. We can give you no assurance that we could find a satisfactory replacement for Mr. Firestone at all
 or on terms that are not unduly expensive or burdensome.

OUR FUTURE SUCCESS DEPENDS UPON
 IN LARGE PART
 OUR CONTINUING ABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.

If we grow and implement our business plan
 we will need to add managerial talent to support our business plan. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in adding such managerial talent. These professionals are regularly recruited by other companies and may choose to change companies. Given our relatively small size compared to some of our competitors
 the performance of our business may be more adversely affected than our competitors would be if we lose well-performing employees and are unable to attract new ones.

INTEND TO GROW BY ACQUISITIONS AND SUCH ACTIVITY INVOLVES A NUMBER OF RISKS
 OUR BUSINESS MAY SUFFER.




We may incur substantial
 unanticipated costs
 delays or other operational or financial problems when integrating the acquired assets;&#160;




If these problems arise
 we may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition.



 IF WE MISJUDGE THESE TRENDS
 OUR ABILITY TO MAINTAIN AND GAIN MARKET SHARE WILL BE AFFECTED.

The beverage industry is subject to rapidly changing consumer trends and shifting consumer demands. Accordingly
 our success may depend on the priority that our target customers place on fashion and our ability to anticipate
 identify
 and capitalize upon emerging consumer trends. If we misjudge consumer trends or are unable to adjust our products in a timely manner
 our net sales may decline or fail to meet expectations and any excess inventory may be sold at lower prices.



We have limited revenues and have spent significant amounts of time and money in branding our beverage lines. We believe that primary factors in determining customer buying decisions
 especially in the beverage industry
 are determined by price
 confidence in the merchandise and quality associated with a brand. The ability to differentiate products from competitors of the Company has been a factor in attracting consumers. However
 if the Company&#8217;s ability to promote its brand fails to garner brand recognition
 its ability to generate revenues may suffer. If the Company fails to differentiate its products
 its ability to sell its products wholesale will be adversely affected. These factors could result in lower selling prices and sales volumes
 which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.

IF WE WERE TO EXPERIENCE SUBSTANTIAL DEFAULTS BY OUR CUSTOMERS ON ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 THIS COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR LIQUIDITY AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

If customers responsible for a large amount of accounts receivable were to become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay for our products
 or to make payments in a timely manner
 our liquidity and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. An economic or industry downturn could materially affect the ability to collect these accounts receivable
 which could then result in longer payment cycles
 increased collections costs and defaults in excess of management&#8217;s expectations. A significant deterioration in the ability to collect on accounts receivable could affect our cash flow and working capital position.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO INCREASE SALES OR OTHERWISE SUCCESSFULLY OPERATE OUR BUSINESS
 WHICH COULD HAVE A SIGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION.



We believe that the key to our success will be to increase our revenues and available working capital. We may not have the resources required to promote our business and its potential benefits. If we are unable to gain market acceptance of our business
 we will not be able to generate enough revenue to achieve and maintain profitability or to continue our operations.
We may not be able to increase our sales or effectively operate our business. To the extent we are unable to achieve sales growth
 we may continue to incur losses. We may not be successful or make progress in the growth and operation of our business. Our current and future expense levels are based on operating plans and estimates of future sales and revenues and are subject to increase as strategies are implemented. Even if our sales grow
 we may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall.

Further
 if we substantially increase our operating expenses to increase sales and marketing
 and such expenses are not subsequently followed by increased revenues
 our operating performance and results would be adversely affected and
 if sustained
 could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we implement cost reduction efforts to align our costs with revenue
 our sales could be adversely affected.

WE MAY NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING WHICH WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL
 AS NEEDED
 THE FUTURE GROWTH OF OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS COULD BE SEVERELY LIMITED.

A limiting factor on our growth is our limited capitalization
 which could impact our ability to execute on our business plan. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of debt
 this will result in increased interest expense. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities
 the percentage ownership of the Company held by existing shareholders will be reduced and our shareholders may experience significant dilution. In addition
 new securities may contain rights
 preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our Common Stock. If additional funds are raised by the issuance of debt or other equity instruments
 we may become subject to certain operational limitations (for example
 negative operating covenants). There can be no assurance that acceptable financing necessary to further implement our business plan can be obtained on suitable terms
 if at all. Our ability to develop our business
 fund expansion
 develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures
 could suffer if we are unable to raise the additional funds on acceptable terms
 which would have the effect of limiting our ability to increase our revenues or possibly attain profitable operations in the future.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO MANAGE GROWTH
 WHICH MAY IMPACT OUR POTENTIAL PROFITABILITY.

Successful implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and financial resources. To manage growth effectively
 we will need to:

Establish definitive business strategies
 goals and objectives;&#160;

Attract and retain qualified personnel
 as well as
 develop
 train and manage management-level and other employees.&#160;

If we fail to manage our growth effectively
 our business
 financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed
 and our stock price may decline.



OUR COMMON STOCK IS NOT CURRENTLY QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS (PINK SHEETS)
 WHICH MAY MEANS THERE IS CURRENTLY NO STOCK PRICE QUOTE
 NO TRADING IN OUR STOCK
 AND NO LIQUIDITY. &#160;

We currently have no listing or trading symbol
 and our common stock is not yet quoted on the Pink Sheets
 an over-the-counter electronic quotation system maintained by the OTC Markets. &#160;We are seeking a market maker&#8217;s sponsorship in order to obtain a trading symbol
 and then intend for our common stock to be quoted on the OTC Markets. &nbsp;However
 even if we obtain a trading symbol
 and our common stock becomes quoted on the OTC Markets
 the future quotation of our shares on the Pink Sheets may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock
 and this illiquidity could depress the future trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future.

EVEN IF OUR COMMON STOCK BECOMES QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS
 THERE IS LIMITED LIQUIDITY ON THE PINK SHEETS
 WHICH ENHANCES THE VOLATILE NATURE OF OUR EQUITY. &#160;

If our common stock becomes quoted on the Pink Sheets
 there will likely be few shares of our common stock initially traded
 the volatility of our stock price may increase
 and price movement may outpace the ability to deliver accurate quote information. &#160;Due to lower trading volumes in shares of a typical Pink Sheet&#8217;s common stock
 there may be a lower likelihood that orders for shares of our common stock will be executed
 and market prices may differ significantly from the price that was quoted at the time of entry of the order.
IF WE OBTAIN A TRADING SYMBOL
 AND OUR COMMON STOCK IS QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS
 OUR COMMON STOCK WILL BE CONSIDERED A &#8220;PENNY STOCK
&#8221; AND WILL BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL SALE AND TRADING REGULATIONS THAT MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT TO SELL.

If we obtain a trading symbol and our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets
 our common stock will be considered to be a &#8220;penny stock&#8221; since it will not qualify for one of the exemptions from the definition of &#8220;penny stock&#8221; under Section 3a of the Exchange Act. Our common stock is a &#8220;penny stock&#8221; because it meets one or more of the following conditions (i) the stock trades at a price less than $5.00 per share; (ii) it is not traded on a &#8220;recognized&#8221; national exchange; (iii) it is not quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market
 or even if so
 has a price less than $5.00 per share; or (iv) is issued by a company that has been in business less than three years with net tangible assets less than $5 million.



The principal result or effect of being designated a &#8220;penny stock&#8221; is that securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock will be subject to the &#8220;penny stock&#8221; regulations set forth in Rules 15-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. For example
 Rule 15g-2 requires broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written receipt of the document at least two business days before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor&#8217;s account. Moreover
 Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor.

This procedure requires the broker-dealer to (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or her financial situation
 investment experience and investment objectives; (ii) reasonably determine
 based on that information
 that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor
 confirming that it accurately reflects the investor's financial situation
 investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult and time consuming for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them in the market or otherwise.

AND DIRECTOR
 MR. JOEY FIRESTONE HAS SUFFICIENT VOTING POWER TO CONTROL THE VOTE ON SUBSTANTIALLY ALL CORPORATE MATTERS.

Joey Firestone
 our Chief Executive Officer and director has sufficient voting power through his ownership of 5
000
000 series A preferred with Super Voting Rights to control the vote on substantially all corporate matters. Accordingly
 Mr. Firestone will be able to determine the composition of our board of directors
 will retain the effective voting power to approve all matters requiring shareholder approval
 will prevail in matters requiring shareholder approval
 including
 in particular the election and removal of directors
 and will continue to have significant influence over our business. As a result of his ownership and position in the Company
 Mr. Firestone is able to influence all matters requiring shareholder action
 including significant corporate transactions.

EVEN IF WE OBTAIN A TRADING SYMBOL AND OUR COMMON STOCK IS QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS
 TRADING OF OUR STOCK MAY BE RESTRICTED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES &amp; EXCHANGE COMMISSION&#8217;S PENNY STOCK REGULATIONS
 WHICH MAY LIMIT A STOCKHOLDER&#8217;S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define &#8220;penny stock&#8221; to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules
 which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and &#8220;accredited investors&#8221;. The term &#8220;accredited investor&#8221; refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&#8217;s account. The bid and offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information
 must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&#8217;s confirmation. In addition
 the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently
 these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules will discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock.

WE CURRENTLY HAVE A LIMITED ACCOUNTING STAFF
 AND IF WE FAIL TO DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS
 WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS TIMELY AND ACCURATELY OR PREVENT FRAUD
 WHICH WOULD LIKELY HAVE A NEGATIVE 

We are subject to the public reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (&#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;). Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports
 prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a publicly traded partnership.

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting and principles generally accepted in the United States
 but our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly traded securities. &#160;Our efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls may not be successful
 and we may be unable to maintain effective controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 which we refer to as Section 404. For example
 Section 404 requires us
 among other things
 to annually review and report on
 and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to
 the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. &#160;Based on management&#8217;s evaluation
 as of December 31
 2019
 our management concluded that we had several material weaknesses related to our internal controls over financial reporting (See Item 9A).

EVEN IF WE OBTAIN A TRADING SYMBOL AND OUR COMMON STOCK IS QUOTED ON THE OTC MARKETS
 THE MARKET PRICE FOR OUR COMMON SHARES WILL BE PARTICULARLY VOLATILE GIVEN OUR STATUS AS A RELATIVELY UNKNOWN COMPANY WITH WHAT WILL BE A SMALL AND THINLY TRADED PUBLIC FLOAT
 LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND LACK OF PROFITS WHICH COULD LEAD TO WIDE FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR SHARE PRICE. YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL YOUR COMMON SHARES AT ALL
 OR EVEN IF YOU CAN EVENTUALLY SELL YOUR SHARES
 THERE 


IS NO GUARANTEE THAT YOU CAN SELL SUCH SHARES AT OR ABOVE YOUR PURCHASE PRICE
 WHICH MAY RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL LOSSES TO YOU.

There is currently no market for our common shares
 as we do not yet have a trading symbol
 and our common stock is not quoted anywhere. &nbsp;&nbsp;Even &nbsp;if we obtain a trading symbol and our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets
 the market for our common shares is expected to be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to the shares of larger
 more established companies that trade on a national securities exchange and have large public floats
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than the shares of such larger
 more established companies for the indefinite future. Even after our common stock is quoted
 the expected volatility in our future share price is attributable to a number of factors. First
 as noted above
 our common shares will be
 compared to the shares of such larger
 more established companies
 sporadically and thinly traded. As a consequence of this limited liquidity
 the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could
 for example
 decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand. Secondly
 we are a speculative or &#8220;risky&#8221; investment due to our limited operating history and lack of profits to date
 and uncertainty of future market acceptance for our potential products. As a consequence of this enhanced risk
 more risk-adverse investors may
 under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress
 be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a larger
 more established company that trades on a national securities exchange and has a large public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to when we will obtain a trading symbol
 or when our stock will be quoted
 or once quoted
 what the prevailing market price for our common shares will be at any time
 including as to whether our common shares will sustain their initial market prices
 or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of common shares for sale at any time will have on the future market price.

WE WILL INCUR INCREASED COSTS AS A RESULT OF BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY
 WHICH COULD AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY AND OPERATING RESULTS.

We voluntarily file annual
 quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In addition
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (&#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley&#8221;) and the rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board have imposed various requirements on public companies
 including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities of ours more time-consuming and costly. We expect to spend between $25
$50
000 in legal and accounting expenses annually to comply with our SEC reporting obligations and Sarbanes-Oxley. These costs could affect profitability and our results of operations.

WE HAVE NOT PAID DIVIDENDS IN THE PAST AND DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY DIVIDENDS FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. ANY RETURN ON INVESTMENT MAY BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK
 WHICH IS CURRENTLY ILLIQUID
 AS OUR COMMON STOCK IS NOT QUOTED
 AND THERE IS CURRENTLY NO MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK.

No cash dividends have been paid on the Company&#8217;s common stock. We expect that any income received from operations will be devoted to our future operations and growth. The Company does not expect to pay cash dividends in the near future. Payment of dividends would depend upon our profitability at the time
 cash available for those dividends
 and other factors as the Company&#8217;s board of directors may consider relevant. If the Company does not pay dividends
 the Company&#8217;s common stock may be less valuable because a return on an investor&#8217;s investment will only occur if the Company&#8217;s stock price appreciates.







At the current time
 the Company&#8217;s CEO
 Joey Firestone
 leases office space on a monthly bases for the operations
 and tangible assets
 other than inventory
 consists of general office equipment and computers. Our expansion plans are in the preliminary stages with no formal negotiations being conducted. Most likely no expansions will take place until additional revenues can be achieved
 or additional capital can be raised to help offset the costs associated with any expansion.



We are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. &#160;There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries&#8217; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.










Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.



The Company&#8217;s common stock currently has no trading symbol
 and our common stock is not quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets or anywhere else.




As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had approximately 48 shareholders of record of its issued and outstanding common stock
 and all of our common stock is currently restricted
 whether held in certificate form or in book entry.



We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund development and growth of our business. Therefore
 we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock
 other than those prescribed by law.




 directors or employees.



During the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2019
 we have issued the following securities which were not registered under the Securities Act and not previously disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. &#160;Unless otherwise indicated
 all of the share issuances described below were made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for transactions not involving a public offering:




 2018 we issued 40
000 shares of common stock at $.05 per share which were subscribed for on October 9
 2018 for $2
000. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC Rule 144.


 2018 we issued 400
000 shares of restricted common stock for financing fees. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC Rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the Company&#8217;s Registered Offering) due to the lack of market activity and related price.


 2018 we issued 250
000 shares of restricted common stock per an agreement with Carter
 Terry &amp; Associates. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC Rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the Company&#8217;s Registered Offering) due to the lack of market activity and related price.


 2019 &nbsp;issued 400
000 shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of a convertible note. These shares are restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the Company&#8217;s Registered Offering) due to the lack of market activity and related price.


 2018 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2019
 these shares are unissued but were issued in 2020 and are now reflected in the Company&#8217;s current outstanding shares.


 2018 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. These shares were issued in 2019 and are reflected in the Company&#8217;s current shares outstanding.


090
000 common subscription shares to accredited investors for cash in the amount of $104
500. 


660
000 common shares for services valued at $183
001.


 2019
 we had 16
994
000 shares to be issued in the amount of $849
700 from stock subscriptions to accredited individuals. These shares were issued in 2020 and are now reflected in the Company&#8217;s current outstanding shares.


000 of common shares for financing fees in the amount of $45
000


 2019
 First Fire elected to convert the remaining balance of $124
715 of the note dated December 10
 2018 for restricted shares at .05 cents a share thereby retiring the original note in full
 and 2
494
300 shares were issued on July 3
 2019. No gain or loss was recorded on the conversion as the transaction was performed within the terms of the convertible note. 


As of December 31
 2019
 we had consulting agreements that had shares to be issued
 for a total of 60
440 shares. The vesting expense for these shares was $3
022 for the nine months ended December 31
 2019. These shares were issued in 2020 and are reflected in the Company&#8217;s current outstanding shares.








000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 $.0001 par value
 which may be issued from time to time and bearing such rights
 privileges and preferences as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. &#160;As of December 31
 2017
 Elite Beverage had issued 10
000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 designated as series A &#8220;Cumulative Preference &#8216;A&#8217;
 for $1
000.


000
000 Series A preferred which carries super voting rights. Each preferred share carries 20 votes.


 2018 Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 owned and controlled by Firestone and McKenzie
 acquired Elite Beverage through a 1:1 preferred share exchange as follows. 10
000
000 Series A preferred shares of Elite Performance Holding Corp. in exchange for 10
000
000 Series A preferred shares of Elite Beverage International Inc.



During the year ended December 31
 2019
 there were no repurchases of the Company&#8217;s common stock by the Company.









This report and other reports filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC (collectively the &#8220;Filings&#8221;) contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of
 and information currently available to
 our management as well as estimates and assumptions made by our management. &#160;Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof.

When used in the filings
 the words &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and other factors
 including those set forth in the Risk Factors on page 8. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except
 as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
 we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;). These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. &#160;Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&#8217;s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&#8217;s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.



Management&#8217;s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company together with its subsidiary. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes
 and with the Critical Accounting Policies noted below.



a first to market functional beverage that redefines hydration and performance drinks using a patent pending amino/carbohydrate combination. The SmartCarb&#174; technology blend provides a unique benefit of hydration
 endurance and sustained energy without caffeine
 the crash of sugars
 and without artificial flavors or colors


consumers and serious athletes alike. BYLT&#174; will introduce two flavors upon launch while planning to strategically introduce additional 6 flavors to support the launch after three to nine months of operation. These flavors will include Blue Raspberry
 Tropical Punch
 Lemon Lime
 Watermelon
 Grape
 Orange and Fruit Punch.

The Company has instituted various cost saving measures to conserve cash and has worked with its creditors in an attempt to negotiate various debt terms. The Company has been also investigating various strategies to increase sales and expand its business. The Company is in negotiations with some potential partners
 but
 at this time
 there is nothing concrete
 but the Company remains positive about its prospects. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in its endeavors or that it will be able to increase its business.

Our future operations are contingent upon increasing revenues and raising capital for on-going operations and expansion of our product lines. Because we have a limited operating history
 you may have difficulty evaluating our business and future prospects.
The Company&#8217;s operations continue to be affected by the recent and ongoing outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) which in March 2020
 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The ultimate disruption which may be caused by the outbreak is uncertain; however
 it may result in a material adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 operations and cash flows. Possible areas that may be affected include
 but are not limited to
 disruption to the Company&#8217;s customers and revenue
 labor workforce
 unavailability of products and supplies used in operations
 and the decline in value of assets held by the Company
 including property and equipment.

December 31
the period beginning January 30
31




Net sales for year ended December 31
 2019 were $35
820 compared to $9
900 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. This increase is mostly attributed to the increased marketing and advertising. 



Gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2019 was $(150
688) compared to $(34) for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 This decrease in gross profit is primarily due to more marketing and advertising expenses.

Selling



 general and administrative expenses were $1
418
901 for the year ended December 31
 2019 as compared to $692
348 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. This increase is attributed to increase in consulting fees and marketing to grow the brand.



As a result of the above
 the Company had a loss from operations in the amount of $1
569
589 for the year ended December 31
 2019 as compared to $692
382 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018.



For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company had other expense of $144
520 as compared to other expense of $27
607 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. This increase was attributable to the increase in debt discount amortization
 Financing fees and interest expenses arising from the increases in the convertible debt.



As a result of the above
 the Company had a net loss of $1
714
109 for the year ended December 31
 2019 as compared to $719
989 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018.



The following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December 31
 2019
 compared to December 31
 2018.


December 31
 2019

December 31
 2018



$171
852


$149
054












$1
100
419


$673
450












$(928
567)


$(524
396)





Our working capital deficit was $(928
567) at December 31
 2019 as compared to a working capital deficit of  ($524
396) at December 31
 2018. This decrease is primarily attributed to higher accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 convertible debt and advances from related parties.

During the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company had a net increase in cash of $16
758. The Company&#8217;s principal sources and uses of funds were as follows:



. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company used $(1
194
067) in cash from operating activities as compared to $(504
458) in cash for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. This 

 For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company used $-0- in investing activities as compared to cash from investing activities of $14
447 for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 as result of the effect of acquisition in 2018.

 For the year ended December 31
 2019 the Company provided $1
210
825 in financing activities as compared to $490
137 in cash for financing activities for the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. This increase is primarily the result of an increase in proceeds from convertible debt
 loans payable partially and proceeds from the sale of stock offset by higher payments of loans payable.

Our indebtedness is comprised of various convertible debt and advances from a stockholder/officer intended to provide capital for the ongoing manufacturing of our beverage line
 in advance of receipt of the payment from our retail distributors.



The Company enters into certain financing agreements for convertible debt. For the most part
 the Company settles these obligations with the Company&#8217;s common stock. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had outstanding convertible debt in the amount of $309
030. See note &#8211;&nbsp;9 in the notes to the financial statements for the terms and conversion features.



The Company has loans payable related party of $209
937 and related accrued interest of $22
947
 at December 31
 2019.



A critical component of our operating plan impacting our continued existence is to increase sales and efficiently manage the production of our beverage lines and successfully develop new lines through our Company or through possible acquisitions and/or mergers. Our ability to obtain capital through additional equity and/or debt financing
 and joint venture partnerships will also be important to our expansion plans. In the event we experience any significant problems assimilating acquired assets into our operations or cannot obtain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan
 we may have to reduce the growth of our operations. This may materially impact our ability to increase revenue and continue our growth.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern.

The Company has suffered recurring losses
 and at December 31
 2019
 the Company had a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $928
567. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had only $16
884 cash on hand and $518
967 in convertible debt and loans payable on December 31
 2019. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations of the Company
 which in turn
 is dependent upon the Company's ability to raise capital and/or generate positive cash flows from operations.




Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefits for research and development employees
 stock-based compensation
 consulting fees
supplies
 and regulatory compliance costs. For the Year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $124 and $77
608 respectively in R&amp;D expense.








 which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had an accumulated deficit of ($2
459
098). The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management
 its ability to generate profits from the Company&#8217; s future operations
 identify future investment opportunities and obtain the necessary debt or equity financing. These factors raise doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. &nbsp;




 2018
 the Company adopted ASC 606 &#8212;&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606
 the Company recognizes revenue from the commercial sales of products
 licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the 


following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. For the comparative periods
 revenue has not been adjusted and continues to be reported under ASC 605 &#8212;&#160;Revenue Recognition. Under ASC 605
 revenue is recognized when the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) the performance of service has been rendered to a customer or delivery has occurred; (3) the amount of fee to be paid by a customer is fixed and determinable; and (4) the collectability of the fee is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenues and the related costs when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery and acceptance has occurred
 or service has been rendered
 the price is fixed or determinable
 and collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Amounts invoiced or collected in advance of product delivery or providing services are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company accrues for warranty costs
 sales returns
 bad debts
 and other allowances based on its historical experience. For the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $35
820 and $9
900 respectively in revenue from the sale of our products. &nbsp;



On December 22
 2017 H.R. 1
 originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) was enacted. &#160;Among the significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
 the Tax Act lowers the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate (&#8220;Federal Tax Rate&#8221;) from 35% to 21% effective&#160;January 1
 2018. &#160;The Company will compute its income tax expense for the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through&#160;December 31
 2019 using a Federal Tax Rate of 21%.

&#160;&#160;Under this approach
 deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year end. &#160;A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if management does not believe the Company has met the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; standard required by ASC 740-10-25-5.



As of December 31
 2019
 we had a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately $(2
434
098) and a deferred tax asset of $511
161 using the statutory rate of 21%. The deferred tax asset may be recognized in future periods
 not to exceed 20 years.&#160; However
 due to the uncertainty of future events we have booked valuation allowance of $(511
161). &#160;FASB ASC 740 prescribes recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FASB ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. &#160;At December 31
 2019 the Company had not taken any tax positions that would require disclosure under FASB ASC 740. &nbsp;


The Company records stock-based compensation using the fair value method. Equity instruments issued to employees and the cost of the services received as consideration are accounted for in accordance with ASC 718 &#8220;Stock Compensation&#8221; and are measured and recognized based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. All transactions with non-employees in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for in accordance with ASC 515 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees&#8221;
 based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable. &nbsp;




 which include property
 equipment and acquired intangible assets
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360
 &#8220;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&#8221; The Company recognizes impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets&#8217; carrying values. An impairment loss would be recognized in the amount by which the recorded value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset
 measured by the quoted market price of an asset or an estimate based on the best information available in the circumstances. There were no such losses recognized during the Years ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. &nbsp;

Property
 Equipment and Intangible Assets


 less accumulated depreciation. Additions are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Intangible assets consist of acquired web site domains and web site content and are carried at cost
 less accumulated amortization.





In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. &#160;For income statement purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines. &#160;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model but has been updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have adopted the above ASU as of December 31
 2019. &#160;































31






31
 for the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception) to December 31
 2018





 (Deficit) from January 30
31






31
 for the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception) to December 31
 2018






















We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of  Elite Performance Holding Corp. (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019 and for the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018
statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019 and for the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
 the company has recently accumulated significant losses from operations and has negative working capital
 which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 6. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 PLLC


 PLLC



 TX
June 21
 2021



























December 31

December 31















16
884&#160;


Accounts Receivable
 net

6
860&#160;


152
330&#160;
139
140&#160;


2
638&#160;
2
928&#160;


171
852&#160;
149
054&#160;






171
852&#160;
149
054&#160;














247
194&#160;
112
844&#160;


306
564&#160;
231
806&#160;


27
694&#160;
3
613&#160;


309
030&#160;
117
250&#160;


209
937&#160;
207
937&#160;


1
100
419&#160;
673
450&#160;









Convertible notes payable
 net








1
100
419&#160;
673
450&#160;

















Preferred stock; $0.0001 par value
 35
000
000 shares authorized
 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
1
000&#160;
1
000&#160;

Common stock; $0.0001 par value
 465
000
000 shares authorized
 64
924
300 and 55
780
000 issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 respectively
6
492&#160;
5
578&#160;


856
722&#160;
4
000&#160;


641
317&#160;
185
015&#160;


(2
434
098)
(719
989)


(928
567)
(524
396)


171
852&#160;
149
054&#160;













For the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 






Year ended December 31
 2019
The period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018






35
820&#160;
9
900&#160;


186
508&#160;
9
934&#160;


(150
688)












77
608&#160;


88
752&#160;
72
208&#160;


650
648&#160;
190
280&#160;


556
478&#160;
293
885&#160;


122
899&#160;
58
367&#160;


1
418
901&#160;
692
348&#160;






(1
569
589)
(692
382)










(30
000)



(114
520)
(27
607)






(144
520)
(27
607)






(1
714
109)
(719
989)














59
305
115&#160;
52
500
822&#160;















For the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2019

















































Balance January 30
 2018 (Inception)





(97
407)

(97
407)












50
000
000
5
000
10
000
000
1
000

(6
000)




5
130
000



4
000
255
987&#160;

260
500&#160;


400
000




19
960&#160;

20
000&#160;


250
000




12
475&#160;

12
500&#160;








(719
989)
(719
989)

Balance
 December 31
2018
55
780
000
5
578
10
000
000
1
000
4
000
185
015&#160;
(719
989)
(524
396)












2
090
000



849
700
104
291&#160;

954
200&#160;


900
000




44
910&#160;

45
000&#160;


2
494
300




124
466&#160;

124
715&#160;


3
660
000



3
022
182
635&#160;

186
023&#160;








(1
714
109)
(1
714
109)

Balance December 31
 2019
64
924
300
6
492
10
000
000
1
000
856
722
641
317&#160;
(2
434
098)
(928
567)

















For the Year ended December 31
 2019
For the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018






(1
714
109)
(719
989)






30
000&#160;
12
500&#160;


69
655&#160;
5
250&#160;


186
023&#160;







(13
190)
(139
140)


6
860&#160;
(6
860)



(2
928)


74
758&#160;
230
752&#160;


165
646&#160;
115
957&#160;


(1
194
067)
(504
458)











14
447&#160;



14
447&#160;










(150
000)



(82
875)



2
000&#160;
97
637&#160;


150
000&#160;
132
000&#160;


337
500&#160;



954
200&#160;
260
500&#160;


1
210
825&#160;
490
137&#160;






16
758&#160;






CASH
 BEGINNING OF PERIOD







CASH
 END OF PERIOD
16
884&#160;



























45
000&#160;
20
000&#160;



6
000&#160;


124
715&#160;











&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;For the period from January 30
 2018 (Inception)
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;through December 31
 2019 






 2018 (inception) and is a holding company with anticipated holdings in companies centered on innovative and proprietary nutritional and dietary fitness enhancement products
 that are in the sports performance
 weight loss
 nutritional
 functional beverage and energy markets. The team is composed of highly experienced business
 marketing and sales executives in the beverage and nutritional space
 who are passionate about health and nutrition.


 to aggressively scale companies to size
 and operate them efficiently to maximize growth
 revenue production and eventual net income. On February 2
 2018
 a contribution and assignment agreement was executed by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie (collectively
 the &#8220;Assignors&#8221;)
 and Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Assignee&#8221;). Whereas Firestone and McKenzie were the owners of 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 for a total of 100
000
000 shares of common stock (collectively
 the &#8220;Shares&#8221;) of Elite Beverage International Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 which shares represented all authorized
 issued and outstanding shares of the Company.


 muscle repair
 fat oxidation
 and recovery all-in-one great tasting beverage. Whether you are looking to achieve optimal performance on the baseball field
 basketball court
 soccer field
 in the gym or any competitive sport
 BYLT&#174; provides the competitive edge every athlete actively seeks. &#160;This unique product is designed with scientifically dosed key ingredients to bridge the gap between the current sports drinks filled with sugars that have serve no function
 hydration beverages and dietary supplements
 without the crash from sugars and jitters from caffeine which eventually leads to a decrease in performance for athletes. BYLT&#174; is not only designed to enhance performance and support the intense physical demand of athletes but be safe and backed by science.



a first to market functional beverage that redefines hydration and performance drinks using a patent pending amino/carbohydrate combination. The SmartCarb&#174; technology blend provides a unique benefit of hydration
 endurance and sustained energy without caffeine
 the crash of sugars
making it the ideal sports beverage for health-conscious consumers and serious athletes alike. BYLT&#174; will introduce two flavors upon launch while planning to strategically introduce additional 6 flavors to support the launch after three to nine months of operation. These flavors will include Raspberry lemonade
 Tropical Punch
 Lemon Lime
 Green Apple
 Watermelon
 Grape
 Orange and Fruit Punch.





 which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had an accumulated deficit of ($2
434
098). The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management
 its ability to generate profits from the Company&#8217; s future operations
 identify future investment opportunities and obtain the necessary debt or equity financing. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.




The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the Company
 and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The Company has made certain reclassification adjustments to conform prior periods&#8217; Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements to the current presentation.



000 per commercial bank. For purposes of the statement of cash flows we consider all cash and highly liquid investments with initial maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




217 as of December 31
 2019
 and $0 as of December 31
 2018.


 changes in market value and availability of raw materials
 as well as changing customer demand. We make provisions for estimated excess and obsolete inventories based on regular audits and cycle counts of our on-hand inventory levels and forecasted customer demands and at times additional provisions are made. Any inventory write offs are charged to the reserve account. As of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018
 we had no reserve for potentially obsolete inventory. We had $152
330 and $139
140 in inventory as of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018.


638 and $2
928 in prepaid inventory and insurance as of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018 respectively.



 stock options
 and warrants
 using the treasury stock method
 and convertible securities
 using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS
 the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company had net losses as of December 31
 2019
 so the diluted EPS excluded all dilutive potential shares in the diluted EPS because their effect is anti-dilutive. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had $341
500 in convertible notes that may be converted into 6
830
000 shares of common stock. We also had 16
994
000 shares to be issued as of December 31
 2019. 




 stock-based compensation
 consulting fees
 lab supplies

 2019
 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $124 and $77
608 respectively in R&amp;D expense.






 2018
 the Company adopted ASC 606 &#8212;&#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606
 the Company recognizes revenue from the commercial sales of products
 licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The company&#8217;s main source of revenue comes from online sales with the primary stream coming from Amazon. Amounts invoiced or collected in advance of product delivery or providing services are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company accrues for warranty costs
 sales returns
 bad debts
 and other allowances based on its historical experience. For the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $35
820 and $9
900 respectively in revenue from the sale of our products.



On December 22
 2017
 H.R. 1
 originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) was enacted. &#160;Among the significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
 the Tax Act lowers the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate (&#8220;Federal Tax Rate&#8221;) from 35% to 21% effective&#160;January 1
 2018. &#160;The Company will compute its income tax expense for the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through&#160;December 31
 2019
 using a Federal Tax Rate of 21%.

&#160;&#160;Under this approach
 deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end. &#160;A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if management does not believe the Company has met the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; standard required by ASC 740-10-25-5.




 2019
 we had a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately $(2
434
098) and a deferred tax asset of $511
161 using the statutory rate of 21%. The deferred tax asset may be recognized in future periods
 not to exceed 20 years.&#160; However
 due to the uncertainty of future events we have booked valuation allowance of $(511
161). &#160;FASB ASC 740 prescribes recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax 


return. FASB ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had not taken any tax positions that would require disclosure under FASB ASC 740.

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018:


December 31
 2019
December 31
 2018






511
161&#160;
147
470&#160;


(511
161)
(147
470)










 based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable.




 which include property
 equipment and acquired intangible assets
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360
 &#8220;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&#8221; The Company recognizes impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets&#8217; carrying values. An impairment loss would be recognized in the amount by which the recorded value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset
 measured by the quoted market price of an asset or an estimate based on the best information available in the circumstances. There were no such losses recognized during the Years ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018.

Property
 Equipment and Intangible Assets

 less accumulated depreciation. Additions are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Intangible assets consist of acquired web site domains and web site content and are carried at cost
 less accumulated amortization.



In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. &#160;For income statement purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines. &#160;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model but has been updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have adopted the above ASU as of December 31
 2019. &#160;
In June 2018
 the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-07
 Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 as part of its Simplification Initiative. This Update is effective for companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.


 2020
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.


 cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet effective that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.







In 2018
 the company advanced $30
000 to Gifted Nutrition International
 with a maturity date of August 2019. Gifted Nutrition International is a company that is owned and operated by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie. In October 2018 the company elected to write this off to compensation expense.
Joey Firestone was paid $40
000 in compensation during 2018.


On November 15
 2017
 Elite Beverage International issued an unsecured note payable for $80

 due upon demand. An addendum to the note was added in 2018 for an additional $127
637 in funding which was received in various advances throughout the year.


 2019
 Jon McKenzie advanced a total of $2
000 for operating expenses of the company
 which was added to the addendum. As of December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2019
 the outstanding balance was $207
937 and $209
937
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 the accrued interest was $22
797. Interest expense for this note for the year ended December 31
 2019
 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018
 was $12
294 and $10
502 respectively.

 2018
 and 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Jon Mckenzie for operating expenses of the company of $208
135 and $198
914 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party.

 2018
 and 2019
 we had $36
000 and $27
000 respectively in consulting expense to &#8220;I Know a Dude
 Inc.&#8221; owned by Laya Clark. Mr. Clark is a member of our Board of Directors. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $9
000 and $36
000 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &#160;&#160;

 2018
 and 2019 we had $6
150 and $4
500 in accounting expense respectively to &#8220;The Mosely Group.&#8221; owned by Reesa McKenzie. Ms. McKenzie is the sister of John McKenzie. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $4
500 and $4
500 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &#160;&#160;

 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Joey Firestone of $5
957 for un-reimbursed business expenses. We also had an outstanding balance due to Joey Firestone of $38
396 for consulting services
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &nbsp;

On June 14
 2019
 Laya Clark (a member of our board of directors) entered into an advisor service agreement for one year for 1
000
000 shares of restricted 144 stock that was issued on October 3
 2019. 







000
000 Shares of Common Stock par value $0.0001 as of the December 31
 2017 audit for Elite Beverage International. However
 Elite Performance Holding Corp. is now the successor company and as of December 31
 2019 now reflects 465
000
000 (Four Hundred Sixty-Five Million) shares authorized par value $0.0001. For the period ended December 31
 2017
 the Elite Beverage International Corp. issued 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock for $19
000 to its management.


 2018
 Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 owned and controlled by Firestone and McKenzie
 acquired Elite Beverage International through a 1:2 common share exchange as follows:

000
000 common shares of Elite Performance Holding Corp. in exchange for 100
000
000 common shares of Elite Beverage International Inc.




 2019
 the company has raised $954
200 (2
090
000 shares issued and 16
994
000 of shares to be issued) through a registered offering for $1
250
000 which was registered with the SEC through an S1 registration statement which went effective on April 23
 2019.




 2018
 we issued 40
000 shares of common stock at $.05 per share which were subscribed for on October 9
 2018 for $2
000. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC Rule 144.


 2018
 the company issued 400
000 shares of restricted common stock for financing fees. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the private placement) due to the lack of market activity and related price.


 2018
 we issued 250
000 shares of restricted common stock per an agreement with Carter
 Terry &amp; Associates. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the private placement) due to the lack of market activity and related price.


 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors.&#160;On January 17
 2019
 


the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. These shares were valued at $20
000
 which was recorded to debt discount.


 2018
 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2019
 these shares were unissued. 


 2018
 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. These shares were issued in 2019.


090
000 common subscription shares to accredited investors for cash in the amount of 104
500. 


660
000 common shares for services (consulting and advertising) valued at $183
001.


 2019
 we had 16
994
000 shares to be issued in the amount of $849
700 from stock subscriptions to accredited individuals.


000 of common shares for financing and commitment fees in the amount of $25
000.


 2019
 First Fire elected to convert the remaining balance of $124
715 of the note dated December 10
 2018 for restricted shares at .05 cents a share thereby retiring the original note in full
 the total shares to be issued was 2
494
300
 which were subsequently issued on July 3
 2019. No gain or loss was recorded on the conversion as the transaction was performed within the terms of the debt agreement. 


 2019
 we entered into a convertible note payable for $189
000. It bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum. It had an OID of $9
000. We also issued 500
000 shares of common stock and expensed it at $.05 as commitment fees for 25
000.

As of December 31
 2019
 we had consulting agreements that had shares to be issued
 for a total of 60
440 shares. The vesting expense for these shares was $3
022 for the nine months ended December 31
 2019.







000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 $.0001 par value
 which may be issued from time to time and bearing such rights
 privileges and preferences as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. &#160;As of December 31
 2017
 Elite Beverage International Corp had issued 10
000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 designated as series A &#8220;Cumulative Preference &#8216;A&#8217;
 for $1
000.

000
000 Series A preferred which carries super voting rights. Each preferred share carries 20 votes.


 2018
 Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 owned and controlled by Firestone and McKenzie
 acquired Elite Beverage International through a 1:1 preferred share exchange as follows. 10
000
000 Series A preferred shares of Elite Performance Holdings Corp. in exchange for 10
000
000 Series A preferred shares of Elite Beverage International Inc.





 the Company has recently accumulated significant losses and has negative working capital. All of these items raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern are as follows:


 the Company may be forced to continue to raise additional equity or debt financing to fund its ongoing obligations or risk ceasing doing business.


 raise any more required capital or secure the financing necessary to achieve its current operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the preceding paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations.






 2018
 the Company closed on an Stock Exchange Agreement (&#8220;SEA&#8221;) with Elite Beverage International Corp. Pursuant to the SEA
 we purchased all of Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie&#8217;s 100
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares in Elite Beverage International Corp.
 which gave the Company ownership of all of its assets and liabilities in exchange for 50
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares of the Company.




 2017 (inception) and is currently producing a first of its kind functional sports beverage. BYLT&#174; (Beyond Your Limit Training) sports drink is the first to combine the benefits of hydration
 muscle repair
 fat oxidation
 and recovery all-in-one great tasting beverage. Whether you are looking to achieve optimal performance on the baseball field
 basketball court
 soccer field
 in the gym or any competitive sport
 BYLT&#174; provides the competitive edge every athlete actively seeks. This unique product is designed with scientifically dosed key ingredients to bridge the gap between the current sports drinks filled with sugars that have serve no function
 hydration beverages and dietary supplements
 without the crash from sugars and jitters from caffeine which eventually leads to a decrease in performance for athletes. BYLT&#174; is not only designed to enhance performance and support the intense physical demand of athletes but be safe and backed by science.




 the assets from Elite Beverage International Corp. have been combined at historical cost for all periods presented
 with no step-up in basis. See below for the recognition entry for the stock issued for the acquisition:




6
000


Common stock
 based on par value of $0.0001


(5
000


Preferred stock
 based on par value of $0.0001


(1
000










 financial statements and financial information presented for the period ended have been retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information. Therefore
 the accompanying combined financial statements as of and for the period from January 30
 2018 (inception) to December 31
 2019 present the combined financial position and results of operations of the Company and Elite Beverage International Corp. despite the acquisition occurring on February 2
 2018.


 2018 have been eliminated. Likewise
 for the period from January 30
 2018 through February 2
 2018
 effects of any intra-entity transactions (between the Company and Elite Beverage International Corp.) have been eliminated
 resulting in operations for the period prior to Acquisition date essentially being on the same basis as operations post Acquisition date.




 2019
 we entered into a production funding line of credit agreement with Gourmet Growth LLC. And received an initial advance of $150
000. This was paid in full during the year ended December 31
 2019 and the outstanding balance at December 31
 2019 was $0.




 2018 we entered into a Senior Secured Promissory note with First Fire Global Opportunities Fund
 LLC in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of May 10
 2019. The note carries a prepayment feature and a default provision that allows
 in the event of default
 for a conversion of debt into equity at a fixed price of $.05
 or if publicly traded
 at the rate of the lesser of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the 20 previous trading days from the notice of conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. On April 30
 2019 we paid $62
500 and on May 14
 2019 we paid an additional $7
500
 bringing the outstanding balance to $87
500 and as a result we incurred a prepayment penalty of $30
000. 


 2019
 First Fire elected to convert the remaining balance including a prepayment penalty of $117
500 plus accrued interest of $7
215 for a total of $124
715 of the note dated December 10
 2018 for restricted shares at .05 cents a share thereby retiring the original note in full
 the total shares to be issued was 2
494
300
 which were subsequently issued on July 3
 2019.


 2018
 the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares are restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. This note had $25
500 in original discount and $20
000 in discount for the 400
000 shares issued. The original debt discount was $45
500; we amortized $40
250 for the year ended December 31
 2019 and we had a remaining debt discount of $0 as of December 31
 2019


 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors.&#160;On January 17
 2019 the Company issued 400
000 &#160;&nbsp;shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. These shares were valued at $20
000. This note also included an original discount fee of $ $7
500
 we amortized $27
199 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $301 as of December 31
 2019. On May 14
 2019 we paid $5
000 of principal on this note and as of December 31
 2019 the outstanding balance was $152
500. 


 2019 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $7
875 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. This note included an original discount fee of $375
 we amortized $375 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $0 as of December 31
 2019. On April 26
 2019 this note was paid in full.



 2019
 we entered into a convertible promissory note in the amount of $189
000
 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of December 4
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. This note included an original discount fee of $9
000
 we amortized $616 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $189
000 as of December 31
 2019. We also issued 500
000 commitment shares valued at $25
000 on December 11
 2019 and recorded to debt discount. We amortized $1
712 for the year ended December 31
 2019. 








As of December 31
 2018
 the Company's trade accounts receivables from one customer represented approximately 94% of its accounts receivable.

 2018
 the Company received approximately 65% of its revenue from one customer.

As of December 31
 2019
 the Company's trade accounts receivables were $0 and no concentrations.
For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company received approximately 41% of its revenue from one customer.


As of December 31
 2019
 the Company's inventory was $152
330
 which consisted of $152
330 in raw material and $0 in finished goods.

As of December 31
 2018
 the Company's inventory was $139
140
 which consisted of $23
397 in raw material and $115
743 in finished goods.




 and reported the following events:

 2020
 the Company reduced their debt by $232
733 with the retirement of two 6% interest bearing notes for $178
842 and $53
891 collectively. These two notes held by the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 COO and Board Director Jon McKenzie were forgiven after his departure.

 2021
 the Company raised $208
800 and fully subscribed its $1
250
000 offering at .05 cents a share through its S-1 Registration Statement

 2019 to May 22
 2021
 the Company has issued a total of 32
352
000 shares of common stock. Issuances were a combination of registered shares issued for subscription agreements related to the Company&#8217;s registered offering and restricted shares issued to consultants
 endorsing athletes
 and debt. &nbsp;


 2020
 technology (US Patent Application No. 16/785
498.) This Agreement gives the Company first right of refusal to purchase the technology upon issuance of its patent for a predetermined and agreed upon amount of shares in the Company. 





There are no reportable events under this item for the year ended December 31
 2019.





We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;) are recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognized that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can only provide a reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives
 and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance
 management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management designed the disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.

We carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation
 the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.



Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). A system of internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer
 the Company&#8217;s management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 based on the criteria established in a report entitled &#8220;Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission&#8221; and the interpretive guidance issued by the Commission in Release No. 34-55929. Based on this evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management has evaluated and concluded that the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31
 2019
 and identified the following material weaknesses:





there is a lack of segregation of duties
 in that we only had one person performing all accounting-related duties.&#160;

There is no formal written policy established for the approval
 identification and authorization of related party transactions.

&#160;Notwithstanding the existence of these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 our management believes that the financial statements included in its reports fairly present in all material respects the Company&#8217;s financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.






There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31
 2019
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.














The following table and text sets forth the names and ages of all our directors and executive officers and our key management personnel as of June 21
 2021. All of our directors serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified
 or until their earlier death
 retirement
 resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board and are elected or appointed to serve until the next meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of stockholders. Also provided is a brief description of the business experience of each director and executive officer and the key management personnel during the past five years and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws.































 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board

Joey Firestone has served as our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board since May 2019. &nbsp;Previously
 Mr. Firestone served as our Director and Secretary beginning on February of 2018. &nbsp;A graduate of University of Miami with a B.B.A
 Mr. Firestone has over 12 years of experience in operating and growing successful businesses. He was the founder and CEO of the sports nutrition company Gifted Nutrition from 2014 to 2016
 which grew into over 40 countries in less than 3 years. Founder and managing member of luxury concierge company 305 Degrees from 2007 to 2018
 which was named to Inc. 500's fastest growing private companies and top 5 travel and hospitality companies on the Inc. 5000 list in 2013. His experience in operating companies
 ingredient formulations
 knowledge of international markets
 and marketing of sport nutrition make him a great candidate for the Company.


 Director

Laya Clark has served as a Director since February of 2018. &nbsp;works with some of the largest ingredient suppliers in the industry
 including IMCD (formerly ET Horn)
 Compound Solutions
 and DuPont Danisco. Mr. Clark&#8217;s experience includes product knowledge of an array of bioactive ingredients that can add clinically documented health enhancing effects. Works with some of the largest ingredient suppliers in the industry and has over 21 years of marketing and sales experience in sports nutrition. Mr. Clark also has valuable manufacturing knowledge and maintains key industry contacts.&#160; He plays a key role in identifying key ingredients that provide differentiating value to products by supporting immune
 digestive
 cardiovascular
 and/or bone health. Mr. Clark is a graduate of Amherst College with a B.B.A. and a Masters in Sport Management from the University of Massachusetts.


 (Former Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Director)

Jon McKenzie served as our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Director until May 7
 2019. &nbsp;Mr. McKenzie has extensive history and skills pertaining to startup companies
 with a proven track record of growth and success across various industries. Over the last five years Jon has been involved with multiple start-ups and driving the operations for those start-ups as CEO or as an integral part of the executive team running the company. Founding member and CEO of Dynix Diagnostic
 a privately held full service clinical laboratory that has 13 subspecialties under its CLIA license
 since May 2016. CEO
 partner and Chairmen of the board from Feb 2014 to June 2017 of Apex Behavioral Health
 a privately held healthcare company that had multiple levels of care being offered to it's patients for drug and alcohol abuse. Partner and executive chef of privately held meal delivery service
 2019
 Mr. McKenzie resigned as an Officer and Director of Elite Performance Holding Corp. due to ongoing health issues.



Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board
 except to the extent governed by an employment agreement.



To the best of our knowledge
 during the past ten years
 none of the following occurred with respect to our present or former director
 executive officer
 or employee: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order
 judgment or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily 


enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the SEC or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended or vacated.



Our Board did not hold any meetings during the most recently completed fiscal year end. Various matters were approved by written consent
 which in each case was executed by the Board.



We do not currently have a compensation committee
 nominating committee
 or stock plan committee.



We do not have a separately designated standing audit committee. The entire Board performs the functions of an audit committee
 but no written charter governs the actions of the Board when performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The Board approves the selection of our independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition
 the Board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants
 reviews with management and the independent accountants our annual operating results
 considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor.



Our Board does not maintain a nominating committee. As a result
 no written charter governs the director nomination process. Our size and the size of our Board
 at this time
 do not require a separate nominating committee.

When evaluating director nominees
 our directors consider the following factors:



the knowledge
 skills and experience of nominees
 including experience in finance
 administration or public service
 in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge
 skills and experience already possessed by other members of the Board;&#160;






Other than the foregoing
 there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees
 although the Board may also consider such other factors as it may deem are in our best interests as well as our stockholders. In addition
 the Board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of the Board willing to continue in service. Current members of the Board with skills and experience that are relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the Board does not wish to continue in service or if the Board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election
 the Board then identifies the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the Board are polled for suggestions as to individuals meeting the criteria described above. The Board may also engage in research to identify qualified individuals. To date
 we have not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees
 although we reserve the right in the future to retain a third-party search firm
 if necessary.



Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019
 were timely.



 Chief Financial Officer
 Chief Accounting Officer or Controller
 or persons performing similar functions. &#160;Because we have only limited business operations and officers and directors
 we believe a code of ethics would have limited utility. We intend to adopt such a code of ethics as our business operations expand and we have more directors
 officers and employees.









The following is a discussion of our program for compensating our named executive officers and directors. Currently
 we do not have a compensation committee
 and as such
 our board of directors is responsible for determining the compensation of our named executive officers.



The primary goals of our policy of executive compensation are to attract and retain the most talented and dedicated executives possible
 to assure that our executives are compensated effectively in a manner consistent with our strategy and competitive practice and to align executive compensation with the achievement of our short- and long-term business objectives.

The Board considers a variety of factors in determining compensation of executives
 including their particular background and circumstances
 such as their training and prior relevant work experience
 their success in attracting and retaining savvy and technically proficient managers and employees
 increasing our revenues
 broadening our product line offerings
 managing our costs and otherwise helping to lead our Company through a period of rapid growth.

In the near future
 we expect that our Board will form a compensation committee charged with the oversight of executive compensation plans
 policies and programs of our Company and with the full authority to determine and approve the compensation of our chief executive officer and make recommendations with respect to the compensation of our other executive officers. We expect that our compensation committee will continue to follow the general approach to executive compensation that we have followed to date
 rewarding superior individual and company performance with commensurate compensation.



 we do not have any additional employees besides management. Employee agreements are only in place for Joey Firestone. Officers are devoting their time to the company in developing our products. Management is presently reviewing the near-term possibility of engaging qualified
 full-time personnel to assist in developing and marketing our products. We may use non-employee consultants to assist us in formulating a research and development strategy
 for designing
 equipping and staffing future manufacturing facilities and for business development. We may find it necessary to periodically hire part-time clerical help on an as-needed basis.



 as well as universities and research institutions. Our business could be materially harmed if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified administrative and executive personnel to support our expanding activities
 or if one or more members of our management staff were unable or unwilling to continue their association with us.



Currently
 we do not provide any Company sponsored retirement benefits to any employee
 including the named executive officers.




 but do believe that perquisites can be useful in attracting
 motivating and retaining the executive talent for which we compete. It is expected that our historical practices regarding perquisites will continue and will be subject to periodic review by our board of directors.



The following table presents information regarding compensation of our principal executive officer
 for services rendered during years ended 2019 and 2018
 respectively.



























$100
000










$100
000 

CEO
 CFO &amp; Chairman




$ 60
000










$60
000 &#160;

Jon McKenzie
 Former CEO
 

 Former Director














































The following table sets forth certain information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership as of June 21
 2021
 by (i) all persons who are beneficial owners of five percent (5%) or more of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 (ii) each director and nominee
 (iii) the executive officers
 and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group.





















Joey Firestone
 Chairman
 CEO and CFO (3)

25
000
000




Laya Clark
 Director

1
000
000













26
000
000
















000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 $0.0001 par value
 which may be issued from time to time and bearing such rights
 privileges and preferences as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. &#160;


000
000 Series A preferred which carries super voting rights. Each preferred share carries 20 votes.

000
000 Series X convertible preferred which convert at a ratio of 1:10 preferred to common stock.


 2017
 Elite Beverage International Corp had issued 10
000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 designated as series A &#8220;Cumulative Preference &#8216;A&#8217;
 for $1
000. The 25
000
000 designated as series X have not been issued.

Unless otherwise indicated
 the address of each beneficial owner listed above is c/o Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 Ave Suite M704 Miami
 FL 33137.&#160;

Based on a total of 64
924
300 shares of common stock outstanding on December 31
 2019.

Mr. Firestone also owns 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s Super Voting Series A Preferred Stock
 which give him majority voting control of the Company.&#160;





Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



In 2018
 the company advanced $30
000 to Gifted Nutrition International
 with a maturity date of August 2019. Gifted Nutrition International is a company that is owned and operated by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie. In October 2018 the company elected to write this off to compensation expense.in exchange for utilization of the BYLT logo and trademark.
Joey Firestone was paid $40
000 in compensation during 2018.





 2017
 Elite Beverage International issued an unsecured note payable for $80
300 to&#160;Jon McKenzie at a 6% interest rate
 due upon demand. An addendum to the note was added in 2018 for an additional $127
637 in funding which was received in various advances throughout the year.


 2019
 Jon McKenzie advanced a total of $2
000 for operating expenses of the company
 which was added to the addendum. As of December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2019
 the outstanding balance was $207
937 and $209
937
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 the accrued interest was $22
797. Interest expense for this note for the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 was $12
294 and $10
502 respectively.

 2018 and 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Jon Mckenzie for operating expenses of the company of $208
135 and $198
914 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party.

 2018 and 2019
 we had $36
000 and $27
000 respectively in consulting expense to &#8220;I Know a Dude
 Inc.&#8221; owned by Laya Clark. Mr. Clark is a member of our Board of Directors. As of December 31
 2018 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $9
000 and $36
000 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &#160;&#160;

 2018 and 2019 we had $6
150 and $4
500 in accounting expense respectively to &#8220;The Mosely Group.&#8221; owned by Reesa McKenzie. Ms. McKenzie is the sister of John McKenzie. As of December 31
 2018 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $4
500 and $4
500 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &#160;&#160;

 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Joey Firestone of $5
958 for un-reimbursed business expensed. We also had an outstanding balance due to Joey Firestone of $38
396 for consulting services
 which is included in accounts payable related party.

On June 14
 2019
 Laya Clark (a member of our Board of Directors) entered into an advisor service agreement for one year for one million shares of restricted 144 stock that was issued on October 3
 2019. 




The common stock of the Company is not currently quoted on the OTC Markets. &nbsp;However
 if we obtain a trading symbol
 our intention is to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Sheets
 which is a quotation system that currently does not have director independence requirements. &#160;On an annual basis
 each director and executive officer will be obligated to disclose any transactions with the Company in which a director or executive officer
 or any member of his or her immediate family
 have a direct or indirect material interest in accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. Following completion of these disclosures
 the Board will make an annual determination as to the independence of each director using the current standards for &#8220;independence&#8221; that satisfy the criteria for the NASDAQ.


 the Company does not have any independent directors.



The following table presents the aggregate fees for professional audit services and other services rendered our independent registered public accountants
 M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC for audits and reviews performed for the years ended December 31
 2019 and from January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018. Fees for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 were as follows:










16
500


20
000












































16
500


20
000



. &#160;This category includes the audit of the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements
 and reviews of the financial statements included in the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. It also includes advice on accounting matters that arose during
 or as a result of
 the audit or the review of interim financial statements
 and services which are normally provided in connection with regulatory filings
 or in an auditing engagement.

Audit Related Fees
 tax and other fees















Articles of Incorporation of Elite Beverage International Corp.
 as amended
 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Articles of Incorporation of Registrant
 as amended
 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Bylaws of Registrant
 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Contribution and Assignment Agreement dated February 2
 2018
 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Ingredient Studies (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



GBS Growth Partners Documentation (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Limited Exclusivity Agreement dated September 1
 2018 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Jon McKenzie (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Joey Firestone (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on January 30
 2019)



Term Sheet dated January 9
2019 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



Convertible Note dated January 9
 2019 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



Board minutes dated January 3
 2019 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



SPA dated December 10
 2019 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



Convertible Note dated December 10
 2018 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



Board minutes dated December 9
 2018 (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)



Advisory Service Agreement (previously filed as an exhibit to the S-1/A filed on February 13
 2019)


































Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.














Dated: June 21
 2021











CEO
 CFO and Chairman














Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated and by signature hereto.

















June 21
 2021













































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










I
 Joey Firestone
 certify that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiary
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation
 and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and



The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors:


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 21
 2021

















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.










I
 Joey Firestone
 certify that:





Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiary
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation
 and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and



The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors:


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.


Date: June 21
 2021


















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.








CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED


&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the dates indicated below
 each hereby certify
 pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of their knowledge:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.








June 21
 2021


















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.







CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED


&#8221;)
 on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the dates indicated below
 each hereby certify
 pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of their knowledge:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.








June 21
 2021























 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.elite.com/20191231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.elite.com/20191231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt















































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2018 (inception) and is a holding company with anticipated holdings in companies centered on innovative and proprietary nutritional and dietary fitness enhancement products
 that are in the sports performance
 weight loss
 nutritional
 functional beverage and energy markets. The team is composed of highly experienced business
 marketing and sales executives in the beverage and nutritional space
 who are passionate about health and nutrition.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The mission of Elite Performance Holdings Corp. is to aggressively seek and acquire companies with niche products that are first to market and can be exploited in the 35 billion dollar nutritional and sport beverage industries. The goal of EPH is to effectuate its unique business model through strategic branding and marketing
 to aggressively scale companies to size
 and operate them efficiently to maximize growth
 revenue production and eventual net income. On February 2
 2018
 a contribution and assignment agreement was executed by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Assignors&amp;#148;)
 and Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &amp;#147;Assignee&amp;#148;). Whereas Firestone and McKenzie were the owners of 50
000
000 shares of common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 for a total of 100
000
000 shares of common stock (collectively
 the &amp;#147;Shares&amp;#148;) of Elite Beverage International Corp.
 a Nevada corporation (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 which shares represented all authorized
 issued and outstanding shares of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Elite Beverage International is a 100% wholly owned subsidiary of Elite Performance Holding Corp. Elite Beverage is currently producing a first of its kind functional sports beverage. Beyond Your Limit Training (B.Y.L.T.) sports drink is the first to combine the benefits of hydration
 muscle repair
 fat oxidation
 and recovery all-in-one great tasting beverage. Whether you are looking to achieve optimal performance on the baseball field
 basketball court
 soccer field
 in the gym or any competitive sport
 BYLT&amp;#174; provides the competitive edge every athlete actively seeks. &amp;#160;This unique product is designed with scientifically dosed key ingredients to bridge the gap between the current sports drinks filled with sugars that have serve no function
 hydration beverages and dietary supplements
 without the crash from sugars and jitters from caffeine which eventually leads to a decrease in performance for athletes. BYLT&amp;#174; is not only designed to enhance performance and support the intense physical demand of athletes but be safe and backed by science.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Our Products and Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Elite Beverages will offer&amp;#160;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;a first to market functional beverage that redefines hydration and performance drinks using a patent pending amino/carbohydrate combination. The SmartCarb&amp;#174; technology blend provides a unique benefit of hydration
 endurance and sustained energy without caffeine
 the crash of sugars
 and without artificial flavors or colors&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;making it the ideal sports beverage for health-conscious consumers and serious athletes alike. BYLT&amp;#174; will introduce two flavors upon launch while planning to strategically introduce additional 6 flavors to support the launch after three to nine months of operation. These flavors will include Raspberry lemonade
 Tropical Punch
 Lemon Lime
 Green Apple
 Watermelon
 Grape


 which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had an accumulated deficit of ($2
434
098). The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management
 its ability to generate profits from the Company&amp;#146; s future operations
 identify future investment opportunities and obtain the necessary debt or equity financing. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounting Methods&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a calendar year-end.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the Company
 and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. The Company has made certain reclassification adjustments to conform prior periods&amp;#146; Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements to the current presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;We maintain the majority of our cash accounts at a commercial bank. The total cash balance is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) up to $250
000 per commercial bank. For purposes of the statement of cash flows we consider all cash and highly liquid investments with initial maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;We grant credit to our customers located within the United States of America; and do not require collateral. Our ability to collect receivables is affected by economic fluctuations in the geographic areas and industries served by us. The allowance for doubtful trade receivables was $4
217 as of December 31
 2019
 and $0 as of December 31
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average cost or market value. Our industry experiences change in technology
 changes in market value and availability of raw materials
 as well as changing customer demand. We make provisions for estimated excess and obsolete inventories based on regular audits and cycle counts of our on-hand inventory levels and forecasted customer demands and at times additional provisions are made. Any inventory write offs are charged to the reserve account. As of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018
 we had no reserve for potentially obsolete inventory. We had $152
330 and $139
140 in inventory as of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Prepaid Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;We had $2
638 and $2
928 in prepaid inventory and insurance as of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:6pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:6pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period including convertible debt
 stock options
 and warrants
 using the treasury stock method
 and convertible securities
 using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS
 the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company had net losses as of December 31
 2019
 so the diluted EPS excluded all dilutive potential shares in the diluted EPS because their effect is anti-dilutive. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had $341
500 in convertible notes that may be converted into 6
830
000 shares of common stock. We also had 16
994
000 shares to be issued as of December 31
 2019. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The carrying number of accounts payable and accrued expenses are considered to be representative of their respective fair values because of the short-term nature of these financial instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefits for research and development employees
 stock-based compensation
 consulting fees
 lab supplies
 and regulatory compliance costs. For the Year ended December 31
 2019
 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $124 and $77
608 respectively in R&amp;amp;D expense.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Effective January 1
 2018
 the Company adopted ASC 606 &amp;#151;&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606
 the Company recognizes revenue from the commercial sales of products
 licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The company&amp;#146;s main source of revenue comes from online sales with the primary stream coming from Amazon. Amounts invoiced or collected in advance of product delivery or providing services are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company accrues for warranty costs
 sales returns
 bad debts
 and other allowances based on its historical experience. For the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $35
820 and $9
900 respectively in revenue from the sale of our products.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Federal Income taxes are not currently due since we have had losses since inception.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;On December 22
 2017
 H.R. 1
 originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &amp;#147;Tax Act&amp;#148;) was enacted. &amp;#160;Among the significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code
 the Tax Act lowers the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate (&amp;#147;Federal Tax Rate&amp;#148;) from 35% to 21% effective&amp;#160;January 1
 2018. &amp;#160;The Company will compute its income tax expense for the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through&amp;#160;December 31
 2019
 using a Federal Tax Rate of 21%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Income taxes are provided based upon the liability method of accounting pursuant to ASC 740-10-25&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#150;&amp;#160;Recognition.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under this approach
 deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end. &amp;#160;A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if management does not believe the Company has met the &amp;#147;more likely than not&amp;#148; standard required by ASC 740-10-25-5.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Deferred income tax amounts reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 we had a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately $(2
434
098) and a deferred tax asset of $511
161 using the statutory rate of 21%. The deferred tax asset may be recognized in future periods
 not to exceed 20 years.&amp;#160; However
 due to the uncertainty of future events we have booked valuation allowance of $(511
161). &amp;#160;FASB ASC 740 prescribes recognition threshold and measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FASB ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. As of December 31
 2019
 the Company had not taken any tax positions that would require disclosure under FASB ASC 740.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:176pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:174pt&apos;&gt;511
161&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:163pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:161pt&apos;&gt;147
470&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:176pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:174pt&apos;&gt;(511
161)&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;width:163pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:161pt&apos;&gt;(147
470)&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:14.4pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:176pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:174pt&apos;&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:163pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:3px double #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:161pt&apos;&gt;-&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:6pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company records stock-based compensation using the fair value method. Equity instruments issued to employees and the cost of the services received as consideration are accounted for in accordance with ASC 718 &amp;#147;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; and are measured and recognized based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. All transactions with non-employees in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for in accordance with ASC 515 &amp;#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees&amp;#148;
 based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued
 whichever is more reliably measurable.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Periodically the Company assesses potential impairment of its long-lived assets
 which include property
 equipment and acquired intangible assets
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360
 &amp;#147;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&amp;#148; The Company recognizes impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets&amp;#146; carrying values. An impairment loss would be recognized in the amount by which the recorded value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset
 measured by the quoted market price of an asset or an estimate based on the best information available in the circumstances. There were no such losses recognized during the Years ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Equipment and Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Property and equipment are carried at cost
 less accumulated depreciation. Additions are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Intangible assets consist of acquired web site domains and web site content and are carried at cost
 less accumulated amortization.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Depreciation and amortization are provided principally on the straight-line basis method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company is reviewing the effects of following recent updates.&amp;#160; The Company has no expectation that any of these items will have a material effect upon the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;i&gt;FASB ASU 2016-02 &amp;#147;Leases (Topic 842)&amp;#148; &amp;#150;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. &amp;#160;For income statement purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines. &amp;#160;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model but has been updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have adopted the above ASU as of December 31
 2019. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#F4F6F8&apos;&gt;Update 2019-08&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &lt;/font&gt;In June 2018
 the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-07
 Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 as part of its Simplification Initiative. This Update is effective for companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above


 which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had an accumulated deficit of ($2
434
098). The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management
 its ability to generate profits from the Company&amp;#146; s future operations
 identify future investment opportunities and obtain the necessary debt or equity financing. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounting Methods&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a calendar year-end.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:5pt;margin-bottom:5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and operations of the Company




217 as of December 31
 2019
 and $0 as of December 31


 changes in market value and availability of raw materials
 as well as changing customer demand. We make provisions for estimated excess and obsolete inventories based on regular audits and cycle counts of our on-hand inventory levels and forecasted customer demands and at times additional provisions are made. Any inventory write offs are charged to the reserve account. As of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018
 we had no reserve for potentially obsolete inventory. We had $152
330 and $139
140 in inventory as of December 31
 2019
 and December 31


 stock options
 and warrants
 using the treasury stock method
 and convertible securities
 using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS
 the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company had net losses as of December 31
 2019
 so the diluted EPS excluded all dilutive potential shares in the diluted EPS because their effect is anti-dilutive. As of December 31
 2019
 the company had $341
500 in convertible notes that may be converted into 6
830
000 shares of common stock. We also had 16
994
000 shares to be issued as of December 31

	

 stock-based compensation
 consulting fees
 lab supplies
 and regulatory compliance costs. For the Year ended December 31
 2019
 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $124 and $77

	

 2018
 the Company adopted ASC 606 &amp;#151;&amp;#160;Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606
 the Company recognizes revenue from the commercial sales of products
 licensing agreements and contracts to perform pilot studies by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The company&amp;#146;s main source of revenue comes from online sales with the primary stream coming from Amazon. Amounts invoiced or collected in advance of product delivery or providing services are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company accrues for warranty costs
 sales returns
 bad debts
 and other allowances based on its historical experience. For the year ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (inception) through December 31
 2018 we had $35
820 and $9


 2019 and December 31
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;December 31
 2018&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:176pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:174pt&apos;&gt;511
161&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; bgcolor=&quot;#80FFFF&quot; style=&apos;width:163pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;font:8pt Arial;margin-left:7pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/kbd&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:161pt&apos;&gt;147
470&amp;#160;&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=&apos;height:13.8pt&apos;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:176pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:174pt&apos;&gt;(511
161)&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;middle&quot; style=&apos;width:163pt;padding:0.75pt;border-bottom:0.5pt solid #000000&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:161pt&apos;&gt;(147

	
	
	
	
	
	

 based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued


 which include property
 equipment and acquired intangible assets
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 360
 &amp;#147;Property
 Plant and Equipment.&amp;#148; The Company recognizes impairment losses on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets&amp;#146; carrying values. An impairment loss would be recognized in the amount by which the recorded value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset
 measured by the quoted market price of an asset or an estimate based on the best information available in the circumstances. There were no such losses recognized during the Years ended December 31
 2019 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31


 Equipment and Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Property and equipment are carried at cost
 less accumulated depreciation. Additions are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Intangible assets consist of acquired web site domains and web site content and are carried at cost


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 which requires lessees to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. &amp;#160;For income statement purposes
 the FASB retained a dual model
 requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting
 but without explicit bright lines. &amp;#160;Lessor accounting is similar to the current model but has been updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have adopted the above ASU as of December 31
 2019. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:6pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#F4F6F8&apos;&gt;Update 2019-08&amp;#151;Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) &lt;/font&gt;In June 2018
 the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-07
 Compensation&amp;#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 as part of its Simplification Initiative. This Update is effective for companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;All new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above


 the company advanced $30
000 to Gifted Nutrition International
 with a maturity date of August 2019. Gifted Nutrition International is a company that is owned and operated by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie. In October 2018 the company elected to write this off to compensation expense.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Joey Firestone was paid $40
000 in compensation during 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts and Notes Payable related party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On November 15
 2017
 Elite Beverage International issued an unsecured note payable for $80
300 to&amp;#160;Jon McKenzie at a 6% interest rate
 due upon demand. An addendum to the note was added in 2018 for an additional $127
637 in funding which was received in various advances throughout the year.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;For the Year ended December 31
 2019
 Jon McKenzie advanced a total of $2
000 for operating expenses of the company
 which was added to the addendum. As of December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2019
 the outstanding balance was $207
937 and $209
937
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019
 the accrued interest was $22
797. Interest expense for this note for the year ended December 31
 2019
 and the period January 30
 2018 (Inception) through December 31
 2018
 was $12
294 and $10
502 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Jon Mckenzie for operating expenses of the company of $208
135 and $198
914 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had $36
000 and $27
000 respectively in consulting expense to &amp;#147;I Know a Dude
 Inc.&amp;#148; owned by Laya Clark. Mr. Clark is a member of our Board of Directors. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $9
000 and $36
000 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2018
 and 2019 we had $6
150 and $4
500 in accounting expense respectively to &amp;#147;The Mosely Group.&amp;#148; owned by Reesa McKenzie. Ms. McKenzie is the sister of John McKenzie. As of December 31
 2018
 and 2019
 we had an outstanding balance due of $4
500 and $4
500 respectively
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2019
 we had outstanding balances due to Joey Firestone of $5
957 for un-reimbursed business expenses. We also had an outstanding balance due to Joey Firestone of $38
396 for consulting services
 which is included in accounts payable related party. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;On June 14
 2019
 Laya Clark (a member of our board of directors) entered into an advisor service agreement for one year for 1
000
000 shares of restricted 144 stock that was issued on October 3


000
000 Shares of Common Stock par value $0.0001 as of the December 31
 2017 audit for Elite Beverage International. However
 Elite Performance Holding Corp. is now the successor company and as of December 31
 2019 now reflects 465
000
000 (Four Hundred Sixty-Five Million) shares authorized par value $0.0001. For the period ended December 31
 2017
 the Elite Beverage International Corp. issued 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock for $19
000 to its management.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On February 2
 2018
 Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 owned and controlled by Firestone and McKenzie
 acquired Elite Beverage International through a 1:2 common share exchange as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;a). 50
000
000 common shares of Elite Performance Holding Corp. in exchange for 100
000
000 common shares of Elite Beverage International Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shares Registered in the S-1 Registration Statement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 the company has raised $954
200 (2
090
000 shares issued and 16
994
000 of shares to be issued) through a registered offering for $1
250
000 which was registered with the SEC through an S1 registration statement which went effective on April 23
 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Shares issued&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On November 9
 2018
 we issued 40
000 shares of common stock at $.05 per share which were subscribed for on October 9
 2018 for $2
000. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC Rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 13
 2018
 the company issued 400
000 shares of restricted common stock for financing fees. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the private placement) due to the lack of market activity and related price.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 18
 2018
 we issued 250
000 shares of restricted common stock per an agreement with Carter
 Terry &amp;amp; Associates. These shares are restricted
 and subject to SEC rule 144. We valued the shares at $.05 (price of the shares issued in the private placement) due to the lack of market activity and related price.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 7
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors.&amp;#160;On January 17
 2019
 the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. These shares were valued at $20
000
 which was recorded to debt discount.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On October 9
 2018
 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. As of December 31
 2019
 these shares were unissued. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On October 22
 2018
 we received $2
000 for a subscription for 40
000 shares of common stock. These shares were issued in 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;In 2019 we issued 2
090
000 common subscription shares to accredited investors for cash in the amount of 104
500. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;In 2019 we issued 3
660
000 common shares for services (consulting and advertising) valued at $183
001.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 we had 16
994
000 shares to be issued in the amount of $849
700 from stock subscriptions to accredited individuals.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;In 2019 we issued 500
000 of common shares for financing and commitment fees in the amount of $25
000.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On June 26
 2019
 First Fire elected to convert the remaining balance of $124
715 of the note dated December 10
 2018 for restricted shares at .05 cents a share thereby retiring the original note in full
 the total shares to be issued was 2
494
300
 which were subsequently issued on July 3
 2019. No gain or loss was recorded on the conversion as the transaction was performed within the terms of the debt agreement. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 4
 2019
 we entered into a convertible note payable for $189
000. It bears interest at the rate of 8% per annum. It had an OID of $9
000. We also issued 500
000 shares of common stock and expensed it at $.05 as commitment fees for 25
000.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 we had consulting agreements that had shares to be issued
 for a total of 60
440 shares. The vesting expense for these shares was $3
022 for the nine months ended December 31
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;None.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-left:18pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 - PREFERRED STOCK&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:9.75pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company has authorized a total of 35
000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 $.0001 par value
 which may be issued from time to time and bearing such rights
 privileges and preferences as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. &amp;#160;As of December 31
 2017
 Elite Beverage International Corp had issued 10
000
000 Shares of Preferred Stock
 designated as series A &amp;#147;Cumulative Preference &amp;#145;A&amp;#146;
 for $1
000.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:9.75pt;margin-bottom:0pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;10
000
000 Series A preferred which carries super voting rights. Each preferred share carries 20 votes.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On February 2
 2018
 Elite Performance Holding Corp.
 owned and controlled by Firestone and McKenzie
 acquired Elite Beverage International through a 1:1 preferred share exchange as follows. 10
000
000 Series A preferred shares of Elite Performance Holdings Corp. in exchange for 10
000


 the Company has recently accumulated significant losses and has negative working capital. All of these items raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&apos;s plans with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt about the Company&apos;s ability to continue as a going concern are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;The Company is currently trying to raise new debt or equity to set up and market its line sports beverage products. If the Company is not successful in the development and implementation of a concept which produces positive cash flows from operations
 the Company may be forced to continue to raise additional equity or debt financing to fund its ongoing obligations or risk ceasing doing business.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve its business plans


 2018
 the Company closed on an Stock Exchange Agreement (&amp;#147;SEA&amp;#148;) with Elite Beverage International Corp. Pursuant to the SEA
 we purchased all of Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie&amp;#146;s 100
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares in Elite Beverage International Corp.
 which gave the Company ownership of all of its assets and liabilities in exchange for 50
000
000 common shares and 10
000
000 preferred shares of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;Elite Beverage was formed on November 29
 2017 (inception) and is currently producing a first of its kind functional sports beverage. BYLT&amp;#174; (Beyond Your Limit Training) sports drink is the first to combine the benefits of hydration
 muscle repair
 fat oxidation
 and recovery all-in-one great tasting beverage. Whether you are looking to achieve optimal performance on the baseball field
 basketball court
 soccer field
 in the gym or any competitive sport
 BYLT&amp;#174; provides the competitive edge every athlete actively seeks. This unique product is designed with scientifically dosed key ingredients to bridge the gap between the current sports drinks filled with sugars that have serve no function
 hydration beverages and dietary supplements
 without the crash from sugars and jitters from caffeine which eventually leads to a decrease in performance for athletes. BYLT&amp;#174; is not only designed to enhance performance and support the intense physical demand of athletes but be safe and backed by science.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;This acquisition was accounted for as an acquisition by entities under common control due to the fact that both Elite Performance Holdings Corp. and Elite Beverage International Corp. were and continue to be commonly held by Joey Firestone and Jon McKenzie. The ownership structure of the Company did not change as a result nor did any of its officer&amp;#146;s change positions.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;As the assets acquired were from an entity under common control
 the assets from Elite Beverage International Corp. have been combined at historical cost for all periods presented
 with no step-up in basis. See below for the recognition entry for the stock issued for the acquisition:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:232.25pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Additional paid-in-capital&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:52pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:50pt&apos;&gt;6
000&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:232.25pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Common stock
 based on par value of $0.0001&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:52pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:50pt&apos;&gt;(5
000&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:232.25pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;Preferred stock
 based on par value of $0.0001&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:52pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&lt;kbd style=&apos;position:absolute;text-align:right;font:8pt Arial;width:50pt&apos;&gt;(1
000&lt;/kbd&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;)&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:232.25pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.75pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:6pt;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0.75pt&apos;&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;Also pursuant to ASC Section 805-50-45
 financial statements and financial information presented for the period ended have been retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information. Therefore
 the accompanying combined financial statements as of and for the period from January 30
 2018 (inception) to December 31
 2019 present the combined financial position and results of operations of the Company and Elite Beverage International Corp. despite the acquisition occurring on February 2
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;Intercompany transactions occurred on or after January 30
 2018 have been eliminated. Likewise
 for the period from January 30
 2018 through February 2
 2018
 effects of any intra-entity transactions (between the Company and Elite Beverage International Corp.) have been eliminated


 2019
 we entered into a production funding line of credit agreement with Gourmet Growth LLC. And received an initial advance of $150
000. This was paid in full during the year ended December 31
 2019 and the outstanding balance at December 31
 2019 was $0.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#150;&amp;#160;CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 10
 2018 we entered into a Senior Secured Promissory note with First Fire Global Opportunities Fund
 LLC in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of May 10
 2019. The note carries a prepayment feature and a default provision that allows
 in the event of default
 for a conversion of debt into equity at a fixed price of $.05
 or if publicly traded
 at the rate of the lesser of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the 20 previous trading days from the notice of conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. On April 30
 2019 we paid $62
500 and on May 14
 2019 we paid an additional $7
500
 bringing the outstanding balance to $87
500 and as a result we incurred a prepayment penalty of $30
000. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;On June 26
 2019
 First Fire elected to convert the remaining balance including a prepayment penalty of $117
500 plus accrued interest of $7
215 for a total of $124
715 of the note dated December 10
 2018 for restricted shares at .05 cents a share thereby retiring the original note in full
 the total shares to be issued was 2
494
300
 which were subsequently issued on July 3
 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 12
 2018
 the Company issued 400
000 shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares are restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. This note had $25
500 in original discount and $20
000 in discount for the 400
000 shares issued. The original debt discount was $45
500; we amortized $40
250 for the year ended December 31
 2019 and we had a remaining debt discount of $0 as of December 31
 2019&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 7
 2019
 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $157
500 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors.&amp;#160;On January 17
 2019 the Company issued 400
000 &amp;#160;&amp;nbsp;shares of common stock in consideration for the execution of this note. These shares restricted and subject to SEC Rule 144. These shares were valued at $20
000. This note also included an original discount fee of $ $7
500
 we amortized $27
199 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $301 as of December 31
 2019. On May 14
 2019 we paid $5
000 of principal on this note and as of December 31
 2019 the outstanding balance was $152
500. &lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On March 28
 2019 we issued a convertible promissory note to David Stoccardo in the amount of $7
875 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of January 8
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. This note included an original discount fee of $375
 we amortized $375 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $0 as of December 31
 2019. On April 26
 2019 this note was paid in full.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On December 4
 2019
 we entered into a convertible promissory note in the amount of $189
000
 with an interest rate of 8% per annum and a maturity date of December 4
 2020. The note carries a prepayment feature or is convertible 180 days from the date of the note
 at a fixed price of $.05 or if publicly traded at the rate of the lessor of $.05 or the lowest of 65% of the lowest closing bid price for 3 trading days previous to the conversion or based on any subsequent financings with better terms to other investors. This note included an original discount fee of $9
000
 we amortized $616 during the year ended December 31
 2019 and had an outstanding balance of $189
000 as of December 31
 2019. We also issued 500
000 commitment shares valued at $25
000 on December 11
 2019 and recorded to debt discount. We amortized $1
712 for the year ended December 31

	

 2018
 the Company&apos;s trade accounts receivables from one customer represented approximately 94% of its accounts receivable.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company received approximately 65% of its revenue from one customer.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019
 the Company&apos;s trade accounts receivables were $0 and no concentrations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0&apos;&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2019


 2019
 the Company&apos;s inventory was $152
330
 which consisted of $152
330 in raw material and $0 in finished goods.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:27pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:27pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2018
 the Company&apos;s inventory was $139
140
 which consisted of $23
397 in raw material and $115


 and reported the following events:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On September 4
 2020
 the Company reduced their debt by $232
733 with the retirement of two 6% interest bearing notes for $178
842 and $53
891 collectively. These two notes held by the Company&amp;#146;s former CEO
 COO and Board Director Jon McKenzie were forgiven after his departure.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:8pt;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On January 14
 2021
 the Company raised $208
800 and fully subscribed its $1
250
000 offering at .05 cents a share through its S-1 Registration Statement&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2019 to May 22
 2021
 the Company has issued a total of 32
352
000 shares of common stock. Issuances were a combination of registered shares issued for subscription agreements related to the Company&amp;#146;s registered offering and restricted shares issued to consultants
 endorsing athletes
 and debt. &amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p align=&quot;justify&quot; style=&apos;margin:0;margin-right:40.5pt&apos;&gt;On August 01
 2020
 the Company entered into an Exclusivity Agreement between its wholly owned subsidiary Elite Beverage International Corp. and Bruce Kneller for exclusive rights on a patent pending SmartCarb&lt;font style=&apos;background-color:#FFFFFF&apos;&gt;&amp;#174;&lt;/font&gt; technology (US Patent Application No. 16/785



			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			
			



		


		




				


				
















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.elite.com/20191231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt










		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		




		




		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		



 35
000
000 shares authorized
 10
000
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31



		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		




		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		




		


		


		


		



 at Carrying Value


 at Carrying Value


 at Carrying Value



		






		






		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		






		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		




		


		






		


		


		


		




		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		



 465
000
000 shares authorized
 64
924
300 and 55
780
000 issued and outstanding as of December 31











		


		


		


		
		


		






		


		






		















 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.elite.com/20191231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				




				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				
















































































































































































begin 644 elite615201910k_1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0  2 !(  #_X0!T17AI9@  34T *@    @ ! $:  4
M   !    /@$;  4    !    1@$H  
    !  (  (=I  0    !    3@
M      !(     0   $@    !  *@ @ $     0   H^@ P $     0   9D

M 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0,# @0#!04$!    7T!
M @, !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4,H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S8G*0H6%Q@9&B4F


G*TM/4




 @,% P,#!08%!04%!@@&
M!@8&!@@* @( @(@H*@H*@H
# P
# P.#@X.#@\/#P\/#P\/#P__VP!#

M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!#_W0 $ G_V@ , P$  A$#$0 _ /WXHHHH
M,PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Y;QC
MX*\+^/\ 16\.^
+!=2TYW20PNSJZ'*G*%3Q]:ZFB@#+T31=+\.:/9Z!HEN+
M6PT^)(((E)(2-!A5!8DG ]36I110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5@Z_P#Z
MNT_Z[_\ M-ZWJP=?_P!7:?\ 7?\ ]IO5T_B0,__0_?BBBB@SBBB@ HHHH *



M?XJ6L1M+&]Y\Q9&CZ\;6!/3ZBO6*\T^*%O)+HUO
@)6&8%L#( *D9/IS6U#X






&_VF?@1XJV+I?C*Q22
M3HERYM7SZ8F5[%8:UHVJ+OTR_@NU]8I5?\ ]!)KRJN%JP^.+7JCLA6A+X6F

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

[7/1**^7M0_:1M+?7F@L=-^TZ2AV^9NVRMZLH/&/0&OH3PWXA
MT[Q5HUOKFE


_]+]^****#
*


M:*YJNHS^.?R1K&O./PR9^A6B_\%%/B7:!5UWP[IFH =3$9;=B/^^G'Z5ZU



CC*G#KST/3^$UTE

MQGIG![USYKE
L






MW

[.WU8YKVKXF:P;7
M3XM)B.&NSN?GD(A_J?Y5X=7;2C:/J2M[C&SN![#-+N7.
TZDP*VYE;45GT $


OEL3R./K4*_''P)_;=SI,E
MR4AMUS]J(S$[ \JN.3]<<_K7P)7?^!_AQXB\=W!&F1B*TC;;)<2<(A]/4GV%
M?.5^&L)#FJ3DU'\CVJ6=XB?+







MW
K?

HHK]52LCXEG3:<IT_0;[5R/GNC]BA/<;@'F8?1
)SU#GTXYFNETW






_MI17S/8]#\



X_

7B'2M.NFMSDI/
M K'IP2-O-7].TCQUJ.H6^NG3[[43:SQDLR.YW(0P7)R:WK\


N^(-.^

8

M * JD


N!@$CT'I7SG$&;O#P4:


MYKXB=67/4=V?94J48+E@K(****Q- K!U_P#U=I_UW_\ :;UO5@Z__J[3_KO_
M .TWJZ?Q(&?_U?WXHHHH

MAIF^2('V+D U^-EU=7%]=37MY(TT]P[22.QRS.YRS$^I)R:^ZX53]E)VZ[GS

M :N3K=\


K2+SZ*W'YBJE%38Y+ELI8XXFD_&,?_%4&V89
M^T!?9E;^F:J446\PN7/LT':[C_$2?_$4[[)%VNXO_'__ (FJ-%%O
+^1;-J@


M*O=@#D-GN .W;KZFLVE'J.044451(5?LU6!X[V9MJHV5'5F*^@














[FP. *_F#UO6M4


M +.
\-O\9/#[SRK$'^U1C=_$\MM*B(.#\S






MK_\ J[3_ *[_ /M-ZWJP=?\ ]7:?]=__ &F]73^) S__UOWXHHHH
PHHHH \
MV^

]N0
G!QZ'I7Y0^$/V\/ASJN
MR'Q=I5YH


MRR=(1*$G_&%]L@_%:]%K^;0$J0RG!'0UZ[X1^/?Q?\#A(_#_ (HO$MX^%@G?
M[3!Z.8.J_\! KIJY&OL2^\FGF;^TC][J*_+3PC^WSXKLMD'C;P[:ZF@P#+




M53J[8#


A9% )'Y
M5\[?M+SW*Z7HMNI(MY)I&8=BRJ-OZ$U^:9?+V^8*3ZN_W'VV+7LL(TNB/D8S

M&&/IG&?I7QUXL]U#Q;IUEXD8+ITSE96V#E3M!;LV*]5^-?CA)[V#P?X:



M226\3[3=.\+%6.
B-02


M' P

M_G-7W%%!-.=L



MRK K](I4XPBHQV1\O*3;NPHHHK0D*MZ?93ZE?VVG6J[IKJ1(D'JSL% _
U4K
MK_!9%MJD^M-PND6TUT&_NRA=D!_[_O'0 OB+79T\77NIZ#=26R6\ODVLL3LC

I@O8'MY5ZK(I1A^!YKY
MZKJ=-\;^+=)B6VL=6N%MTZ0.YD@_&)]R'\5KWJ6-Y4HVV/
G0N[W/4Z*Y&W^


M_ONG?\(EKSMMM+=;XXSBTECN3CZ0LYKJYD9'-UI:-8-JFL6.F+UNYXHA_P #
M8+_6J]U8WMB_E7MO);N.-LB%#^1Q70^AL\01WHZV$-Q=CO\UM\J_\ CRBA
MO0#+\07ZZIKVI:DOW=S-*!Z!W+ ?K611132 **** BBB@ HHHH L6D/VFZ


MI5ZZ5WM8KF92)79E+$8W!0
'W/7)JNUY=OP\[MCU8FIHY/




MWE[H=AKEN2T5@[)*H/ $F
-CV(Q^-?20((R*SM7TV#6-+N]+N5#Q7431L#T^






M%Y23 !./X6P




MB;/X5]Y275S


M3[95GBA2#S=H#E$Z=  
DY. 
]ZZ6BBOAZE64WS2=V?3P@HJT4%%%%04%%%%
M !6#K_\ J[3_ *[_ /M-ZWJP=?\ ]7:?]=__ &F]73^) S__T/WXHHHH
PHH
MK&\1WTVE^']3U*W3?+:VLTJ+ZLB%@/Q(JHQNTA-V5S^;C]MK6]!\0?M
^
]0
M\.317%HLT
+/$

MNQ9L^^35.OTNE#EBH]CY64KML****L05UUMFP\%7MQ@K)JUW';(?6*V7S9A_




F.Y$O_ 'Z!
MD/\ Z#7WI7Q+\$(?

M=#244 75NU9 EW$)MH^4YVL












%%%% !1110!9LH4N+R0
4D=5

M;B.YBQOB8


M5?G7$.85*%=PBEJMSZ[+
+I#F;.(^'WPX\%_WPW;^$_ NEQ:5IUN/N1CYG




MW52SH#SY



EQ-';PKNDE8*H]2QP!7T?K_E)K%S;V[;H;5A

7
2N
M?++$ $E/NY( !..PK)HH Z%O$M]*
7

MGF-C-M+-&V2?]MI%'X+7,UT7A)(W\3Z69ANBCN(Y)!_L1MO;] :EH]JUMX


+BL6XLKRT.VZ@DA([.I7^8

MX^IDC3^3&OL&O@73?B7X[TJ9[BTUB8R2+L9I0LY*Y!Q^]#=P*Z/XW_$A/OZ
MC%*/]JTMQ^JQ@U-F95*=V?;5%?'UO^T#XUA46UL+@^KQ2 G_OB117T]X/UN


:*5%%%
0444
85?U26UGU.[GLEV6\DKM&I&,(6)48^E4*]G
M!):&

MCNQL****H1K:R






**** /
/C5XB;PC\(

M5M L?M[HR!TO8%\IEEC0+Y;! G&T#L.AK^A_XH^#/^%B?#GQ)X&$_P!F.NV%

M

6%=1X<UT GT'5W:=J6T-(03]GF7

 HHHH *Z;PL?*N[V](RMM8W9)]#+$T*G_OJ0
M5S-=1H^Z#P]KUW_#)';VOOF283#](32EL!R]%%%
 HHHH **** BBB@ K]
7J1:5!Y4RJ6<<

M56)YF7/MTW]V(?\ ;*/_ .)KE?'&K/;:5;1VS-;W%VYWF+Y5:.
%2#C&
EAE


M




M5S'E'0_=
FUB5;U*J?SZZ^EZ9/HOC'0QIMRLDLMS$8GDC4#)EVJVUBP*D8*D




MW_\ :;U=/XD#/__3_?BBBB@SBBB@ K^=3]NOX]S_&+XH'PY#8_8;#P5-=V











3]

MV6EM;Z_AW/KLK]I4A3B]4G?Y6T/9J***^ /J@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *P
M=?\ ]7:?]=__ &F];U8.O_ZNT_Z[_P#M-ZNG\2!G_]3]^****#,**** ODO
TD<D,C12J4=58'@@C@@TROIK]L70_#GA[]H[QII_ABX$]LUWYTJK
M&(UAN)E#RQ+@D


.Q'MW'J.];

AD)ZH1W#8!'
TJJS
%49)X '4FM/1=)






3OY?XH3M/Y5MQ?$[Q* J7L


65S+23T_P!=]H_E7LWBMO][XEU-I[F
M[M'2=H@JPQSH!%\@PWF1G&%XXZ5T4L1&;T






MN*TZR^WWL5HS&

8N.MC6ABMSH$*WMPUO&]S




MC'/.!67=74]Y


=V4\GC& :Q[FYGO)WN;ES)(_4G
MVX ]@!P . .!5X:-? D3. CJ)9$C(_XQ!_2FC3X 

MV=UU/)
?]MBW\Z-0T.FTF;7/#DDSVVIII9N$DAE7S=Y964JP:.


.M:E'

MOZ-9:UIDAFM;V))8W/4JPR





M8QZGXNT73YAF.XO;='_W#(N[]



I((Z$5LV_B7Q%:

M-C_IW6+/U\G97.T46 Z-M;TR3B30;

ETWV
UW'^4G_Q%)]FBQD74
U
TCJ?+(PJ!A]]NY85+T*6S



M

ME-!T-6Y6YD7']Y$.?R:LJBCE\PN;:7^DVS![73O-8?\ /S*9!GV
?GFENO

#BJM[JUQ*)K2#RX[5F.%CC5/E!X&[ 8C@$Y/)&3S6






M))IL20^+M#1YM-N.ADP

N:
M.Y_-A15J]LKK3KVXT^]C





MZ)B.4D90?8@''YU1J[$?]!N!VWQ_^S5

:/*_&VH&^UV2/ 5;11  !@9

Q/4GUJ?^QM7V[OL4P7U
; ?GBO1C:*
M2
'=NYFT5?@TVZN9)(HS'YD0)=6EC1E (&2&8$#) ^M2MI
R8
D]NH/I/&__
3\_4-Q]*HFXTI2#'9R'':2;<#_W




ZI[6UN+VYBL[2
RSSL$1%&2S






MBW=CT^K1R\_]\U\K_&7]C[Q3^S9#IOBOQ+XWTN&&XN/*M7@2X-RSJ
DK$(R


ACC 13(5+

!E5(47'K@


M!SM%%%








M_IM[9XRR;+A/7]V2K ?\!8L?]VLBM/1I5CU*%7;;'
3$Y_V)1L;]#6?(C1.T
M;\
A(/U%2MV


M6MDGUC5U$R



4HIJS/PL_:%_X)R^
/!GVKQ/\&I)/$FC


+V\Y/O1'






M
)'V/


**** BBB
M@ HHI0H+




2!+;R++&2.H#*2*T

M^=_P[^(OVGQ%\,&C\(Z^^7,J?[/G;WC'
1/J@Q_L]Z_1FBNG#8NI1=X
RJ
MT8S5I(_E)^*GP3^)?P9UM]#^(&BS6#Y/E3@;[:=1_%'*ORL/;J.X!KRFOZ_M




NH
M]-\+KG\Q4_B;PMXA\&ZQ-H'BBPFTW4+?[\
ZE' /0X/8]CT-9=M?WUDZR6=S

:];KQWX42*NKZG3S+8L%'J5FB8_



M_(\3-JLDKTY:=3Y-)+$LQR3R2:2BBOT0^:/H+X8_M.?%SX2:*OAOPEJ
(TM)
M&E6WGMTE4


M8U)H=31GVETOE32HN?GC!R&! S@'([BO?J_!/\ 8P_Y./\ ?\ V^?^DDM?
MO97YYQ!EM/UEGLU?\ 



;D1HG:)QAD)!'N*N:6+@ZG:S4

BGQQO+(L
]<S73S^*)YKN2]&GV*/(Q<C[.KKD\GB3=U/K2-XKU CVM@GTL+8
MG]8S4JX'
T5Z3X3\1:S=:G+;J8B6M;HK#';PIYS^2VV/:D8W MCY/XL8[UYM




@7;C ]:Z/[6FEJD8/+(WW/MV7Q-X4M\

_:(P4*D!
H'0\UY.:.6(I2@^J_$[\%3C2DFNA_4S14-M<07EO%=VSB6&=%='4Y
M#*PR#Z$5-7YFT?6A1112 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *P=?\
M]7:?]=__ &F];U8.O_ZNT_Z[_P#M-ZNG\2!G_]/]^****#

K&P:;1B







PIXFDIP?J



\8OIDX
8?$RY*;U\QXC 5*2YI+0^?Z***]<X

MAN3Z$#R'RP/8KU![$N;KZ^^%7[)?QL\3I)J9T3^QH;VUEBM[G4(@AEVHS-

C;










M/-IXLLH0?L-HJ1PWH5LME. )
$X(QN/6O

I22-UX*LK8((]#7]?]?*_QM_9$^#OQCM]9

M_

MXD^'/BO3?&GA*[:RU32Y5EBD4\''56'\2L.&!Z@U_2_^S=\?- _:$^'=MXMT

M/2BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L'7_]7:?]=_\ VF];U8.O_PK

CO)
MELY7$KPB1A&T@Z

U0)))).2:EN+:XM)FM[J)H95QE'4JPR
C(//(Y
MJ&OU4^1BBB@ HHHH ^I/V,/^3C_  G_ -OG_I)+7[V5^?[&'_)Q_A/_M\_

LQYP 
 =!VJRNAZ
FJMKB6
80

MJL;QZHBO&3@U!V9R7PJ^)&B_%?P-IGC71&'EWL8\V(


M6[LQV

M7_!L?5U%?

%!_AP=%\=:7\1;&'%KK\/D






M)K)BEU*2/E7:ZD)@\D\\=/;]8J*]7!9UB


 KS

_&/B77K&XT_Q;/X@DCTF9+QI$U&*Y8W3
MNT#+A$BBD$@\NN<C)6OS+K]*H3C**Y=CY:<6GJ%?L/_ 
$P/BWH]M;Z_P#!

]2@4




M

CSM8G]WR6:^ZW0^3Q^ =+W


2PY+7U[GX+?L<W-O9?M$^%


M\%\UC)YT!GC63RI 
;EW X/O6O151DT[IB:3T9\U_&+]EGX:_&C7;+Q'KZS6
M-_;X6:6T(1KF
=$DR#T[





PHH
MHH X_\ BK\,]+N[JPU'Q5IEO=6.3/]W$)8]O7*;MW'TKP+4OVO?#T6H-%H
;M? FM^'9OAQX=U93(VHQP2FY1(V!V%C*A0N
M005![=#7KOPJ_8X^%OPTU9_$5Z9O%&J9!CFU$*ZQ$'.Y8P-N[I\QR1VQ7UK1
M6U;.:CC[.BN2/9?Y[D4\!%/FG[S\Q%544*@J. !T%+117CG<%%%% !2
JLI



M_9$^
OQ(L;#Q/ID





M[&/@KQ#XU_:*\)+X=:-&T6Y34[EI20HMK9E

M
?@=X@O_ (A_$2]2#5YX&LX+&TD66
0N59GE?'+94 *O3&23GC]+*\K/
5&I


__U_WXHHHH


M;7P2NK3:QY
DDIDE 55

8X:FI

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6#K_P#J

end








begin 644 elite615201910k_2.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1  E 94# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBO#KSX



5C:4A=PWD8C
M=P023@\=
@'745S
?BPO&TJV+LJ(TTR^8H
4:\

'_#[W]JD;RB15PXXP:F4


M8]ZD'B]&A%T+%_L6U&
QE4']X
Q_+[\9R1C/?!QN8'2T5S
7BXRQ&7^SI!'$
MVVX8OMV?
 



MR



'
M*'C/ISZ '1T5QB^
+JPDD@OK66YE!#*$M'A?9C+'9ESZ8/ ))'&
U=?Q9ME7
M-BZQ.K21







#*$0#YE(R#D9_A (]!BK T#1




M)AM+6W-E#*MM@QM(@+ COTK0CMH(7WQPHC;0F54 [020/IDG\ZEHH *Y3XB6

UO
V5'GN6WVZH_RF/KR

MH(A@]#_0?E6G10!!%96L!3RK:*/9RNU 
A/&:O6^DZ=:O(UO96\

O[CQ%=


M\I&.1^0_*K'V&T\IXOLT7EO&(F78
%!GGVY/'O5BB@G=Z5I]^P:[LX)F!!
MS(@)XSC^9_.J5MX8TRVO;NZ



MC4-W:QWMJ]O+G8^

M1H-QVDR 8!+ XSW%6TLOQGM],6QM7DR7CB$&['RJ2QXP.G)]15^_T&UU&Y
M



 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccountsPayableRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccruedExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ConvertibleNotePayableNetOfDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NotePayableRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsUnappropriated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LegalAndAccounting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_Consulting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtRelatedCommitmentFeesAndDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccretionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRawMaterialsPackagingMaterialsAndSuppliesInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromEquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributionsReturnOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfCommercialPaper'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebtMaturingInThreeMonthsOrLess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccounting'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchDevelopmentAndComputerSoftwarePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !!TU5('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF




!J9S]6:\?1
MTDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@X_%X.+;+THMP


@ %AP
M=M;

M4'RO0;:*X

MY!$XM4D-
A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM

:


^8



=4KY
IV#F?



[82EQB\X^;'

N10[I*0
M!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E$A2*L P%(1=R


M?!^2!F.
6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


$%     @


MAC=KJ2)FX%9M6GJG. O22E'8HH[3;45
Q(WA5?ILH897


YF&T;MJF6@$5NT
4EGPCM%$,QG(\^UXV<'A]
MQW'<7L?K]ET$II/#=%QJ= ^\DOSI2=AS(:7*#9=&G3PUZ.4H75<HC[/%]
MQ\M \.JNT_R.4/1RBEX]B@570MI0#PA\

MSVXJ0D[F2?3

+5$*C*6
M26S4._P'I1VH4)\_89 G'NO6@7QD;V060!*M?!34F2Z*R2ITW3[CMOQ'(R0
M%H2T#N$H

MVZ[WOXC']@YF_%'NR[





-? &9

D0?!96]6D24[H4%=@6B1#VBM?#!.E++9?LDA
M*1@1;]+/


F\WW8;T$6AM!

LW+1(%QG9

D-_D



M[3??N)UN::?PL'1



MY&8 #2.:TE@9%T3_/-
935/C2?/X7CD=U&
:P\/KG]X_%L'K8-9$TAE/_V:)
MVMX
P@%(Z(;L4_7 7S[1*J8



M

MKG&'ZUL:7P

E\OY
M:MGCT*D=.H5#M\LAD5M;5DHKK[ RJ^AY@OPP=

M-(UCOL^5! \TINR9K%





M%ZA?






@.*@S6M(K1R; M@Z/D!;K%L
MX]SNCWJPI3DCDTE2;--T

&D==!
MM]%
W*^96M7WV;X4&;W59C&S[DUP6^^NL.NX

$



'W/@93NR4PC

M*LY)= MT]!? $#DJH.^[NP


M%ZA6J?(T2\]B&W]



\

RS6=
MOCEM6P
T<VN=$AA#U-[5- 0UWA47&2
Y!Z1:
M9R6?HNQC41^EG%2U!V28?:T5M?T!V=])2GXD#-2?;3_JQ%1_K-G?)%;8(6.








MME)+7?_E:.L1-+%O1F[@W$SFKUVUUI_XI.GWCU2ZP9D^BYR$MQ-EI+N?DR
M'HMDS0HJ/O


5@/G/]2#_/T;.0H(I:S1H7%/[M



=)X_)B[Y(
N

M&AQ
WW! + [&$& ;)7F-\H)8/5ZRY#-R\2=$'!R9@-X_/+;@N&W2W=J?.^!O
M.EE^15??;GXNT=7MS7=TLYC=3N[FUW^CR?1N?C^_F\^6EFF\=AJOGL8;F.9Z

M@22'5I#P

S*Q_W&SV3&Q!=+CH*6


/.3-V

?V!KN#_1K]1.RY+$7N&#2?
:Z/Q?81.8A+UT74S
IAW


V^TG;[(WD
MGKY
?



M!Y9=PE@JT*KBQ3$JB.4;?9OH:A*'@=M??P8S




6K3C


MMXUU\6Q2I]2^F



3Y1)54Z<ZF






M(/L!@@

6J&RYS


MW6C; 3(8#..23WT.'2W^FY3[0W
EY[

&XC%%&/* K@




_W?.:*9\XE^\6. \(EBFUHC!4]6$@^+-I2\!!J T:9'
M\

MH
MR/]/]-(CB\Z


'4]&H_/C
M7-MB[]T;_NVN?/?&-75FW-7JJK)<UVNWYO





JNG-K



K*U5JBV]5
X43
M84EL

IJ-)_]W()BN2
M3.N6)G$/



MM3@)6!
05-EYP6=8D+_4I@RX




V86)DH[T(LIMD:^




M:?%=6Z30O23[
-]A

QB\(;7=S
M!5IM?_3(\XLA7.P!=G= ]O)4R=L@A.A#.^)#U3/
A8
;&G!Y1\YF2[BK
I
MBICO2#$\3:SH=PD#_:  -XQ'H$

M^4$9SG

M!Y/)!QMX/FT[H:F\IQLCE(/7U(L FT14AW-Z70(;!$L@-YVA15CCCD3(8(
M\4Q;OLN%L#J7Y)*FRYRH! @=AFX:(H
N$2

SDB'+4IN76;'F:M3\^FPQ.



&=3$V_F-0_ V1US#1*1-I%F2.(?1KN1XG-8%5R- 98TH@3$QL'OK;OU



F

MX93A79F527SFZTZVLR

G

#CL*


&QKQDS
MHCM%JKO4:X8
SE=4A7$2]4C


 ;BJI\. &(ADJ#HGINV:^V)$P5X$&3$XE
[]X
M
3@?]1

7N/9

R#311
M&KLO8:
'.XY-[7


C<X6B]6S\.DKD
M]5_H[Y)0AUY%2H[G']!1:B?VQ=<BBY_FBK8H$UGG?(7X2= @J=HDC0$$V



N53E4?3&!I
K')C['==JKU'8W
ME:WGU:(RE24-^SJ;7@\


M'R\&ZM?AER$A&

MW;&SK
]$FT7+_^1E+T
QI=7F#LA_H/%PVT

IBH]?=?(CB*$! QPPA49=FE@520?4-FXBM+#U2
M

)


2^[NTJ0._JT.

MM86O#5;

7 [
M57_85N75[A_W50BV?86\
3A]

R9?


@=[)18M0
MN]#*\+LO8Q
]HB;_4(J#

M

M5) J]]1@Z
*5^(%_12&2



SU'NB$
[GK=
^_EF,Y2[/(&_
I
46+B0%-'BTF:BS]2)R=B
MQ$_M#KZ*


W9.'6+BW5[%P$;YY74Q<S^=7Q5(5PKQ3IT]UM5



#(&2DL=@QAO

R?-/6N5]^/
M.W\UD!L 







-G!.):(':XO2&'\HQ9-C[2:@V:=J

M5QL_HS:*X4I)FQDXERE/'ROH(



$MM!@PS
MT5:X80
I&@&U@$FUQ*1U06I_1PD(@QJV(&S&+
VHM401)E/ QJ
=]/D&+A7?






BP82-=B%W0F'Q
5GA&0[8
'PBO+I =TK*@=?;


29L6AN_J3HO-]1



[E'=H+[&[;LE=QI/
MCH+KI7M8&74^-?';G;W=IOX)\O#=O_PNV)Z*?ZG/
%BH;M0;\%VC^F_

$%     @ $'354N@R


MZWG!?[1:NLYW09Y

M]WLC_8)]AR\3Z=2IR;_KS



)GMYI.NRAU)RR#ZIW
M='WS[5R

MZ
%ED]B+IV0E9\;JW]7F9#&R]S8:9B-!A$@_!/W

UAA%WVAG2@1(=+FJC15SD%V6CLFRZRVYKDE
M^[P+!4]LX

@%

MJ?)WK2*0*S*?\'O3-3^WIIK-D7'QYX2B1EZP6T(]IG-98@?B-X4ZLW2?A?S8
M%^
5 -T-C
.[R5*NY!)

B*Y5RG<[$D

0H-IODG79

7&IU1-((=^QZ2;UIJ
G0)*0@CZQ


4\6I@*(
&$K'N]&8^(' A00:R)%



M-%W7%153$GKU6F]*C:6H05F)EYD&+$I5]GM9WS.E8 =CTHJXF=O9!-+UBT
MCKW95_IO]O!G]E=EP'?-HB3YVTUZB=R*8D*/O0Q?NH3:#A2-K*[2U1 ATQ3M

PVMG9-&V1

M;*+N

$H[3TDS3^
Q:X-VTRO- 1^'(N2D^5.E)-$($AYWR
M;V:XP(MYRV.&@

^9Q[\9;-L;)T
EP4T8Y%.%/4





M# 9##BYX)@T3QN9H[T;OWVIPM-N+C3^#1



!*;8.^KOC7LB!YH<W[Y2


[T
M=
\#P&+C_&.HF2
]-\:&95;'V)Y


MWWD*7=
H_W+&QFV6V6&V?7&OUW64%]/5

ME]E
+'A(@JPM\3G[
Q @0:/P;





Y?7

M.(Y$YUNB9_



V7,YT6!;<1'[!P';3@

OHOE2;/5:1
M8&%A2S+Z1Z?+\8O1*M=&1PU';9.OE7$SP.Q\8+')A3'
*&O;L-/[ ^2W29
M:A40KX!.:%%%T36=$DIZ+75%:C;2
]2I=[E=8B+&EXD?Q(*K3M&)K?YFIWY3%5B<E0:&0+ALP


M


MY%3(M@J_VN6/U/ESS/*4K7S\%
M$.YL-A&I]L'7'# MJ;=)_^;G#88OA=/(%
MAEG'





4Y1S]






T;/75A*S_+K%
(/]HGJC)R8?1]C?2+VM%'4L(?[
D (#+407R9D:&
M5<.<I6[&)2AJ%NO*D*[;Z1V0U%(F/A9Y]TI.^1(P6ED-V)RH
T!YP[2%H1!

.S00 '/+:D%J/8]=U'






MYB&USH27+8^3
]J_:U]
N9^DB1O@X22M@#MK 0S#=IWVAG[#[OWM9]%SS7U]


M.$




M?S(+ 






I^

9O-06E46EV05[J6I=8O&_1!KP]O7KBSX[
MDSD67 98+SGC$K&%%;Q@/%]RF3FP PPPBN.XS]XOA&$K;EC%!86!?HNY;4F


JXU^:?L0\77+KES(&L(


YET+5QB&29'*^-FR.27
[D)401C=RW[YS1K- KG$



M/!/M2OJ



M4;OX]CI


MHC(QPR_-X;.0#THC49'HVA(F5LM!';E%:)W1(5R#[L5\8VWPZ9PMUJ2[^53
M[_)E15I

MZ5S'



05+_
@*MF@F-\GGADQ\KZ

6C
Q1CY2O9*/?E@
M54YPY T!A\)Z G6OGS 'SCW(V?C1





SGJ^4V)=9MYB6DZ

M0?_OR7X!4$L#!!0    ( !!TU5*V^/P9B0(  %


!#&O\HIVK0W'?D#[4H%2$ [K2]*J[;;


EZB-%Q)T)B/
M@VE\



MI93);MLP$(9?9: &[46U-KM9:AN(DQ3-(0N2-$6/M#2RB(BD2M)1\O8=4K+B


MU)
;7!:S(':&L


']7M?%?:+O8- X@7QNK1\F!X++KF4O_3EL
Y3FS;#[5J@7MHHGF.CY5KR9S7+J?<F\UK7+2V?GUS<
%


P.SY\WT.23
+#



!$L2VP^IO(BY=)\^?9MF




MY?SWQ_G7!YI_PW
MWC1Y%_&:TQX-XBXE4?SQ';S!P=U!P!N\Y:YV;-_!&1YPA@%G^/^$[3^#T:U0

&23VZ[540J52%&0=CLL@6M7&






DD ND C(J2Y+F
1SE3[UZ

=^6F+QN)LR*$+BSX:?7GL+^T31!
MCVSS+2(5JU<

HQ_BS4R_%6@89:G@-52CWMFHT[#;;YRNPFQ:








N)*Y=54N[1^T9PRH(-I&(#FTG
MC?Z7A(8C&0+QS2JA-*:#]-OFP&BYUD9'-JEM-FBY8]A4\H@;)*Q3 *001N(R

SFF/1F_WA



M*IMC$++S


MF*]N3*T\

3P8)&-;1M?]WW_;'S?=NK!H#Z
MPT7JFN%UE5:P2-[SJ*A[21P]]1

M9F&[P0] @WE#&ZA.1K^\&PC?+$'-2W1U7CS6+F*-R8\E]D;R+(#SC0/6]H4=
M=)OH\C]02P
-<8^N0*1X+54VHVC@JBZB&.7
M%5@*US,5:CY9&5L*8M6N8U=9%'D(*E6<)LG7N!121Y-1LWL9&1J4E+CPH*K



Y;X?JYEB]H28'1PNC9;1


_33]$G&/6@]/^
QDC;^/DUM(0N1[<4Z$ 0
E.6:#
I%#]F_=2#'QQ'AE@/WDNAA
X0^%%(





MZ9T-([#M5FD5




UHX1!3C=Y
3IGP*+?D6*O8CY8KX94'




H)0R =%HJ +-C6;9L$G0=MI2 LN(.H5@:H
M1K@S*DANB17]










'Z6_&-)QMX?4OL3#^0 ,.O
M;O4+4$L#!!0    ( !!TU5(2X7GZ0





&[B#?PN$!U-60A\AP+1WL#6^X#9NH5D+




M1#$VT!%\U6V!@N:W!

7R-%1*!XM);AS^*X:PM&L




Z!

M=]SK.0E\N3


.'M3
ZU^@_SE.61@)=FN^+KKJBV9&BDPQN

HU\TR-\O;AW


C3V%!KS

M


! _\HIJJ968B0$6A@#I%(VK9,J
M(:IMVD?C7(A5Q\YLIY1_O[,#&=6:?B$^^^ZY%_N.V5Z;)UL@.G@II;+SJ'N


%Z;:'X1

M!Y=K+047:*]FL2/OGA'SHZ=EXRGM\#1(X4$K5UCXHC+
)?WUQV=LU=1:80< 7:FB+&3 +0O':&
SZW89'=0N5$=2V



M'J%@&5P

M92'T9M/5[6X[$V^;4?!/O1FH#\SLA+(@




MCI;BK]IWL;.+1.4M

M]6&#UN0&Z.

M\1KRD9I./JEL/+EXAV\Z]& :^:8G^ [%O4
U&ZAFD6IV@NK?SKW5KO]C4 \5

M!)M 1HHKS4J7I0R)G$%8&O0



:Z7=751Y
MW]S$L<LJK(6;F 8UW13&UL+3UI:Q:RR*/C5*DZ3Y#*NA=31:AG.'NQJ:5JO
MI

+%:6K
'R]*$



M5!A%@X1WSF/C;F T'8/
5(6A]Z7#K2+3?1=A/861NE/HKU)H3,$LU6R%,RT
M ZE?()'F;$R][M%2V*XHPOM1#=:&DL!DM!\#(*\RX0_(\-AHLBJ
X9?VV62



M965T


MRFK:Y91GIW-FN &U@5F6J5I:+HL+6%F5W9[3%N:P4!5= 

P&JWT+U/53_!-0I!Y^S[?^0X'N)?H')/;V.3.G<
M@/'!:Q^<'0?7A@X6+*5L&-=PST2-4*$M5=Z!J[N:VSUP::RNZ<%9 ]R8FCL
MNC!L;U/<\HTUB@/2\<F& NC-YJA#:::1WIZ_7+1-
M;80*^06=
YDAW7=;PFRU@&$R@K=ODO[PTFM^HM:MCRX]!8=7(3.U=M5HP8DO

VHG.\6)M22IX_&D\=R7/2BB4(K-)22O?


  -D'   9
MV$?%9FQA9,EGR2?+_OU(^67I;T78$#@2!3YD \ID:O&
MNCM?( 9X++7QZZ0(H;I*4R\++(4?VPH-G1RM*T6@K<M37SD4630J=3J;3[3


M/E.V
MAZC\'#F[W52BKT;U=I(+=LG
K.Q:YU

43&A2=*$?/)G!5%5EK











$L44A3[W4(@[3 !9*
MZ;@*772M21C]$A$8.ZH!H1568MI[K(7VG6\I_);]R $^L;8$=@F@K6R\1S4X
M+%NT94M.HP/%5RHD5\UNL




M/_DB8NL


O

M354)NUM@:;;3:!@=#I[4NO!\$

RGT7QX














0T
_JB0
L*)


M5-MNVS 




T7(U0:4&ZI5=!!P-%%EA2


M-^'NF%EQ94%@1:')Z/PT M--C6[C=!.4NM2.=!^6-0U:--Z!SBNMW7;C$PRC


P+GAM;(U476^;
!3]*Q;:0R*M



MJ)&H@)N30LB2:!/*'5:5!)([4



M2\4&G6R1K:2K1O-GC
YYYO!0&#3%L&8EYOL 3&+)&1\:?C]/HK+?!T?63_
MYFHWM6R)@J5@OVFN]W/OWD
Y%*1F^DDTWZ&KQPG
!%/NB9HNU_=05BLMR@YL


M@'Z1 _IZ

T56F



M)ICS0@A]#&P/]R
[_0=02P
$%     @ $'354A:AP]
! P  B0\   T   !X


$@A546TF:HR:&I%2=Z 4\6#Z602!Q5APE_
15M=5KKQ
M5K(5.O6GH\FSM\]YZH?Q.]^S=)G
3VS<7Q_;3

N[O'/J;;*4*J=J#!/Z6]-B

MC$

DBA*$C<F%M!%&$(O(TX@BD #1@2

M %]R96QS+RYR96QSG9*Y;L

P[P
MS=)_






24 T@NZ
M;1APR90V=8]Z? *
&PJ=FU)IY(AQ0]60&'JE9+EFXK$:!E;1LI91QV%[;8)X
MIOXGC'*Y9!D=RJPLJ#!-'!7E%:#0*[;6 1*DH+U@VP41D:-(& @2BD4S%/2M
M5@I3QWFS:@.X5@S5&8


MXAXUF$CM$!Z@]N[^(TGL7C)+63<MN5E=N? '<



/Z*W2QG1))?1LE9V8]6FA.A;:N3!T:27T[)6=F+_O


M0A

MH2WF [:_HK@LU*DMU-I^

&UL+G)E;'/-V,V.@C 4AN%;(;T RSDHZD1<S<;M
MQ!L@6'XB4$([&;W[(;C S\QB-J9G15KZ;MZ(!R^3)O[QO:N;@87W;JV=YFJ

IKC.-7C\PQU/#S/C
[WP?QG


MODB3JMA&



/J02A

M  @ $'354@=!36*!    L0   !               ( !     &1O8U!R;W!S



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !!TU5)I.1M

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      0=-528:@.



M+W-H965T-YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ $'354E]:F .V$@  H#(  !@              (!'B4  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='







M970Q


M% 


38N


M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 










M=#

  (D/   -


M$P(   L              ( !&IL  %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @



end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001753681-21-000008-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( !!TU5)+]4.LC$
  %FT 0 1    ;F]N92TR
#$Y
3(S
2YX

MN+$PHF 2W]BA

)^
)LGL0B-8]\/KNT8.HA
^

MX\W^6Z/9:/1KS4;3

ME1U2;_5Q



K\1CKFR*T:
;QJ[?WWYT\7XZF8

\5OST3H!L[\21]%5?I8GW9'K


9S](8!EO]P.G


R3@X-*XJ-X;4P+DAL?^XUVGI_%4U5]K4/?YZ&E\&-7^[I
MLVO/W(I&LV\JFR0ZGH9POER[L





:+-VB@9-^@AWL=
M4 47]YJ=[0:DO7




MV;NE6=YH]/ 
%]-B7KVCDV7@]K9;5



K5F
MN]5N##0F7-[\?0VD1)


M3K_9T+F
6]FTY0.





MNWP2S4&KW^]4]9!N4.&+D%?0F;D^I09@&'#;O=CL#S2]9$7K]S20Y33H]%NZ
MNK+!D$[G&
O

K=0;.E[YKU^L4$CIGX! )[







M4:MW[7F%IH[KOMD@




FS)RN]WN/? TP5S -&JZ-^0(Y\/M%]XCGUN

I2UR.L%;8_?_5 X6X7O@D]
M:W1REU%MKZG?V]#0RGL8MY'B!Q-B59O]GO=58/J]#+W09V_U3;8GAZEN$6

MYKL.7


M_VYU&Z7&;
^]\G_ZQ[^2('[_SP0
F

M&V\0LV*.;;PU;-\QW

&M7PA
EQ?OH2B=2PH


!7$4=UXQ):CH4]0SK@Q(((IS


@FMLT^&E \YO;$2)A(2R./0J2V)@*VR/Z:Y_5






(V0\\
5!9$&M&DPM)3 K'R@G4LA[[IQZAM'
9NCD.(=P[!NOP;BUCAR
7LF\'G'
M_ K??Q[_)OQ_N\)X

MGHAKV\%A:[*UJGDAM-;KQA]3@=I)8
PP4;$_S
B

MR7;B!\7/E

M3HD2_!E95D



M\&\0Q/3+&*@0FT84C


DQ26D^O8V0_-# C.3=



MM4'0@KJI[3NRTS1^E1L9U5(\&-#R0XM


M\1U1/DM)SKI!ZWXL+T#1C:+DIF00BUCQC\FHH'8
ROHB24B*5 NC!.LA'?

*A.O=LWY?'7VIKD&S





#3D&&DUNOC



K71! 0==YS



D+U $Y+.N8KAYV;;LHG90*GW54QK!.0ZJR$/BV1

MH-

M&AQ



R#I


&%XQ)N."2.;]XE,,EH0,K<@0W@29]Y[M#E8=
M0Z&BOA[:!L/=0-]B#GEE()?*#?3:U 83J$(++
SZ(Y^




4+D6?#MDDX3Q ![=+OL\2Y6Z)\OC5
M*ZO3-%NM!F].JS4PK78#ESL;_M+]_%RWL435-Q1LT7/9S8KL3;/;ZC/1F^:@

4
(
^



MO/$QQF
;1X0C3DC +N8
M%5VY.[7I<:FSPJ#GVS%.P*C2IS80J[6XFJ 49[


0<\H#Q?/9D0VVY5YDE'*<


M4EU)






M-@#4@5V(ZC




M4S9EM-[%B.@UCSEE%2QYU+2/'KY*-V4%EIF%Y/^HJ608(H157!2X\X;4*RO
MLCHB[;9;5A!,.9V00'\BO!O@D!$L=8N KAVD 0+-%8OJS124GRD'
?
RYSI





UEF%I:2N%A1GB)($9O/2

M09!FHI5_;8R5PV]BXC70G8%JE2]=J-F-6K-3GX:)7F5*G-G *7JJ%U3:!E





JVMI02#T6R3D
MN0NU

MI%:0^#)=D[
\9*-TZS1*=;)1$.!-SBI)@]-[(^?W5A=
1\.+#VJK4YQS'+HC


MO+
(RA='!+5#DA(R


M/3'&445'(]0

)V?'H


M/N&FR;'3(X[C_A?\?J32DS##5GOZQG7BZ3NKA['^.RT6O/-UY.1I))6*=S9F

M(Q74PM&I^GVDPT..K-OZBRQ!U]+[L=H]L]UK;+T$WZ/
_[UL

UU%N#%4H%]?P!(9_J(:?



MA33*&I-80Y&B 
?_

M






W)

MO9P*-


QZ)OLQ357'Y2EO66Y1.IC#=M!J&0V-TV'
@(OH45
M;TPY?$H5X_%)QV9_,/6K'#I%D665I;FYXFZL9\'QR..&FF*Q1AQ98OC+04
MD(?B&JLGN#
7P7 HA8LT

BTHYK4'0









Y1[0V2_1
M

IC&^
MY?]_*;[%'SP\
AZAHL3EKCSKCSKCSKCS([M$=^41=N41=N41=N41[JT\

M$'MG5_AA5_CA7@H_9!R^F&%UMDZ+-3P44^]*2NQ*2NQ*2CR?DA*9@%BT]77Q

M[)-%?
J'PJX:PD-60\@X9FTVR!O5#-^OU3) HYP/JO BF
0W#ZAT[&HR[&HR
M_&5J
NB.@2TVG;YKOT3B=)(67G@:L;XK__7+O^0

*X



M5D'R'0;R#@/Y16(@:W?)UI-$N6LW*3+K:7C@1K!A;.]T@F#$A$7
 N]92+(=

MX)MW\






M2U.8X@UI;W LOFKSHKA^?JS2



P(










MZGY:?;

M&?NGGS^?GA@7EZ?[OQG#DX/\#W\


QC4#=^

M8A?IG7FGJE(IS2QY;^G:*)O:-JQWS1P(.(:%N'J'



 ^7MI2
M]\O;34GQU2N



@-DY'W4B9$6+D$L@95.P

ML?8=_0K6-=]1ZG9^2%_E']$)17Y:U]$*_;2H#ZH-A&-6J6UIHCE-+*(DN#!+
]5DJRJ?5<W.*$A

M
O-FY]4+
6\X7@JQBI
:J(H5
M

MF*Y
LY;9[59YAR8ZV

&]UJ6CU6R9Z3;]_0JV*N:ZHDE;6

@9?1]9 \*<G-MMFS


4:ORUR2T^.#+%4KRS0IB(=%SKFL.!0







M S$B)20QI2]*;CIP  )H)1I7*TJAN?TS1'M5I 
P50+&]R


MX?*R&I*(/@BIV

MEW

QFZ!P-#)FEJ:@P/!)I\1R

2Z3&%

L[RJ



M-H=*LI'_


W%339XT(C5%UJ2
:NU@I8R*K:3@DS;X*

C__

@/9^7
MN&&I8






/$8S1[T_)-.48Z5_234C42TN4:!G



M%I(#5,'0YGE+X2/XO9%ADZ*\!$$9=K-^


MBHEL
'F7A*5RS7A&SVS:76*


M/9!K+G::CX00^!A'+KLDFOV



08W=9=-U@*[O[F6-?3X
M'IHL_+




M[9T.@2W$55





MIBP6DS0O3\^.]XU^IZ.0%3#R+SCOA.'6'F:^KG31=#%TUUIFU\@7*!N!!?/
M'P0?HR&[$AEL=(N[KFGV6JVLKB5%$9F82*&;P.C^D!GECX7K;](PL3V^F:_


M[.:N@
L%+?MQ2YO@UD*W.1<C*A('X2!3

J[$WT$D?*2B L89CA2*C


M1U

M^-/


ZU?!]=[^\6^O?\;+B+U.J]NW?MS+/J
6][(F
M?^1D;&X=M(







\.G@(9_EF7:/3DY:9FK:U.%X\MMV+1X[UO)Q0:2
72EUO*1:@BF?Q<;H@S
4)\&S?\B@7$KSHG@XV+<HRL6+@^_;UC3$5!4!Z<3M]7 +KMAG)!FC/O]R
M3H47
!%S


MQM


M3+FB3WHFJ_UO*\A-/--=L*0X.&?Q3/9F+):?F;J?F\KG89DZNYVJI6J?%*3*




MZ&7IPFN&\!H3U-LC+@7!W-/3VG
5!@&+] UVS]BT0ECBLWAKKHC/A
#
C'
4
M('-MF6^%NIT.A*1+K/=I]I&WPM4B:W&#NU16!:Q/K:%!SF=R
L]LB63_57P-

1J;A&D$?[

\



MX =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^
MX =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X =^X ?^'X'_+WW9\H=Z
ML_.'*BSP S_P S_P S_P S_P S_P?P/^HN

M79'-
TH]6R20(COC;+2?-NS8E %\9H+]M#R36 .S+QW%PG#&T=PJU*\R5O
4EEK

MJ3I-_6YC3H
8TE4$U)Q$$^Y_DS*L=GK:03_/CF
MOU!+ P04      0=-52&I:
:Y\$  !(*0  %0   &YO;F4M
C Q.3$R
S%?
M8V%L+GAM;-U:76_B.!1];G]%MO/ KM20AFZEMBH=L72ZZBPS152M1EJM1B:Y

MAM^\Z3A




M8T3Z3& MU)&3DKF4BQC:1P)'
8&\;

M^T9//1=:A;D$&D*8MZL9_&26RH_





8=X* )52* 02 IVA(X#.4=@HC




MX2N2&S-XQYVG/.JFU6R=Z!OUJ



M;_*R#@T?) N^31A1+HH/WQ.\
4!J5[-'IZVT2L2S7;7:.OT:RIA0=I^UJ-WP


MM7=+V$S\S)OJ%Z




MLRE6@_.OQ:

(D^\O/CXMN
O!K
MBFX


S
M !4   !N;VYE+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6S56EUOXC@4?6Y_1;;[T%FI(0U5
MM6W5SH@I=


MXHQ&HPJ$/2(3MDH@(L=U41&C_





M=G.=C7+MA33R9GT\PMB1DRB]TI

MJZ0^ZI!!W $76X&;VRM'B:^A9Y:\@')#Z)*8Z1P%KV/G*5=$A.9I[QIT=K$)






8EB
4@;$K-0I
M=%DP?U$V+'J^SE&JU=OD6'X023'-]4^=@G$JRG_!V$I7J?6IN%0-P1*I\)


M:[
0B&\*YT%#:1H1\]. O0!L(K5^)V:K,Q\K$HQH@:B-QVNU5F_D:SD&9]






T_O.K='3W_-?K\7QY3]:XXWAAQ.;$



M/#O4P3-&
;D-@C[\KQZ'.9+@%ZR\AY<*'AE[/NT?G]4@<'XP14;D
M:)(!?UML09-O2?W^O+RI7_K$3YC-$SMG2@/-F:AWB=F_FSGR@WQ-BAE!];
M\.QXH3TS]#_=__WA?^TD;.









J

AC=$E%^D. 
 A%* PUS :U90]\E=H+P#[7RP

]
+A4$27R0&!
C

M#M E#IUES[

%H?+
8#M OP]'[

MWAX:
F?H('9.[^Z((^W%2T8!$&L


1NG.9[1;_+1K+D
M8W7 0BB!%FS$U%%
'G'Z!B)$J(
BF


E.TN
'

Q2M[ HM'@
'Y%]R4[PA13LJ.A(5L.C;,P6L<KKBN@VQV%/8.SV\<:)LM


KYLXOE5JT3C#;I(=FUL


_FGP:SK_(FGD%12G6QZM:N=4./'$GVK0C




8.@=^

0(IYO;M$B









5SX
M
\+F[;CDJ /APB_J)+'+Y%-N/-((*W@F7G/S!_FI([+FAVX$J4S((Q&BZ.'?





M+:VN

+(6KWW?9OWG+!@[,DX=QWL\FXA? 5PYELH ::UCS!;*NT'O+&LS1

MFM
74YU2I+)

S]&+^C@(GASO3G9BN-JU



MV!
?)GLT2$


^5IM\.TO;%YG?'\W@^B!0G6+''A&D?;@'=Z



MZ)8W3%)&#(.?7 6Y9DWE=CA=SJ HZ)09I3E74 =:XO
Q^(&=**ZF0
\3\CH/
MZ*HCN5J^8
%
) A
TIC^&'U

-@=^-O;J'?K;Z/W/MVM

M$\Q23)A
55KIJE\/!5]E22$H9

E_'R*/FXN\8TX!963U9


MQP3MS6084M4U4W#^3Q6SM8C$G1QI-Y^2)ZEX/!1WI9) X&9-A[





M' K!4QE_4)B'$T6

M'K91E PJH0).N!B+ JJR$?Q*EB(0/RGMF#DP0L=#O%FUPU1]6KF\I^%D@)
[NV0S?/+<&V4J/'0E:&P18?URS/A%NNY[K^9]:Y-=N$
MKG]/K4E&7F]=X(:L30;Z *\K-^1^W/%$.&6JT:_?R(S4.C-4F]@I7DAUE9-]
M




<'V/D.Z
C0+2#0'4+&\$)@^

X;)LG=.I+


PHH?X\*)OOWM]1K]C?U 8QZ[Q-KKW ^=/


M/$G!([\*CB(EJ33 Z8C/07_A)N9T%)23AYCZC9K]4U*)TR%X$+-G//?D!L
M)V*?A]5\17P]VNI- G'CL@HMM%'=2W)OWA9

M0IU 0U7;$EFU%
&F_-#M$]J5*YM;%M=2XJEVF4F/4TYH[QNHV@QI)%C?4:
+9H14,''IC.;=;GIHQ(]$V\.@6MJ411]]G;LJ+3
%N9E6*[*
XNPN*DMH

M+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM75MSVS86?FY^A39]\.Y
947.=AMGFNXHOF34


M$I

BJ
4G39\OK3
8H*E#8+*I06^-:Z[MX6PI) )*?7QC?@@
MTBI\YA[T-VT*P&4U+HL5;$(TZX[1-//J^$GH0AG\BFV<:04\ FRCH^Z\X
M6/:D3_:@Q]GF$^6EW5?]]1/Z[?KC+P\V'O1P-?!A'$*'+YIQ0



[8SA#4E7,;\$BZ4E.%+.Y7UHR4S_HRZFQ?&
MT6ABJE[01B\(+YX/Z\NB*LG/KV4%7;( )YLEA_J

M=/)6F$(+-MD(;^HRPL!U!6=L_4.

MPEFTAR1M(CT
4#

MWK_1


Q/Z2/JY%M.? 98C15J&ZI^

M
4%M0]


 



MJK6!_#U0^OSNCD PA4+
_^S)5+[T[:US< NN:4U%1[GDI5C0;AJ04L
M2A@.2

MLYP)M




MGT

MPQE K^J+0C%C3:&' 

ML[MHW.6SP2!)\%)V+EC7V\]:=2JX\&:#:;.AIVRF.
S0E:?MRK/;%G#[Y\&9

1_7\!7Z+&OG6_9?FV!J^Z@M[[]H(P?C?]0(BKH@BDC\B!

<9SX-Y

MP!781T])%Z-W9,D+;!N(L4[%W[;6AF/PMMEYKJ:Z'=;B'/?!]&92RPV1ZH



MZ
%NBX30EH&RI

#;+9 QE#AV 'J8U].ZT?
MB.'SEG65A5-6? (5$-QZ]:P1VE
%X3.A;#1.H[W*?Q58]





MV
N4AO;E&23$@
W 




M&

M00^P*W_(69-'X


@-FT9X:G31\HP$RH+F/&3N)P5S5HHU[?-5#HZ


#)DMU!L6






PLLH94T0




1VMBQ0W1/Q#C] =


M8TUTR4]0ZZ+
O3.'KN\%%R

M\R8%M&AZ

*K]0(GV
M%DV-L 67

  &YO;F4M
C Q.3$R

M A0#%     @ $'354AJ6C&N?!   2D  !4              ( !I4P  &YO
M;F4M,C Q.3$R,S%?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !!TU5*'&9=_00  #
P
M   5                7=1  !N;VYE+3(P,3DQ,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$
M% 

M92TR
#$Y
3(S

