

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-13-001274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311735
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				061678089
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52297
		FILM NUMBER:		13761118
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1837 HARBOR AVENUE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 13311
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38113
		BUSINESS PHONE:		901-947-4111
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1837 HARBOR AVENUE
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 13311
		CITY:			MEMPHIS
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			38113
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASSURE DATA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041216









     








Washington
 D.C.&nbsp;20549

FORM
10-K




ANNUAL
                                                                              REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                                                                              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



    


    



TRANSITION
                                                                               REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                                                                               EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    




FRONTIER
    BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.

    




    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
        
        




1837 Harbor Avenue
 Post Office Box 13322
 Memphis
 Tennessee 
    

    
    






    
    


Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:



Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

    


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required 



filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.



has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
the registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.


Accelerated
filer&nbsp;&nbsp;







(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).



non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 29
 2012 was $210
500 (computed by reference to the price at which the
common equity was last sold ($0.05)
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity as of the last business day of the
registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter). For purposes of the foregoing calculation only
 directors
 executive
officers
 and holders of 10% or more of the issuer&rsquo;s common capital stock have been deemed affiliates.


common stock as of April 12
 2013 was 18
781
000.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None.












    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


INTRODUCTORY
COMMENT

Throughout
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;Frontier
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refers to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation.

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

When
used in this Report
 the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) regarding events
 conditions and financial trends which may affect
the Company&rsquo;s future plans of operations
 business strategy
 operating results and financial position. Such statements are
not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those
included within the forward-looking statements. Additional factors are described in the Company&rsquo;s other public reports and
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release
the result of any revision of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

This
Report contains certain estimates and plans related to us and the industry in which we operate
 which assume certain events
 trends
and activities will occur and the projected information based on those assumptions. We do not know that all of our assumptions
are accurate. If our assumptions are wrong about any events
 trends and activities
 then our estimates for future growth for our
business may also be wrong. There can be no assurance that any of our estimates as to our business growth will be achieved.

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes associated with them
contained elsewhere in this Report. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed in this Report
will necessarily continue into the future or that any conclusion reached in this Report will necessarily be indicative of actual
operating results in the future. The discussion represents only the best assessment of management.


    
    


PART
I








under the laws of Nevada on November&nbsp;18
 2002 under the name Assure Data
 Inc. after which it commenced operations as a comprehensive
automated data backup and retrieval company for small and medium-sized businesses.


 2008
 with the
approval of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and a majority of its shareholders
 the Company filed a Certificate to Accompany
Restated Articles and a Certificate of Amendment along with its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;).
The Amendment pertained to a change in the Company&rsquo;s capital structure. Prior to the Amendment
 the Company was authorized
to issue 100
000
000 shares of one class of stock
 common stock
 $0.001 par value per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;). The Amendment
authorized the Company to issue two classes of stock; 100
000
000 shares of Common Stock and 100
000
000 shares of preferred stock
$0.001 par value per share (&ldquo;Preferred Stock&rdquo;).

On
November 12
 2009

 under
which each of them acquired 6
680
000 newly issued shares of restricted Common Stock from the Company for a purchase price of $110
000
each
 which was paid in cash. As a result of the transactions
 Terry Harris and Timothy Barham each became the owner of approximately
44.5% of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. These issuances resulted in a change of control of the Company.
At the closing
 the existing officers and directors of the Company
 Robert Lisle and Max Kipness
 acted to nominate Messrs. Harris
and Barham to the Board of Directors and then resigned. As a result of the transaction
 Terry Harris became President
 Treasurer
and a director of the Company and Timothy Barham became Vice President
 Secretary and a director of the Company.


above
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement on November 13
 2009 (the &ldquo;Settlement Agreement&rdquo;) with its former
President
 Treasurer and director
 Robert Lisle
 pursuant to which the Company transferred to Mr. Lisle all assets and properties
used by the Company in its data storage business
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 intellectual property rights
 computers
and data storage devices
 and use of the name &ldquo;Assure Data&rdquo; in exchange for the cancellation of debt of $59
961 owed
by the Company to Mr. Lisle.


the Board of Directors resolved to change the principal operations of the Company and move its corporate address to 1837 Harbor
Avenue
 Memphis

Inc. on February 4

and distribution of alternative beverage and snack products.


 2010
 the Company
entered into a Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Innovative&rdquo;) and a Trademark Assignment for the purchase of the intellectual property rights of a beverage created

Intellectual Property


operation in light of our inability to maintain adequate working capital
 our current focus remains the development
 marketing
sale and distribution of alternative beverage and snack products. We launched our first proprietary beverage in early 2010 and
our first proprietary snack food in early 2011. Depending upon our ability to obtain future financing for such operations
 we intend
to continue develop
 purchase or license additional proprietary beverages and snack products in various categories to provide consumers
with a variety of fresh products in the New Age/Alternative Beverage and snack foods categories.


    
    


The


the symbol &ldquo;FBEC.&rdquo;



Frontier
Beverage Company

 marketing and distributing New Age/Alternative Beverages and snack
products. &ldquo;New Age/Alternative Beverages&rdquo; is an industry categorization for a group of products that include energy
drinks/infused water
 fruit juices and drinks
 dairy and dairy substitutes
 and bottled/canned teas. Our mission is to supply the
highest quality New Age/Alternative Beverages and snack products at the most economical cost to distributors servicing the retail
industry and directly to consumers through our website. We believe our service-oriented business model integrates the elements
of research
 development
 product quality assurance
 packaging/distribution efficiency
 and advanced management systems to generate
higher profit margins for our retailers.




 2010
 we acquired
certain intellectual property rights for a proprietary relaxation beverage created and developed by Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
is a light beverage designed
to relax the consumer&rsquo;s mind and body without the negative hang-over and side effects of alcohol and other substances. The
as the polar opposite of mainstream energy drinks. Whereas energy drinks generally give the consumer
a short burst of energy
by contrast



formulation uses natural ingredients generally known for their calming properties. The main ingredients of melatonin
rose hips
 valerian root
 and passion flower are combined with the powerful antioxidants of Goji and Acai. Most of the principle
are generally regarded as safe (GRAS) by the Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;)
 meaning
generally recognized
 among qualified experts
 as having been adequately
shown to be safe under the conditions of its intended use. However
 some of the ingredients are considered dietary ingredients
and have not been evaluated by the FDA for safety
 effectiveness
 or purity. As a product that contains dietary ingredients
 




 we expanded our
product offerings and began developing

 is a brownie snack product developed as an alternative to an energy beverage.
 through distributors and small retailers who will order directly from the Company. No additional
product offerings were added during 2012.




Beverages&rdquo; is an industry categorization for a group of beverage products that include energy drinks/infused water
 fruit
juices and drinks
 dairy and dairy substitutes
 energy drinks
 sport drinks
 and bottled/canned teas. In its annual beverage market
survey for calendar year 2009
 The Beverage World Publications Group (&ldquo;Beverage World&rdquo;)
 a global company that provides
business intelligence to beverage producers
 distributors and marketers 
estimated that the
 market had sold approximately 365.9 million gallons
representing a 1.2% share of the overall beverage market.


    
    





 category exists
based on price
 packaging
 flavors
 consumer acceptance of products
 shelf space and new product development. In order to compete
effectively in the beverage industry
 we believe that we must produce products that stand out from the competition through taste
visual appearance
 price
 and product quality. We believe that our principal strength is our product quality and that we will face
competition from companies who focus on price as opposed to quality. We will attempt to maintain a competitive edge through product
quality and our secret blend of ingredients to create a relaxation beverage.


s produced by companies
that have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources. Competition in the New Age/Alternative Beverage
industry could have a material adverse effect on our products and business results if we are unable to gain the market share required
for us to attain profitability.


with all other liquid refreshments
 including those produced by large internationally known companies
 all of which have greater
financial and marketing resources.




own products
 but rely on third-party contract packers (&ldquo;Co-packers&rdquo;) to produce and package our products on an &ldquo;as
needed&rdquo; basis. We have no long term agreement in place for the services and we intend to evaluate and potentially make arrangements
with additional Co-packers to manufacture our products.




of our beverages and snack products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and local health agencies
including in particular the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;). The FDA also regulates labeling of our products.
We have no regulatory notifications or actions pending at this time.


 distribution
and sale of our products in the United States is subject to various federal and state regulations
 including but not limited to:
the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health
Act; various environmental statutes; and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products.


federal and state regulations is crucial to the Company&rsquo;s success. Although we believe that we are in compliance with applicable
regulations
 should the FDA or any state in which we operate amend its guidelines or impose more stringent interpretations of current
laws or regulations
 we may not be able to comply with these new guidelines. Such regulations could require the reformulation of
certain products to meet new standards
 market withdrawal or discontinuation of certain products we are unable to reformulate
imposition of additional record keeping requirements
 expanded documentation regarding the properties of certain products
 expanded
or different labeling and/or additional scientific substantiation. Failure to comply with applicable requirements could result
in sanctions being imposed on the Company or the manufacturers of any of our products
 including but not limited to fines
 injunctions
product recalls
 seizures and criminal prosecution.


    
    





the production and distribution of our products and do not own or operate our own manufacturing facilities. As such
 we do not
believe that we are subject to any federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations which would have a material adverse
effect upon our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position. We have not expended any capital resources on compliance
with federal
 state or local environmental laws since entering the beverage and snack product industry.




 2010
 the Company
entered into a Purchase Agreement with Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 for the purchase of the
intellectual property rights for 
 which was created and developed by Innovative. In conjunction with the Purchase
Agreement
 the parties executed a Trademark Assignment which was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the
&ldquo;USPTO&rdquo;) assigning us rights to trademarks for &ldquo;Unwind Extreme Relaxation&rdquo; and &ldquo;Unwind.&rdquo; Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement
 flavor
 including all rights to the proprietary
formula used to manufacture 
 name and trademark
 and all other trademarks
 service marks
copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property associated therewith
 and (iii) all documentation used in and/or necessary
 beverage
 including but not limited to manufacturing instructions
 ingredient
lists
 (the &ldquo;Purchased Property&rdquo;). As consideration
for the Purchased Property
 we agreed to pay Innovative or its assigns: (i) sixty cents ($0.60) for every twenty-four (24) cans
or bottles (or such other beverage container in which Frontier chooses to sell the 
flavor brand
 flavor brand
(and/or any beverages developed using any of the intellectual property rights included in the Purchased Property) that the Company
sells during each fiscal quarter (the &ldquo;Royalty Payments&rdquo;).


to pay the Royalty Payments to Innovative is perpetual. The Company is obligated to provide a detailed breakdown of product sold
during each quarter with Royalty Payments due and payable within thirty (30) days of the end of each fiscal quarter. In the event
 is sold to a third party
 the Company&rsquo;s obligation to make Royalty Payments shall cease. Royalty Payments
will not be paid to Innovative on samples or slotting product or product used in lieu of money.


Agreement
 the Company has the right to sell
 transfer or convey the Purchased Property to a third-party purchaser (a &ldquo;Future
Sale&rdquo;). Upon such a Future Sale
 the Company is obligated to pay Innovative three and one-half percent (3.5%) of the sales
price it receives from such sale of the Purchased Property and/or the sale of any right thereof. Such payment will be due and payable
to Innovative within ten (10) days of the closing of any such Future Sale. If the consideration that the Company agrees to receive
through a proposed Future Sale involves anything but a lump sum payment of cash
 then the Company must allocate three and one-half
percent (3.5%) of any consideration received directly to Innovative. Upon completion of a Future Sale transaction
 the Company&rsquo;s
obligations to Innovative will cease.


a trademark for &ldquo;Unwind Ultimate Relaxation
&rdquo; and applications for trademark registration of &ldquo;Relaxation Station
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Relaxing You Not Crashing You
&rdquo; &ldquo;Tired of Being Wired
&rdquo; &ldquo;Unwind Bulldozer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Unwind
Extreme Relaxation.&rdquo;



During
2012 and 2011
 the Company dedicated no funds to research and development. However
 in light of our operational focus
 we anticipate
that we will allocate substantial funds
 to the extent available
 for future research and development of New Age/Alternative Beverage
products.


    
    




We
currently employ one full-time employee and from time to time we also use independent contractors on an as-needed basis for our
operations.




. Reference to our Internet website herein does not constitute incorporation by
reference in this Annual Report of the information contained on or hyperlinked from our Internet website and such information should
not be considered part of this Annual Report.


annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis
 and are required to disclose certain

file with the SEC at the Public Reference Room at the SEC located at 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business
days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. The public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC 








of the Exchange
Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information required under this Item.











ITEM
2.




offices are located at 1837 Harbor Avenue
 Memphis
 Tennessee 38113
 in office space owned by Ledbetter Packing Company (&ldquo;Ledbetter&rdquo;)
one of our product distributors. Terry Harris
 Frontier&rsquo;s President
 Treasurer and Director
 is also a principal shareholder
and vice president of Empire Foods
 Inc.
 the parent of Ledbetter. Mr. Harris made arrangements with Ledbetter for Frontier to
use these principal offices at no charge through June of 2010
 after which we began paying rent on a month-to-month basis at a
rate of $1
500 per month to Ledbetter beginning in July 2010. There is no written lease agreement setting forth the terms of our
lease of office space from Ledbetter and the arrangement can be terminated at any time by us or Ledbetter. Management believes
this office space is adequate for the Company&rsquo;s current operational needs. If needed
 we believe suitable alternative office
space could be obtained by us at reasonable rates.



ITEM
LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS




legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company or properties to which we are a party
 and to our knowledge
 there are
no material proceedings to which any of our directors
 executive officers
 affiliates or shareholders are a party adverse to us
or have a material interest adverse to us.



ITEM
MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES.



Not
applicable.


    
    






ITEM
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER&#9;&#9;&#9;MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES






on the OTC Market Groups
 Inc. OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;FBEC.&rdquo; The following table shows the high and low bid information
for our Common Stock for each quarter ended during the last two fiscal years. This information has been obtained from the OTCQB.
The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2013
 the last sale price of our
Common Stock reported by the OTCQB was $0.02.



Securities
Transfer Corporation


 2013
 we had 33
record holders of our Common Stock. The number of registered shareholders excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial
owners of shares of Common Stock held in &ldquo;street name.&rdquo; As of April 8
 2013
 we had 18
781
000 shares of our Common
Stock outstanding.



We

if any
 to fund operations
 and the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition
 operating results
 capital requirements
applicable contractual restrictions
 restrictions in our organizational documents
 and any other factors that our Board of Directors
deems relevant.


    
    


Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans


 2008
 shareholders
representing more than a majority of the Company outstanding shares voted to approve the Company&rsquo;s 2008 Equity Incentive
Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). The total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to awards under the Plan will not
exceed five million shares
 subject to customary adjustments as provided in the Plan. The Plan is generally designed to meet the
requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;)
 in order to preserve
the Company&rsquo;s ability to take compensation expense deductions in connection with the exercise of options granted and the
vesting of performance-based restricted stock under the Plan. The Plan is to be administered by a committee comprised of not less
than two individuals appointed by the Board of Directors
 each of whom is (i) to the extent required by Rule 16b-3 and the Exchange
Act
 a &ldquo;non-employee director
&rdquo; and (ii) to the extent required by Code Section 162(m)
 an &ldquo;outside director.&rdquo;
Until the Company has independent directors
 the whole Board of Directors will make such rules and regulations and establish such
procedures for the administration of the Plan as it deems advisable. For options issued under the plan
 the exercise price may
not be less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant of the option and the exercise period may not be longer
than ten (10) years from the date of the option. To date
 no stock awards or stock options have been issued under the Plan.


forth certain information
 as of December 31
 2012
 concerning securities authorized for issuance under the Company&rsquo;s only
equity compensation plan.



    
Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options
 warrants and rights

 warrants and rights
    

    
    
    
5
000
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
000





securities during the year ended December 31
 2012.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated
Purchasers


of equity securities by the Company or affiliated purchasers during the year ended December 31
 2012.


    
    




ITEM
6.




of the Exchange
Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information required under this Item.



ITEM
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS






number of forward-looking statements that reflect management&rsquo;s current views and expectations with respect to our business
strategies
 products
 future results and events and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements
of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 events or developments that management expects or
anticipates will or may occur in the future
 statements related to distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 statements expressing general optimism about future operating results and non-historical
information
 are forward looking statements. In particular
 the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; variations of such words
 and similar
expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence
does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
including those discussed herein. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results
as well as those expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to
revise any forward-looking statements whether because of new information
 future events or otherwise.


undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are based on management&rsquo;s current expectations and projections
about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions (including those
described below) and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially
from the results expressed in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those discussed in press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which
attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business.




 the Company
abandoned its prior data storage business operations and is now focused exclusively on developing
 marketing and distributing New
Age/Alternative Beverages and snack products. The descriptive term &ldquo;New Age/Alternative Beverages&rdquo; describes products
that include energy drinks/infused water
 fruit juices and drinks
 dairy and dairy substitutes

February 4
 2010
 the Company changed its name to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.


 we acquired
Assuming we are able
to finance such operations
 we also intend to develop additional proprietary beverage products in various categories to provide
consumers with an array of fresh and unique concepts in the New Age/Alternative Beverage category.


2011 management expanded the Company&rsquo;s product offerings and began developing
.
Our mission is to supply the highest quality New Age/Alternative Beverages and unique snack products at the most economical cost
to distributors servicing the retail industry and directly to consumers through our website. We believe our service-oriented business
model integrates the elements of research
 development
 product quality assurance
 packaging/distribution efficiency
 and advanced
management systems to generate higher profit margins for our retailers.


    
    



to pursue our business plan and conduct our operations; however
 the ability to obtain the necessary and appropriate funding is
uncertain. In light of our lack of working capital
 we have been unable to acquire inventory or effectively market our products
and have been forced to suspend much of our operations. As a result
 we have had no sales since the first quarter 2012. Nevertheless
in the event that we are able to obtain financing
 we intend to expand our product line
 either through development or acquisition
and intend to hire sufficient sales personnel necessary for us to revitalize and sustain distribution network for our products.
We believe that we will require significant additional capital resources from outside sources including equity and/or debt financings
in order to meet our goals and continue operations. We believe we need to raise between $300
000 and $500
000 in order to implement
our plans to ramp up operations.




statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern
 which is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s ability to establish
itself as a profitable business. At December 31
 2012
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of approximately $2
200
000 and for
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 incurred net losses of approximately$107
000 and $631
000
 respectively. Management&rsquo;s
plans with regard to operations include the marketing of the Company&rsquo;s beverage and snack products and obtaining additional
funds through the issuance of securities or borrowings. Accordingly
 management is of the opinion that marketing combined with
additional funding will result in improved operations and cash flow in 2013 and beyond. However
 there can be no assurance that
management will be successful in obtaining additional funding or in attaining profitable operations.


do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in operation.




 2012
our working capital deficit was approximately $523
000
 our accumulated deficit was approximately $2
240
000 and our stockholders&rsquo;
deficit was approximately $523
000. Operating loss was approximately $107
000 and $631
000 for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011
 respectively. Net cash outlay from operations was approximately $36
000 and $150
000 for the years ended December 31
2012 and 2011
 respectively.


current business plan in November 2009 and have not yet attained a level of revenue to allow us to meet our current overhead. We
have historically reported net losses from operations and negative cash flows. Additionally
 we have not yet attained a level of
revenues to allow us to meet our current overhead and we had zero cash at December 31
 2012. In light of our lack of working capital
we have been unable to acquire inventory or effectively market our products and have been forced to suspend much of our operations.
As a result
 we have had no sales since the first quarter of 2012. As such
 in order to resume and scale up the operations of the
Company
 we believe we must obtain additional financing and achieving a positive cash flow while maintaining adequate liquidity.
In the event that we are able to obtain the capital necessary to implement our current marketing plan
 we do not contemplate attaining
profitable operations until at least 2014
 and there is no assurance that such an operating level can ever be achieved. We are
dependent upon obtaining additional financing in order to adequately fund working capital
 infrastructure
 manufacturing expenses
and sales and marketing expenses to gain market recognition
 so that we can achieve a level of revenue adequate to support our
cost structure
 none of which can be assured.


that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. Additionally
 if additional capital is raised through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities
 the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders.


    
    



next twelve (12) months
 we will be able to meet the costs of resuming operations with funds generated through debt and equity
financing. Although management believes that the required financing to fund product development and increasing inventory levels
can be secured at terms satisfactory to the Company
 there is no guarantee these funds will be made available
 and if funds are
available
 that the terms will be satisfactory to the Company.


components for the years ended December 31:



    
    
    

    
46
476
221
411

    
18
000
18
000

    
64
476
239
411

    
    
    

    
36
126
150
859

    
28
605
88
264

    
    
    

    
64
731
239
156

    
    
    

    
    
    



31
 2012
 working capital deficit increased by $612
666 as follows:



    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
41
853
(41
853

    
523
225
781
387
(258
162

    
(523
225
(739
534
(216
309



a result of the forgiveness of accrued compensation related to the Company&rsquo;s officers.




Year
ended December 31
 2012 compared to year ended December 31
 2011



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
$71
252
    
$259
245
    
$(187
993)

Cost
    of goods sold
7
030
    
235
339
    
228
309

Writeoff of beverage
    inventory
29
743
    
167
130
    
137
387

Operating
    expenses
110
777
    
458
514
    
347
737

Total
    expenses
147
550
    
860
983
    
713
433

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Operating
    loss
(76
298)
    
(601
738)
    
525
440

Other
    expense
 net
(30
489)
    
(28
928)
    
(1
561)

Net
    loss
$(106
787)
    
$(630
666)
    
$523
879






    
    





December 31
 2012 was down $187
993
 or 73%
 from the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease was directly attributable to
a decline in beverage sales and only partially offset by the addition of the UpSnax product line. Cost of Goods Sold decreased
$228
309
 or 97%
 from year ended December 31
 2012 compared to the year ended December 31
 2011. This change is directly a result
of the sale of previously written off beverage inventory.




include the following items as a percentage of total expense.



    
December 31


    
    
    


 (accrued officers&rsquo; compensation)
    
    

    
    
    


 accounting and consulting
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



787 (76%)
as a result of the following items:



    
(224
877

    
(54
989

    
(35
041

    
(32
880

    
(347
787



as a result of the forgiveness of officer&rsquo;s compensation by the current and former officers of the Company.


primarily as a result of the elimination of consulting services related marketing
 financing and shareholder relations.

Other Expense
 net


slightly as a result of an increase in interest expense.




balance sheet arrangements.


    
    




ITEM
QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




of the Exchange
Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information required under this Item.



ITEM
8.




required by this Item are listed in Part IV
 Item 15 of this Form 10-K
 are presented beginning on Page F-1
 and are incorporated
herein by this reference.



ITEM
9.







ITEM
9A.



Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with GAAP. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


pertain
to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the &#9;transactions and dispositions of


provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures of the &#9;Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors &#9;of the Company; and

provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized &#9;acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&#8217;s
assets that could have a material effect on the &#9;financial statements.



limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


preparation of our annual financial statements
 we have assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31
 2012
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 or the COSO Framework. Management&rsquo;s assessment included an evaluation of the design
of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on this
evaluation
 management has determined that as of December 31
 2012
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
and there were weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as outlined below.


    
    





procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time period specified
in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 as appropriate
 in order
to allow timely decisions in connection with required disclosure.




under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 the Mr. Harris
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
(&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and Chief Financial Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal financial and accounting officer)
of the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.


the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
December 31
 2012 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits
under the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules
and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s
CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
 due to the material weaknesses described
below.


a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis.


weaknesses in internal controls and procedures is due to the Company&rsquo;s lack of sufficient personnel with expertise in the
area of SEC
 generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and tax accounting procedures. In addition
 the Company lacks the
personnel structure
 size and complexity to segregate duties sufficiently for proper controls.


without sufficient funds to hire additional personnel with expertise in these areas and to segregate duties for proper controls
and until such time as additional personnel are hired
 the Company believes that it will continue to recognize a weakness in its
internal controls and procedures.


additional personnel to properly implement a control structure when and if the appropriate funds become available. In the meantime
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will continue to perform or supervise the performance of additional accounting
and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including detailed validation work with regard to balance sheet account
balances
 additional analysis on income statement amounts and managerial review of all significant account balances and disclosures
to ensure that the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report and the financial statements forming part thereof are in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


    
    


Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 


our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31
 2012 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of the Registered
Public Accounting Firm


not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 wherein non-accelerated filers are exempt from Sarbanes-Oxley internal
control audit requirements.



ITEM
OTHER
INFORMATION






    
    


PART
III



ITEM
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Directors
and Executive Officers


serve or have served during the year ended December 31
 2012 as directors and executive officers of our Company. All directors
of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified.
The executive officers of our Company are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their death
 resignation or
removal from office.




Executive Officers and
        Directors

        

        
    

    
    
    
    

    
    



 Treasurer and Director

    
    



 Secretary and Director




positions with the Company on March 21
 2013.

Terry
Harris was appointed to the Board of Directors pursuant to the terms of a Subscription Agreements between Mr. Harris and the Company
dated October 30
 2009

680
000 shares of Company Common Stock


the Company on March 21
 2013 resulting in Mr. Terry Harris remaining as the Company&rsquo;s sole officer and director.


or understandings between our sole officer and director and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as a
director or officer
 and there are no arrangements
 plans or understandings as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise
their voting rights to continue to elect the current Board of Directors. There are also no arrangements
 agreements or understandings
to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management
of our affairs.


account of the business experience during at least the past five years of our current sole officer and director.

Terry Harris - President
 Treasurer and
Director


 2009
 Terry
Harris was appointed as President
 Treasurer and a Director of the Company and he has been serving as the Company&rsquo;s sole
officer and director since March 21
 2013. Mr. Harris brings over 20 years of experience to the Company
 as he has been a principal
working in all facets of two businesses controlled by his family
 Empire Foods
 Inc (&ldquo;Empire&rdquo;) and its subsidiary
Ledbetter Packing.&nbsp;Mr. Harris currently serves as Vice President of Empire. Empire is a full service
 super-regional
 independently-owned
sales and marketing company providing services to the consumer packaged goods industry. Empire is headquartered in Cincinnati
Ohio and is one of the largest privately held food brokers in the U.S. Founded in 1959
 Ledbetter specializes in custom co-packing
of either ingredients or finished goods for consumer meat products. Ledbetter also manufactures meat products found in retail grocery
outlets throughout the U.S. including
 but not limited to Wal-Mart
 Kroger
 and Food Lion. In 2008
 Mr. Harris and Timothy Barham
founded HBB
 LLC
to serve as the master worldwide wholesaler
drank

. HBB has since diversified and is involved in the development
and distribution of other products in addition to beverages. Mr. Harris beneficially owns half of HBB and serves as a principal
of the company. HBB now oversees
 on a global scale as well as
other non-beverage products. HBB now sells product to large beverage companies and distributors including Anheuser Busch
 Miller
and Pepsico as well as a number of large and midsize independent distributors.


    
    





employees.








during the past ten years
 our sole officer and director was not involved in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation
of his ability or integrity as an officer and director.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


Act requires each of our officers and directors and each person who owns more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC an initial report of ownership and subsequent reports of changes in such ownership. Such persons are further
required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms (including Forms 3
 4 and 5) that they file. Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us with respect to fiscal year 2012
 or written representations from
certain reporting persons
 other than as described below
 we believe all of our officers and directors and persons who own more
than 10% of our Common Stock have met all applicable filing requirements. Mr. David Harris
 who was appointed to serve as a Director
on November 15
 2011 and resigned March 21
 2013
 filed one late Form 3 in April 2012.




 2009
 the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives for 2010 to be signed by the Company&rsquo;s
principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 and any other senior officers with financial oversight responsibilities.
A form of the Code of Ethics for Financial Executives is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010. The Company will provide a copy of this policy free of charge upon written request
to Terry Harris
 President
 Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
 1837 Harbor Avenue
 Post Office Box 13322
 Memphis
 Tennessee 38113.




maintain separate audit
 nominating or compensation committees. When necessary
 the entire Board of Directors performs the tasks
that would be required of those committees. Furthermore
 we do not have a qualified financial expert serving on the Board of Directors
at this time
 because we have not been able to hire a qualified candidate and we have inadequate financial resources at this time
to hire such an expert.


    
    




ITEM
11.






information for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. The following information
includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
 the number of stock options granted and certain other compensation
 if
any
 whether paid or deferred.


compensation of the Company&rsquo;s principal executive officers who served the Company in such capacities during the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2012. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
 the number of stock
options granted and certain other compensation
 if any
 whether paid or deferred.



    

    
    
    
    
    
    


        
        

 Treasurer and Director

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

    


    
    

000


        
        

 Secretary and Director

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

        
        

    
    
    
    
    




Terry Harris was elected President
 Treasurer and Director on November 12
 2009. In November 2012
Mr. Harris forgave approximately $305
000 of accrued officer compensation.

David Harris was elected Vice President
 Secretary and Director on November 15
 2011 and resigned
on March 21
 2013.






 who serves
as a Director and our President and Treasurer
 entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company (the &ldquo;Harris Employment
Agreement&rdquo;)
 setting forth the terms of his service as President and Treasurer
 as well as such other services equal with
his position which may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the Harris Employment Agreement
 which
was made retroactively effective as of January 1
 2010
 Mr. Harris&rsquo; compensation is set at $120
000 annually
 and he is entitled
to a nondiscretionary annual bonus equal to $1.00 for each case of beverage product sold or distributed by the Company
 less $120
000.
The annual bonus shall be paid 30 days after the end of the year or Mr. Harris&rsquo; termination of employment with the Company
unless otherwise agreed to by Mr. Harris and the Company. If the Harris Employment Agreement is terminated
 for any reason
 Mr.
Harris shall receive a pro-rated amount of the bonus based on the reduced bonus period. Both the base salary and the annual bonus
may be increased or decreased at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Harris is also entitled to participate
in and receive benefits under any plan or arrangement made available by the Company to its employees
 including any medical
 dental
disability
 and life insurance and 401(k) programs. Furthermore
 Mr. Harris&rsquo; employment with the Company is at-will
 which
means that either the Company or Mr. Harris may terminate the Harris Employment Agreement at any time
 with or without reason or
notice. The Harris Employment Agreement was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on June 30
 2010.


    
    





or other equity awards outstanding under the Company&rsquo;s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. For a description of the Company&rsquo;s
2008 Equity Incentive Plan
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans




compensation to its directors for their service at this time. We have no present formal plan for compensating our directors for
their service in their capacity as such.



ITEM
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND &#9;&#9;&#9;MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS




forth the ownership
 as of April 8
 2012
 of our Common Stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our outstanding Common Stock
 each of our directors and executive officers; and all of our directors and executive officers
as a group. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock has been presented in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. This table is based upon information
derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws
where applicable
 we believe that each of the shareholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as otherwise listed below
 the address of each person is c/o Frontier Beverage
Company
 Inc.
 1837 Harbor Avenue
 Post Office Box 13322
 Memphis
 Tennessee 38113. Applicable percentages are based upon 18
781
000
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 8
 2012.



    
    

    
    
    


        
President
 Treasurer
 Director

        

285
500

        
        


        
(1 persons)

        

285
500

        
        


Barham


        

285
500

        
        




ITEM
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






December 31
 2012
 the Company received an aggregate
 net of repayment
 of $5
560 and $9
311
 respectively from HBB
 LLC (&ldquo;HBB&rdquo;)
and Baked World
 LLC (&ldquo;Baked World&rdquo;)
 both Tennessee limited liability company beneficially owned and controlled by
Terry Harris
 the Company&rsquo;s sole officer and director. The Company agreed to pay interest on the loans at eight percent (8%).
The loans are due on demand. Also during 2012
 Mr. Harris advanced the Company $3
000. As of December 31
 2012
 the Company was
indebted to HBB
 Baked World and Mr. Harris for principal and interest totaling $377
277
 $20
219 and $3
362
 respectively


 the
Company was provided office space
 the use of office equipment and accounting personnel by HBB
 for which HBB charged the Company
$1
500 per month which amounts are included in operating expense and recorded as capital contribution on the accompanying financial
statements.


    
    





currently listed on a national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system which would require that the Board of Directors
include a majority of directors that are &ldquo;independent.&rdquo; Furthermore
 no members of our Board of Directors would qualify
as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors as such term is defined in the NASDAQ Global Market listing standards.



ITEM
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES






and expenses of $27
000 and $18
000 for fiscal 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 for services rendered by Sherb &amp; Co. LLP for the
audit or review of our 2012 and 2011 financial statements.




expenses for the 2012 and 2011 fiscal years for professional services rendered by Sherb &amp; Co. LLP other than the fees disclosed
above under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees&rdquo; for assurance and related services relating to performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements.




expenses for the 2012 and 2011 fiscal years for professional services rendered by Sherb &amp; Co. LLP for tax compliance
 tax advice
or tax planning.




or expenses for the 2012 and 2011 fiscal years for any other products or professional services rendered by Sherb &amp; Co. LLP
other than as described above.



The
Company does not currently maintain a separate audit committee. When necessary
 the entire Board of Directors performs the tasks

 at its regularly scheduled and special meetings
 the Board of Directors
considers and pre-approves any audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent accountants.


    
    


PART
IV



ITEM
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES







are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K beginning on the pages referenced below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit from December 31
 2008 through to December 31
 2012
    
    

Statements
of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

    
    
    






following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K or are incorporated by reference as described below.



    
    

    

 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 3
 2009).

    

 2010 (to change name to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010).

    

 2004).

    

 Inc. (f/k/a Assure Data
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 20
 2010).

    

 Inc. and Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc. dated March 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.0 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 5
 2010).

    

 LLC dated November 12
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010). 

    

 dated effective as of March 15
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13
 2010).

    

 2010). 

    

 2010). (1)

    

 Inc. and Empire Food Brokers
 Inc. (Borrowers) and Trust One Bank (Lender) dated June 23
 2010. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16
 2010). 



    
    




    

 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16
 2010).

    

 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16
 2010).

    

 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 13
 2009).

    

 2010).

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    








of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    


 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
(Principal Executive Officer)
(Principal Financial Officer)
(Principal Accounting Officer)



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

 2013

    
    


    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


balance sheet of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and the related statement of operations
stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility
of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audit.

in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
as of December 31
 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2012
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
statements
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
242
268 through December 31
 2012
 and a net loss of $106
787 at December
31
 2012. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are described in note A. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that
might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.









 New York


 2013



    
    



ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.


balance sheet of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
 for the year ended December 31
 2011 and the related statement of operations
stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Our audit includes consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
as of December 31
 2011 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2011
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note A to the financial
statements
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
135
481 through December 31
 2011
 and a net loss of $630
666 at December
31
 2011. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that
might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.



 LLP






 New York


 2012


    
    




FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.

    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of allowance of $0 and $3
234
    
    

    
    
31
641

    
    
9
146

    
    
41
853

    
    
    

    
    
41
853

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
394
264
376
393

    
    
305
096

    
64
257
61
058

    
64
704
34
215

    
    
4
625

    
523
225
781
387

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares
    authorized; no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


000
000 shares
    authorized; 18
781
000 shares issued and outstanding
18
781
18
781

    
1
700
262
1
377
166

    
(2
242
268
(2
135
481

    
    
    

    
(523
225
(739
534

    
    
    

    
    
41
853





    
    




FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
71
252
259
245

    
    
    

    
7
030
235
339

    
    
    

    
64
222
23
906

    
    
    

    
29
743
167
130


 general and administrative
110
777
458
514

    
    
    

    
140
520
625
644

    
    
    

    
(76
298
(601
738

    
    
    

    
(30
489
(28
928

    
    
    

    
(30
489
(28
928

    
    
    

    
(106
787
(630
666

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(106
787
(630
666

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
    
    

    
    
    


    outstanding
 basic and diluted
18
781
000
18
781
000





    
    




FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2010
18
781
000
18
781
1
359
166
(1
504
815
(126
868

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
000
    
18
000

    
    
    
    
(630
666
(630
666

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2011
18
781
000
18
781
1
377
166
(2
135
481
(739
534

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
323
096
    
323
096

    
    
    
    
(106
787
(106
787

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
18
781
000
18
781
1
700
262
(2
242
268
(523
225





    
    




FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.

    

    
    

    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(106
787
(630
666


    operating activities:
    
    

    
(3
234
3
234

    
27
122
167
130

    
    
    

    
4
045
18
437

    
4
519
51
306

    
9
146
    

    
3
199
(12
381

    
25
864
252
517

    
    
    

    
(36
126
(150
859

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
46
476
221
411

    
18
000
18
000

    
(28
605
(88
264

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
35
871
151
114

    
    
    

    
    
    


 beginning of year
    
    


 end of year
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
3
587

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
395
178
    





    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.





Inc.
 f/k/a Assure Data
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a Nevada corporation that was formed in November 2002 and commenced
operations in April 2003. The Company provided fully automated remote data backup services for small to medium sized businesses.

On
November 12
 2009

 under
which each of them acquired 6
680
000 newly issued shares of restricted Common Stock from the Company for a purchase price of $110
000
each
 which was paid in cash. As a result of the transactions
 Terry Harris and Timothy Barham each became the owner of approximately
44.5% of the then outstanding Common Stock of the Company. These issuances resulted in a change of control of the Company. At the
closing
 the existing officers and directors of the Company
 Robert Lisle and Max Kipness
 acted to nominate Messrs. Harris and
Barham to the Board of Directors and then resigned. As a result of the transaction
 Terry Harris became President
 Treasurer and
a director of the Company and Timothy Barham became Vice President
 Secretary and a director of the Company.


in control described above
 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement on November 13
 2009 with its former Chief Executive
Officer
 Robert Lisle
 under which the Company transferred to Mr. Lisle all assets and properties used by the Company in its data
storage business
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 intellectual property rights
 computers and data storage devices
 and use
of the name &ldquo;Assure Data&rdquo; in exchange for the cancellation of the debt of $59
961 owed by the Company to Mr. Lisle.


of the Settlement Agreement and change of control
 the Board of Directors decided to change the principal operations of the Company
and move its corporate address to 1837 Harbor Avenue
 Memphis
 Tennessee 38113. The Company has since abandoned its prior data
storage business operations and is now focused exclusively on the development and distribution of New Age/Alternative Beverages
and will initially focus specifically on development and distribution of relaxation beverages. The descriptive term &ldquo;New
Age/Alternative Beverages&rdquo; describes products that include energy drink/infused water
 fruit juices and drink
 dairy and
dairy substitutes
 and bottled/canned teas.


Though
we have suspended operation in light of our inability to maintain adequate working capital
 our current focus remains the development
marketing
 sale and distribution of alternative beverage and snack products. We launched our first proprietary beverage in early
2010 and our first proprietary snack food in early 2011. Depending upon our ability to obtain future financing for such operations
we intend to continue develop
 purchase or license additional proprietary beverages and snack products in various categories to
provide consumers with a variety of fresh products in the New Age/Alternative Beverage and snack foods categories.



 2010
 the
Company changed its name to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. The Company&rsquo;s Common Stock trades on the OTC Market Groups
 Inc.
OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;FBEC.&rdquo;




statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern
 which is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s ability to establish
itself as a profitable business. At December 31
 2012
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
242
268
 and for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 incurred net losses of $106
787 and $630
666
 respectively. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
in business is dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing or attaining profitable operations. However
 there can be no assurance
that management will be successful in 


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 -- ORGANIZATION AND
BUSINESS (continued)







concern uncertainty (continued)


 and therefore
 these
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties
 nor do they include adjustments relating
to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue in operation.







the Company considers amounts held by financial institutions and short-term investments with an original maturity of 90 days or
less to be cash and cash equivalents. In the future
 the Company may periodically make deposits with financial institutions in
excess of the maximum federal insurance limits (FDIC) of $250
000 per bank.




the fair value of its assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under this statement and includes this additional
information in the notes to the financial statements when the fair value is different than the carrying value of those financial
instruments. The estimated fair value of cash
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due
to the short maturity of these instruments. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company did not have any other financial instruments.




revenue in accordance with guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
 which requires 1)
evidence of an agreement
 2) delivery of the product or services had occurred
 3) at a fixed or determinable price
 and 4) assurance
of collection within a reasonable period of time.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts


due under normal trade terms. Management reviews accounts receivable on a monthly basis to determine if any receivables will be
potentially uncollectible. The Company includes any accounts receivable balances that are determined to be uncollectible
 along
with a general reserve
 in its overall allowance for doubtful accounts. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
the receivable is written off against the allowance.


accounts is based on the Company&rsquo;s assessment of the collectability of customer accounts and the aging of the accounts receivable.
If there is a deterioration of a major customer&rsquo;s credit worthiness or actual defaults are higher than the Company&rsquo;s
historical experience
 the Company&rsquo;s estimates of the recoverability of amounts due it could be adversely affected. The
Company regularly reviews the adequacy of the Company&rsquo;s allowance for doubtful accounts through identification of specific
receivables where it is expected that payments will not be received. The Company also establishes an unallocated reserve


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNFICIANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(continued)




In determining specific receivables where collections may not be received
 the Company reviews past due receivables and gives
consideration to prior collection history and changes in the customer&rsquo;s overall business condition. The allowance for doubtful
accounts reflects the Company&rsquo;s best estimate as of the reporting dates. Changes may occur in the future
 which may require
the Company to reassess the collectability of amounts
 at which time the Company may need to provide additional allowances in
excess of that currently provided.




the purchase cost and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the FIFO method. Inventories consist
of raw materials and finished products. The Company writes down inventory during the period in which such materials and products
are no longer usable or marketable.




to concentrations of credit risk primarily from cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company minimizes its credit
risks associated with cash by periodically evaluating the credit quality of its primary financial institutions. The Company does
not require collateral to secure its accounts receivables.




customer accounted for 99% of its revenue during 2012. The Company&rsquo;s 2 largest customers accounted for 31% of its revenue
during 2011
 while no other customers accounted for more than 10% of its revenues.





SFAS guidance which requires companies to expense the value of employee stock options and similar awards and applies to all outstanding
and vested stock-based awards. In computing the impact
 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on
the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining
lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&rsquo;s
best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if
factors change and the Company uses different assumptions
 the Company&rsquo;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially
different in the future. In addition
 the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense
for those shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company&rsquo;s forfeiture rate
 the Company analyzed its historical forfeiture
rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If
the Company&rsquo;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if the Company reevaluates the forfeiture
rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current
period. Applying this guidance had no impact on the financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNFICIANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(continued)




earnings per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) in accordance with the SFAS guidance for Earnings per Share
 which requires the computation
and disclosure of two EPS amounts
 basic and diluted. Basic EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
plus all potentially dilutive shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Such potential dilutive shares of Common Stock
consist of stock options
 non-vested shares (restricted stock) and warrants. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no potential
shares of Common Stock that would have an anti-dilutive effect.




shipping and handling costs as incurred. These costs are included in cost of sales expense.




regarding advertising is to expense advertising when incurred. The Company incurred no advertising expense for the years ended
December 31
 2011 and 2010
 respectively.




of other comprehensive income. Accordingly
 net income equals comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2011 and
2010.




of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to
differences for financial and income tax reporting related to net operating losses that are available to offset future federal
and state income taxes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences of those differences
 which
will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled.




statements in conformity with the GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In December 2011
the FASB amended its guidance related to Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test for reporting units with zero or negative carrying
amounts. For those reporting units
 an entity is required to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test if it is more-likely-than-not
that a goodwill impairment exists. In determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that a goodwill impairment exists
 consideration
should be made as to whether there are any adverse qualitative factors indicating that an impairment may exist. The adoption of
the new accounting guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNFICIANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(continued)




 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2012-02
(&ldquo;ASU
2012-02&rdquo;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of
events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based
on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible
asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for
fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. ASU 2012-02 did not have a material impact on our
financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-11
&ldquo;
ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement
of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they
are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets
and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and financial
statements prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (&ldquo;IFRS&rdquo;). ASU 2011-11 is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. ASU 2011-11
did not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
 (&ldquo;ASU 2011-08&rdquo;)
 which updates the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 350
 (&ldquo;ACS Topic 350&rdquo;). The
amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to
perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having
a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that
it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step
impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should
consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to
consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events
and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests
 and also
supersede the examples of events and circumstances that an entity having a reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount
should consider in determining whether to perform the second step of the impairment test.


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNFICIANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(continued)




 an entity
is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&rsquo;s fair value from a prior year as previously
permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-08 did not have a material impact on our financial position or results
of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2011-04 (&ldquo;ASU
2011-04&rdquo;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
 The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally
represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring
fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements
for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The
amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2011. The adoption of ASU 2011-04 did not have a material impact on our financial position
or results of operations.


effect on the accompanying financial statements had any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards been
adopted in the current period.


INVENTORY


following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
27
337

    
    
4
304

    
    
31
641

    
    
    


 Inventory
    
31
641





of the following at December 31:



    
    
    

    
    
$7
333

    
    
1
813

    
    
9
146



    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




December 31
 2012 and 2012
 the Company received funds from HBB
 LLC (&ldquo;HBB&rdquo;) and Baked World
 LLC (&ldquo;Baked World&rdquo;)
both Tennessee limited liability companies beneficially owned and controlled by Terry Harris
 the Company&rsquo;s President
 Treasurer
sole director and Timothy Barham
 a former officer and director of the Company (who resigned those positions effective November
15
 2011). The Company agreed to pay interest on the loans at eight percent (8%) per annum. The loans are due on demand.


the cash activity between the Company and HBB and Baked World.



    
    
    

Balance
 1/1/11
207
321
    

    
171
018
9
630

    
(12
500
    

Balance
 12/31/11
365
839
9
630

    
28
305
15
171

    
(22
745
(5
860

Balance
 12/31/12
371
399
18
941



 Mr. Harris
advanced the Company $3
000. The Company agreed to pay interest on the advance at six percent (6%) per annum. The $3
000 remained
outstanding at December 31
 2012.


 Mr. Harris
agreed to loan the Company approximately $12
000 per month for twelve months with the proceeds from the loan used specifically
to make monthly payments in accordance with terms of a public relations consulting agreement with a third party. The Company agreed
to pay interest on the loan at six percent (6%) per annum. The Company made repayments to Mr. Harris during 2010 and 2011 directly
and through HBB
 with a final payment made in June 2011.


 2010
 Mr. Barham
loaned the Company $120
000 on which the Company agreed to pay interest at six percent (6%) per annum. During the year ending December
31
 2010 the Company repaid $84
075 and in January 2011 the Company repaid $35
000 leaving a balance of $924
 which remained outstanding
at December 31
 2012.


 the
Company was provided office space
 the use of office equipment and accounting personnel by HBB. HBB charged the Company $1
500
per month which amounts are included in operating expense and recorded as capital contribution on the accompanying financial statements.




 2012
 the
Company had 100
000
000 authorized shares of Common Stock and 100
000
000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock
 both with a par
value of $0.001 per share.




 2012
 the
Company had 18
781
000 shares of its Common Stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per
share and are to receive dividends or other distributions when and if declared by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS





At
December 31
 2012

100
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations
 rights and preferences determined from time to time by our Board of Directors.
Accordingly
 our Board of Directors is empowered
 without stockholder approval
 to issue Preferred Stock with dividend
 liquidation
conversion
 voting
 or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Common
Stock. In the event of issuance
 the Preferred Stock could be utilized
 under certain circumstances
 as a method of discouraging

Stock and we are subsequently liquidated or dissolved
 the preferred shareholders would have preferential rights to receive a liquidating
distribution for their shares prior to any distribution to common shareholders.




 2008
 shareholders
representing more than a majority of the Company outstanding shares voted to approve the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;).
The total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to awards under the Plan will not exceed five million shares
 subject
to customary adjustments as provided in the Plan. The Plan is generally designed to meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &ldquo;Code&rdquo;)
 in order to preserve the Company&rsquo;s ability to take
compensation expense deductions in connection with the exercise of options granted and the vesting of performance-based restricted
stock under the Plan. The Plan is to be administered by a committee comprised of not less than two individuals appointed by the
Board of Directors
 each of whom is (i) to the extent required by Rule 16b-3 and the Exchange Act
 a &ldquo;non-employee director
&rdquo;
and (ii) to the extent required by Code Section 162(m)
 an &ldquo;outside director.&rdquo;


directors
 the whole Board of Directors will make such rule and regulations and establish such procedures for the administration
of the Plan as it deems advisable. For options issued under the plan
 the exercise price may not be less than the fair market value
of the stock on the date of the grant of the option and the exercise period may not be longer than ten (10) years from the date
of the option. To date
 no stock awards or stock options have been issued under the Plan.




for in accordance with the SFAS guidance for Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities to reflect the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements
or tax returns. Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws. In the event the future consequences of differences
between financial reporting bases and tax bases of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset
 the
guidance requires an evaluation of the probability of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such assets. A valuation
allowance related to a deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or the entire deferred tax asset
will not be realized.


    
    


FRONTIER BEVERAGE
COMPANY
 INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




losses at December 31
 2012 of $2
242
268 expiring through 2032. Utilization of these losses may be limited by the &ldquo;change
of ownership&rdquo; rules as set forth in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.


expense (benefit) and the actual tax expense (benefit) computed by using the federal statutory rate of 35% is as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(37
375
(220
733

    
37
375
220
733

    
    
    

    
    
    



liabilities are provided for significant income and expense items recognized in different years for tax and financial reporting
purposes. Temporary differences
 which give rise to a net deferred tax asset
 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
785
000
746
000

    
(785
000
(746
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





through the date these financial statements were issued
 and has determined it has no other material subsequent events requiring
disclosure.
















     







Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. 10-K








 Terry Harris
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
    of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue
    statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
    under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial
    information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
    and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s
    other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
    Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 



    
    

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

    
    

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

    
    

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 




    

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

    
    

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. 






    

    
    

    

Executive Officer
Principal Financial Officer
Principal Accounting Officer

















     







Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. 10-K









In
connection with the annual report of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending
December 31


&ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Terry Harris
 Principal Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
The Report
    fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information contained
    in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.














 2013



Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

























        


        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          






          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    

    

    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    



    
    

337&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
304&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31
641&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Less: reserve for impairment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Net
 Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;31


337&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
304&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31
641&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Less: reserve for impairment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Net
 Inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;31


333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;9


333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1
813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;-0-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;9


 2012 and 2012
 the Company received funds from HBB
 LLC (&amp;#147;HBB&amp;#148;) and Baked World
 LLC (&amp;#147;Baked World&amp;#148;)
&#13;both Tennessee limited liability companies beneficially owned and controlled by Terry Harris
 the Company&amp;#146;s President
 Treasurer
&#13;sole director and Timothy Barham
 a former officer and director of the Company (who resigned those positions effective November&#13;15

 1/1/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;207
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;171
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Repayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
 12/31/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;365
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Repayment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(22
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
 12/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18

 Mr. Harris&#13;advanced the Company $3
000. The Company agreed to pay interest on the advance at six percent (6%) per annum. The $3
000 remained&#13;outstanding at December 31

 Mr. Harris&#13;agreed to loan the Company approximately $12
000 per month for twelve months with the proceeds from the loan used specifically&#13;to make monthly payments in accordance with terms of a public relations consulting agreement with a third party. The Company agreed&#13;to pay interest on the loan at six percent (6%) per annum. The Company made repayments to Mr. Harris during 2010 and 2011 directly&#13;and through HBB

 2010
 Mr. Barham&#13;loaned the Company $120
000 on which the Company agreed to pay interest at six percent (6%) per annum. During the year ending December&#13;31
 2010 the Company repaid $84
075 and in January 2011 the Company repaid $35
000 leaving a balance of $924
 which remained outstanding&#13;at December 31

 the&#13;Company was provided office space
 the use of office equipment and accounting personnel by HBB. HBB charged the Company $1


 1/1/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;207
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;171
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Repayments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
 12/31/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;365
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;28
305&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Repayment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(22
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
 12/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;371
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18


 2012
 the&#13;Company had 100
000
000 authorized shares of Common Stock and 100
000
000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock

 2012
 the&#13;Company had 18
781

 2012
 the Company had zero shares of its Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. We are authorized to issue up to&lt;/font&gt;&#13;100
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations
 rights and preferences determined from time to time by our Board of Directors.&#13;Accordingly
 our Board of Directors is empowered
 without stockholder approval
 to issue Preferred Stock with dividend
 liquidation
&#13;conversion
 voting
 or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Common&#13;Stock. In the event of issuance
 the Preferred Stock could be utilized
 under certain circumstances
 as a method of discouraging
&#13;delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;If the Company issues shares of Preferred&#13;Stock and we are subsequently liquidated or dissolved

 2008
 shareholders&#13;representing more than a majority of the Company outstanding shares voted to approve the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;Plan&amp;#148;).&#13;The total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to awards under the Plan will not exceed five million shares
 subject&#13;to customary adjustments as provided in the Plan. The Plan is generally designed to meet the requirements of Section 162(m) of&#13;the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &amp;#147;Code&amp;#148;)
 in order to preserve the Company&amp;#146;s ability to take&#13;compensation expense deductions in connection with the exercise of options granted and the vesting of performance-based restricted&#13;stock under the Plan. The Plan is to be administered by a committee comprised of not less than two individuals appointed by the&#13;Board of Directors
 each of whom is (i) to the extent required by Rule 16b-3 and the Exchange Act
 a &amp;#147;non-employee director
&amp;#148;&#13;and (ii) to the extent required by Code Section 162(m)

 the whole Board of Directors will make such rule and regulations and establish such procedures for the administration&#13;of the Plan as it deems advisable. For options issued under the plan
 the exercise price may not be less than the fair market value&#13;of the stock on the date of the grant of the option and the exercise period may not be longer than ten (10) years from the date&#13;of the option. To date


 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities to reflect the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements&#13;or tax returns. Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws. In the event the future consequences of differences&#13;between financial reporting bases and tax bases of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset

 2012 of $2
242

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Expected income tax benefit (loss) at statutory rate of 35%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;(37
375&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;(220
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Change in valuation account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;37
375&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;220

 which give rise to a net deferred tax asset

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Tax Benefit of net operating loss carry-forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;785
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;746
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(785
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(746


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Expected income tax benefit (loss) at statutory rate of 35%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;(37
375&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;(220
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Change in valuation account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;37
375&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;220


 which give rise to a net deferred tax asset

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Tax Benefit of net operating loss carry-forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;785
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;746
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(785
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(746



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







&#13;Inc.
 f/k/a Assure Data

 2009
 &lt;/font&gt;the Company closed two Subscription Agreement transactions with Terry Harris and Timothy Barham
 under&#13;which each of them acquired 6
680
000 newly issued shares of restricted Common Stock from the Company for a purchase price of $110
000&#13;each
 which was paid in cash. As a result of the transactions
 Terry Harris and Timothy Barham each became the owner of approximately&#13;44.5% of the then outstanding Common Stock of the Company. These issuances resulted in a change of control of the Company. At the&#13;closing
 the existing officers and directors of the Company
 Robert Lisle and Max Kipness
 acted to nominate Messrs. Harris and&#13;Barham to the Board of Directors and then resigned. As a result of the transaction
 Terry Harris became President
 Treasurer and&#13;a director of the Company and Timothy Barham became Vice President

 the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement on November 13
 2009 with its former Chief Executive&#13;Officer
 Robert Lisle
 under which the Company transferred to Mr. Lisle all assets and properties used by the Company in its data&#13;storage business
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 intellectual property rights
 computers and data storage devices
 and use&#13;of the name &amp;#147;Assure Data&amp;#148; in exchange for the cancellation of the debt of $59

 the Board of Directors decided to change the principal operations of the Company&#13;and move its corporate address to 1837 Harbor Avenue
 Memphis
 Tennessee 38113. The Company has since abandoned its prior data&#13;storage business operations and is now focused exclusively on the development and distribution of New Age/Alternative Beverages
&#13;and will initially focus specifically on development and distribution of relaxation beverages. The descriptive term &amp;#147;New&#13;Age/Alternative Beverages&amp;#148; describes products that include energy drink/infused water
 fruit juices and drink
 dairy and&#13;dairy substitutes

 our current focus remains the development
&#13;marketing
 sale and distribution of alternative beverage and snack products. We launched our first proprietary beverage in early&#13;2010 and our first proprietary snack food in early 2011. Depending upon our ability to obtain future financing for such operations
&#13;we intend to continue develop

 2010
 the&#13;Company changed its name to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. The Company&amp;#146;s Common Stock trades on the OTC Market Groups

&#13;which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern
 which is dependent upon the Company&amp;#146;s ability to establish&#13;itself as a profitable business. At December 31
 2012
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $2
242
268
 and for the years&#13;ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 incurred net losses of $106
787 and $630
666
 respectively. The Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue&#13;in business is dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing or attaining profitable operations. However

&#13;and therefore
 these matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial&#13;statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties


&#13;the Company considers amounts held by financial institutions and short-term investments with an original maturity of 90 days or&#13;less to be cash and cash equivalents. In the future
 the Company may periodically make deposits with financial institutions in&#13;excess of the maximum federal insurance limits (FDIC) of $250

 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due&#13;to the short maturity of these instruments. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

 which requires 1)&#13;evidence of an agreement
 2) delivery of the product or services had occurred
 3) at a fixed or determinable price

 along&#13;with a general reserve
 in its overall allowance for doubtful accounts. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed

 the Company&amp;#146;s estimates of the recoverability of amounts due it could be&#13;adversely affected. The Company regularly reviews the adequacy of the Company&amp;#146;s allowance for doubtful accounts through&#13;identification of specific receivables where it is expected that payments will not be received. The Company also establishes&#13;an unallocated reserve that is applied to all amounts that are not specifically identified. In determining specific&#13;receivables where collections may not be received
 the Company reviews past due receivables and gives consideration to prior&#13;collection history and changes in the customer&amp;#146;s overall business condition. The allowance for doubtful accounts&#13;reflects the Company&amp;#146;s best estimate as of the reporting dates. Changes may occur in the future
 which may require the&#13;Company to reassess the collectability of amounts


 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on&#13;the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining&#13;lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if&#13;factors change and the Company uses different assumptions
 the Company&amp;#146;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially&#13;different in the future. In addition
 the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense&#13;for those shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company&amp;#146;s forfeiture rate
 the Company analyzed its historical forfeiture&#13;rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if the Company reevaluates the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current&#13;period. Applying this guidance had no impact on the financial statements for the year ended December 31

 which requires the computation&#13;and disclosure of two EPS amounts
 basic and diluted. Basic EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common&#13;Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding&#13;plus all potentially dilutive shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Such potential dilutive shares of Common Stock&#13;consist of stock options
 non-vested shares (restricted stock) and warrants. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

 2011 and 2010

 net income equals comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31


&#13;the FASB amended its guidance related to Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test for reporting units with zero or negative carrying&#13;amounts. For those reporting units
 an entity is required to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test if it is more-likely-than-not&#13;that a goodwill impairment exists. In determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that a goodwill impairment exists

 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU&#13;2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of&#13;events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based&#13;on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible&#13;asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
&#13;quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for&#13;fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-11
&#13;&amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-11&amp;#148;)&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt;&#13;ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement&#13;of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they&#13;are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets&#13;and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and financial&#13;statements prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (&amp;#147;IFRS&amp;#148;). ASU 2011-11 is effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2011-08 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;#38; Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-08&amp;#148;)
 which updates the guidance in Accounting Standards&#13;Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 350
 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;#38; Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ACS Topic 350&amp;#148;). The&#13;amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not&#13;that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to&#13;perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having&#13;a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that&#13;it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step&#13;impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should&#13;consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.&#13;However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to&#13;consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events&#13;and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests

 an entity&#13;is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&amp;#146;s fair value from a prior year as previously&#13;permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2011-04 (&amp;#147;ASU&#13;2011-04&amp;#148;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement.&lt;/i&gt; The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally&#13;represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring&#13;fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements&#13;for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The&#13;amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15

 but not yet effective


&#13;the Company considers amounts held by financial institutions and short-term investments with an original maturity of 90 days or&#13;less to be cash and cash equivalents. In the future
 the Company may periodically make deposits with financial institutions in&#13;excess of the maximum federal insurance limits (FDIC) of $250


 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due&#13;to the short maturity of these instruments. At December 31
 2012 and 2011


 which requires 1)&#13;evidence of an agreement
 2) delivery of the product or services had occurred
 3) at a fixed or determinable price


 along&#13;with a general reserve
 in its overall allowance for doubtful accounts. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed

 the Company&amp;#146;s estimates of the recoverability of amounts due it could be&#13;adversely affected. The Company regularly reviews the adequacy of the Company&amp;#146;s allowance for doubtful accounts through&#13;identification of specific receivables where it is expected that payments will not be received. The Company also establishes&#13;an unallocated reserve that is applied to all amounts that are not specifically identified. In determining specific&#13;receivables where collections may not be received
 the Company reviews past due receivables and gives consideration to prior&#13;collection history and changes in the customer&amp;#146;s overall business condition. The allowance for doubtful accounts&#13;reflects the Company&amp;#146;s best estimate as of the reporting dates. Changes may occur in the future
 which may require the&#13;Company to reassess the collectability of amounts

    



 the fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant based on&#13;the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining&#13;lives of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&amp;#146;s&#13;best estimates
 but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if&#13;factors change and the Company uses different assumptions
 the Company&amp;#146;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially&#13;different in the future. In addition
 the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense&#13;for those shares expected to vest. In estimating the Company&amp;#146;s forfeiture rate
 the Company analyzed its historical forfeiture&#13;rate
 the remaining lives of unvested options
 and the amount of vested options as a percentage of total options outstanding. If&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate
 or if the Company reevaluates the forfeiture&#13;rate in the future
 the stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what we have recorded in the current&#13;period. Applying this guidance had no impact on the financial statements for the year ended December 31


 which requires the computation&#13;and disclosure of two EPS amounts
 basic and diluted. Basic EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common&#13;Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding&#13;plus all potentially dilutive shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Such potential dilutive shares of Common Stock&#13;consist of stock options
 non-vested shares (restricted stock) and warrants. At December 31
 2012 and 2011

    

 2011 and 2010


 net income equals comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31




&#13;the FASB amended its guidance related to Step 1 of the goodwill impairment test for reporting units with zero or negative carrying&#13;amounts. For those reporting units
 an entity is required to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test if it is more-likely-than-not&#13;that a goodwill impairment exists. In determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that a goodwill impairment exists


 FASB issued Accounting Standards&#13;Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2012-02
 &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#148; &lt;/i&gt;(&amp;#147;ASU&#13;2012-02&amp;#148;). ASU 2012-02 gives entities an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of&#13;events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset impaired. If based&#13;on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible&#13;asset is less than its carrying amount
 quantitative impairment testing is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
&#13;quantitative impairment testing is not required. ASU 2012-02 is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for&#13;fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-11
&#13;&amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-11&amp;#148;)&lt;i&gt;.&lt;/i&gt;&#13;ASU 2011-11 enhances current disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset on the statement&#13;of financial position or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement
 irrespective of whether they&#13;are offset on the statement of financial position. Entities are required to provide both net and gross information for these assets&#13;and liabilities in order to facilitate comparability between financial statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and financial&#13;statements prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (&amp;#147;IFRS&amp;#148;). ASU 2011-11 is effective&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013

 the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2011-08 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;#38; Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASU 2011-08&amp;#148;)
 which updates the guidance in Accounting Standards&#13;Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 350
 &lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#150; Goodwill &amp;#38; Other&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ACS Topic 350&amp;#148;). The&#13;amendments in ASU 2011-08 permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not&#13;that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to&#13;perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in ASC Topic 350. The more-likely-than-not threshold is defined as having&#13;a likelihood of more than fifty percent. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines that&#13;it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step&#13;impairment test is unnecessary. The amendments in ASU 2011-08 include examples of events and circumstances that an entity should&#13;consider in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.&#13;However
 the examples are not intended to be all-inclusive and an entity may identify other relevant events and circumstances to&#13;consider in making the determination. The examples in this ASU 2011-08 supersede the previous examples under ASC Topic 350 of events&#13;and circumstances an entity should consider in determining whether it should test for impairment between annual tests

 an entity&#13;is no longer permitted to carry forward its detailed calculation of a reporting unit&amp;#146;s fair value from a prior year as previously&#13;permitted under ASC Topic 350. ASU 2011-08 is effective for annual and interim goodwill impairment tests performed for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2011-04 (&amp;#147;ASU&#13;2011-04&amp;#148;)
 which updated the guidance in ASC Topic 820
 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement.&lt;/i&gt; The amendments in ASU 2011-04 generally&#13;represent clarifications of Topic 820
 but also include some instances where a particular principle or requirement for measuring&#13;fair value or disclosing information about fair value measurements has changed. ASU 2011-04 results in common principles and requirements&#13;for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The&#13;amendments in ASU 2011-04 are to be applied prospectively. For public entities
 the amendments are effective for interim and annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15

 but not yet effective























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      






      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance of $0 and $3



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000




000
000 shares authorized; 18
781



      


      


      


      


      


































      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      






 beginning



      

      





 ending



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      














      


      


      


      






      





      


      


      


      

      

      





      






      




      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


 directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries
 controls
 is controlled by


      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Extraordinary Items





      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}








begin 644 0001387131-13-001274-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`
9XCT(F\S/3540``(#G`@`1`!P`9F)E8RTR
#$R
3(S
2YX










M.2[[)GZ:X)@`%H]
`/


MV'%7D3M-I?]VA1168.]I^7-G










[3@NFQI
MV1MZ\C$]U'Q=K01DL(HQC6J

MQM^
.-G&^\\'$:0!G7Z+^D_A([_RFY@

[

&;6H#_
I?SW!




MZUP9FG




^O4
!SPR;TA
M-C!YUA\M?A


MZ;;WA%C@)J1

YO



M0O6X2J`5K#/[0OQZ81EX6Y'L=]VZ%2@E;B&&],!JL,W?)=4']$J4[
4_
9

MYV'?RUN--NIIL7H$Q/A9B*;=




M=^+L-Q`O@$&P=8
KT0+RUT`
'#X_[B;DGLIL*PCJN8U\$1@\S=UI=^4V/XQ5



MAOV$;0/*JCQUJ%=C$OQ01FXL(4_8\
M&F`VWY-U`#!\UZ5D`E.[7=3I[*[1D#KRK+247;7A$6DIO5W(K4MIXUGV@(%
M4+5WV?]R@5+:BK(+V[SEC.;L\4*305!9G.5#3CLL\F


_RYW:7359&^@7@









M@1O:S
6ZAR]P\/^U'2Z#BLV?EQ.A*!I*ZM16OF5A%=XAKO7BJWA*@QI?4E6.




6S#NP(P,R]0Z^K)KV^%-JY`12MX!6=X1YC
MDTUEYMXFH,KME`HF:.='4+2*;H[]\XDU&FCE+HQHN(LB]:%+C9CN;@A]K#[



_-\
IH?_?/)/Z&4'Z
/
_KAYO;A4E(E^KTU
MBYZTDN_0#Q1&!


M1%+SS4BIEQPB:@$6H)=9=`4EB`F$_)4CK(0A^*-6)Q9.E@?81YCD5
QH[:
MFY(P5K1ZJ+SJM7Q72





H


M4RGB6^U;+98(.F3.+F6)1TKZ=2U?;T!@




M&

O[Q/11U@C?6


VE?Y^=-:1/G\ZE
/W8\+$T=CQVK!PTT&F%Z
MH0.6;IQGUD`

M8Z4I=FDL*_W8^^$G^@50VK-)0#!\U86*SC`M;V+00O/X^^TZ#XD$6)!V
NE)
M?E:0(Z



P.=#O?E`T/DA^1TM!D3NT7F.7A8/U3

MKZ'*6B74LVX0^@[2&A#Z5J)!OG'O8A%;U0[V04



MPE$SL=SLG=J095EDC6!(AJX2]

MC]DAF_X+MIYQ\(
GO1#XF9*`@@:0#9?I1FM`I9D'K+PI-LB(NAK6/%C!Z$#5
MOH9$@%







*N-RKPTJM(AF]+1$
M;SOFW,MB0@4O7'T&9XQ`T+^!]O.J:5TA*5/Y6:PD7366?`@;$;(R32_@/5B






M



H+


_GK5^!J:4/I1@J(Y532PUK
M6^S`1P$SX-);]%'B3=1`0558[8VXP?6^9Y5IC8`_`R%$@S118WZ.6C3$%;)&


M


M(V\!'J_$]K


?`94T7]56FYG'ZJG63A?5VC:#1=@3*EQ,G7:*E)9(LA+@&K


MV^_6UF;G[?;VK6WX@:MU:HGYU\#P?1M


MP#GG^I[W-*Q


M7S\:]:G5[[LR`8982HA#/?





(90*/


M

%CUZ(*DOX)?[@


)(`C#F\3`7N;
MFD*6KOK]

M[6.2A


_$^Z@81Y
.\#S0-0D4+J:1$?R#9S1/1#2D
AYU6I2O@H

M8/5\-(+#*WB+




'/=

`)EO

IZQ-D-4=WJ%
MIW@XW0(W(\UYZ$3+Q:Y$YIRCJ&_E@L!T2P/[QYUWFWVP
&.7\8_CD&6O%I
MA9FU?SFMR$_J6E
*=!9Q5[2(8T9?_1(^.(S&R93P-/U:OS


/`WZY#SO@283


M`R4#@#D

M3`CZ?,ERJ0$CJ/YJ8YI3)^#7P!;[($$7Q_Y+U8GUXCDE\5@MZ]61?7*NT^
M'6

MDHN\^
9R;YJ4$?`Q?&=8%53RSS0&YB2\HIJTS)0))_%-EJ3DJD@KJDVBBSR:
M
51'#ZH
$_T




\!'#_4<+M:XQJ3[XKOQ$*,HZMNGL`K8:(&E)6DRHE=W,L00'G^O\?MCI;
M.__W3U62HVQ2KV#V$4XUVV%%J&G42:3+5Z1Q8_-!+%`!_W#[W-W<[;O;?T
MY`^[VYN=W=W=#GJIIAR:3V<+V9-W($8J&Y^(-6OF3Y?%/UZ$JM!OD9!*9+4`
M=(B6Y@GO-)U2T!6_@@5^CJH])CN3S0Z(B=G/$=KY5$#.&=9@(0I`+\ERX5


M/A0G1[]\.CS:/^I_.A7]_?WCKY].CS[](CX?_P:_/+CG:/;Z%/'8P]N/0+@_
M$56P)68/C

MXJ4D8S^:=6@TRK*#7(!)MFY--R9K6C@444

.+(%&J(F&#^MVFB*
9P

A

0?$_L*3I/$KQ@UTP@WC@#+D7ZEK6))J)*97/:-?F)/J&C@0X
G]
MRE+;$_QW)PB8I.G./AJ`ILQ?U2P[(@
G3H*ZQ.W_@#0R*WRQ*$&UFP4_\TI
MB5J71_/.^D`IMI:7Y!=C


MLN=M@XT18!\))^743VEAF)&#V^;WTVC&OW0)#@@-?

ON'ZS]0:?


!Z5^!8$T3
(4
F1C/.!J=-G%N
M'

J729<IBGP`L+)GA/'E=3-4-1F;*GGJ+=(`P^.O\34&TB+U2K?$*WM)C`
M-L:@E@[(;0TBQY;XBV0D-!_0;RCCSN+P%




CM('CN'WO+#+^.`-0;@D

EECE&*E)K\%PF*P
ZB
MIXVR:LW&AHL0@7?:)O;R&))_3Y-V%

M

M




[`)0NAC?F_:7'E[V[MU?#`8;
MKZ*6$^BV7IC[LV6^[=I+-3Z\W6M^6'M+S

M1Y^H6_P!2(S33-^3J8\W+C
5W;TG_M'1%Y@+^93M6L;HD\/^B7.[-_SDG%G)


M5%#-45AS.O43H?)N?:#:G6%N!LQ=SB_RT@T];DF0U$QE0
@!)\8IZ3F(0%?/


M





(;T==VLNJ4.)IO6
;*!I
MW2&9W3DMQ]'T$5$$?F6

`Z`EH


&EKZN42Z
MH#OO6(^4RM29(670&ARZ9[ATIN-LL


LDG%W'4(TV.&Z/E4.#H+56E)P<





M+``%=ZW3^#A175%/L[M


#%/OQ0A9



M_MP/I)#;WHIK\@!8]S96ML`IL4A')[5U
WG\[J244]$SVSS+\YC[Y($:DA1\
M11C.04;JH
6&Z;J*]$]9Y
@6

T_C*XXM/&'QE?0OX\]0Q%=&H$/
M.!-$)`9Q:RF(R4CGXV(0?2--OH%JO8&Q](TLUPDYA$JM7Z#FNFHN0Q:X(['/






QM=HLCT
Q9]$5D1P-.7?J?%(
JPDZT3F_G+B4J6&PK%0P*^5\

.&C`!@A78/D;B5S%CI


MC@TDDCW:*+BMQ/LG,9]P-^8=F&D5W732NSIHB!9=D$L5Y5OD`X:2B





V.K/795N\:OW9

'TU

M**

+Z#_5H-(^\]6X*D+\/B9\U
GS:YDJ$9KZVUL
M[@G+N)PZJ/Q69K\8PY)_MPW
\!@)VK&Y5N:XN=?2U*(B79;S1YRMERU6?O?S


LZY_8BK9A@EHW)F

MVD[[YF7QY^9$RJOG-I:\=3G!E%Z*G'/&!+EM3AQI6GF(XG=2RK%20X#D7Q





!;?OE

V43^+




M'


#(DU^Q'_C_\/4$L#!!0````(`
9XCT+S/?8M%@P``%F+```5
M`!P`9F)E8RTR
#$R
3(S

M```$.0$``.U=47/B.!)^OZK[#S[VX6:KC@#)S.Q.=G);#IB
:PEP0&9GKZ9J




-UKM)Z^S\],-Y
MZTP18@2B99A`;#XV-S]K]8\!PM_/^:\I*'%^
3A^6.(+FH[CGDX.R%TWCAM
9XTMG*1D
M]BV2R.\@=%Y&



MT-J!
^2A2!FI5/MX/FV#\+8;D(=2+LTH'1;?@



XJHH9/I'*T-JS(J4*@D]W=@!%`0]@'E?;G[PC11LI@C


KUN&]3D`=PU.<@

MTW8_;Y_L\.0`6XO*9\!VMX@`%,8Q+?]UKUTVBF9ACZT?,)`'+]51K;#M
V


$?;E!I4K07
O$+.W6




P6B_[2:TI3X_C%94U-WPA




M=X3).Y
HB=L[9=R.L1[ZBYCE3@S=S(
ME1/@3`S(%;NGN


QK_T^HX7;?M

M'AN!H]V=Y-EHJ%S`_P-[N=9?DIF]U)L;.TR+T\PX?^EQ1VP60+F+.X#HNF71

!Z-\7?+.6I@RI&94U7C]Z17Q*O.<=3&-O
#3[N$=LAR

M#IR*MP[+5


G
H?4S:!1[Q#@B
M1ZPGNMK

MS2GT(.1*//.211!'2SD'




QE.V/FQWFQ*
MLY+B*MEC^[(SUQ-#
WDR%8'X.CIA!-)BN?#$]L2F3&K=B44;I1\U+K1+#(@W


MGN%&$_L*LK?
)0$_
VN?GZA:.D-^A@?Q[$6^J
Z79Z0!)8N+^%;7-LO_JQFA
M#X`*Y\9*E:`Y4

4?3:3I6*DYJ6M&?`[6W%*Q)BT
MEFF-

3(Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX

R'

;D@_V)^X([8M+3:C7$S3[!1H:-N\G2M#L



M%@F&;9TMH@G4R5C72':S$W#(MLX641=LD0UT-T/$X6'99CURR$LX`[OXX#!


MB_+);0XG993C4

MG2YQ.CBQSS





&
=&!R
X)[.I)E\)P\)YE%?&(WEB3131L,

E

'M&IWB_CQ7)])%[.3/AA6F?J#LJ&3MD=
FZ


F0F'CJ7IG)YFE!1RH:#$P#&2LKDBV\9R5IRO#3`1F[G6G7$H.

R;'@




^EI$Y+A[&@.`E^$Y?3.5?[^GQ0*9

M(.#(K9$!X-#%ZR2-%0B8OV$R0

JH7$;

M44IU



!$
H+RP'U2*2ZE:
MON[YVT`SU5:3G1LNE.?JV,S1+3B!.W3AQ#+H6*


M`3RTW.%?\A




W8UJ7NTY*\H).9CNMI-Z5)FO
M6-C55
DG
$J;$*)=J
Q2'F[M4J^(4DC944B=].3B6;DJQ6J@V@2F[
M4=$*2?07/P8B=F@C/T_$/DO79^DZ-%G.TO59NJ[0VN\L79^EZ[-T72'M[LWH
M2OGIV;D*=]7=#AR%F!OBC&-

M4/L#DTP@+2S;)-.9P\+VJKP]U.\O#_5E/1Z#ISA$PDK4L'C.Y3VJOYP(F[
M5LUU7-:R^5LG
;9S_Q]2WUNG

MZPA@A[Y0@0F[%+!B&&WHVQ38018]O-Z@H7_H+[Z2(_\#4$L#!!0````(`
9X

#$R
3(S

M3VQ1HT]L475XP`!!4.```$.0$``-U=_W/;-I;__6;N?\!E]Z;IC!W'2?=N
MD[:W(\MRJJDCZ2PE[5Y[TZ%(R.:&(K4@95O]ZP\`OX@DOE*6B=?;F6T2Z3WH
7'@14F,OW\1)R_^]E__^B^(_N^[?SL]15<ACH+WZ#+Q3\?Q*OD63;PU?H\^
MX!@3+TO(M^BS%VW9)\E5&&&ALEZ$^$


M([ZA)0J)

K=
MB4Z=6Z^'56
BU'SN

W@
4T7=NQ30)[FZ5ZQ..'MM


M0@T&TVYPYH4QG;

MZ%1+B3Z(BXT


^+YF6S_PTZOMSVE+M6H-IALE)RSJRO2-L=*
M541U4:Z



!
ML\F
EA`@:LB1*;A1
NC:BXW:4=FQ!BY54J_EU7UR0@2HI4/\.1,]+`DG




M8)()G7('M]BI*39RN8I[UK!](SO.U3=,$:`*N=+)0:0+6UL)J[P7;VC,^4(
M5Q*FJZLP]F(_I


MFTT4!

3';HV80I9A'-A&+1I^%0V?I=#S]7HL?9*BZR6C


(LQ.D@#O@IQ%T2!9BD^;F788UK
MK]XG8[I6JLXI6UTP
U%'P&U*7H\'%^/K\6(\FJ/!Y!+-%]/ACS]
KR]'-_.O



M@S8L!#?

'O./@6Q4GY:<CNRP?<Q7/<T'D*&\.Z-@G

L!N'0!KYT*)3[YSD3:6`*(8XK^.#!H!%:\SB%Q.K`(








M;ID*2JD@#$I]($F:SDBR4@;Z-3Z)(T$6ITEM:]A'7N+P-IDX!)HPT5@T*!*
M[_433-\F3S$REE4%'227TT`*LVR5DF!L1Q*:&V2\.^3U8I9C26=BXAWBU$(




M$K+(9T$4S.)6CT^





ABHR

I`89L4ECJYS1_X6)`HG(J6-=AC/EJQE3)FJ`3=@A`
J04
MTF[3V#0@ZRT0%P5D_77XQ




$W;W+`


ITV?0F!I`0`(K*F8!8$EVF!L
6=DVOTF_::3/X9BIJM3RTK%<66,7,U84*.YBN6[<=J@6#
(US?:^





^KM2/I
MR:7T#`_(3#M)






M`K;*O6Y4=JI08Y_22M




MU9V3\7#

MR%37@;@L#

KEP3U\TJZ0T4-2R[LDE=X#4@F#I97Y^.UB/OKO3Z/)

9;HU:?;+6L0IV9
M!A4P++3#V69<J84VF"N!X-K\[MPL\FSOQ`/=&(/4:8I)D=Y6R5^[6372K4



4JO4%;M/\D




MNY?GG-='K(3.AC)K&82T9+HT]G'#B&+J1OK
80BK]T_X9VRI\W*)8[P*LZ^Y

M`(ZC0_#KAE!0E
`A!Z
991A*4O'92C@R#@F0J\:$@]
M03H\J:.99J%OVZ)J?:?L-55+2V65

Q67G2S$$)


P_0.

B@6R8$C#H?2)(:*5


\S97YG
M:)Y1##K'V0)ONP

8\/FPQ]E2?.VWZ4F)D]8T+PU+&C^/_B5
M/?7'N[P_8GS+?GYAZA8KR&H?\X]NPOH=)%;7'BW0*@T8CH
C;)V:
\1TN1IE

$CRD@SG4*?

M@BP:PHH6.TK)O3Y@=;RF:#QR]?1BP8RX]5%-3

MXAWF;NA3]@$S-0SKN6=V8PA4'Q?'AA=Y7JW#[.B1?\/)LS#';![I6S+'^`'G
MH^




4BW9





M^GD8%=HDI
PTS3ZNF2+T


DWI5$APKN1O$''P3NB0M]N0`QO]
M<TO_SI+C\]`F&1AT<(


]2W_)-M?

G*[8).U5N9S9#+^D`WN?N+_O


A<S;X5D#SLYEJ1

MX+5(PM$C7?(G)`ACC^S&&5ZGM&+EEBAOC)QP\N'T;#\'B!I]U%(1N)G;TSS5

^W
M^K7+)24V8;7$)4]03=9=%I+[
*6\N4K(9;)=9JMM5+Q;*?54=/*`!J@53#'M



R]23'(:#4#]:`E4



K
MR#WS](LZ@/M+@=2VZR1]5/_HFOZ-?EQ^1/^S]%)
/_D_4$L#!!0````(`
9X


M]G&`0AK\H_


%A6?DU'VD+\[V37[$1\=-(]/[GHOGY@[JN=\F


M*$YV0T1\]5]T:



]ET^M`[PF


-H



U6G
DLZ-(_XA\M[,E[Z3I$^YW_'O4R;#L3<9#:JT-;H<]K^H^.RM6!@@



IC=\Q8A`/E4BRET<3F!U#8:.G!'D?

M$!:U%NRA$X^2/I]2KU-7?:6@Y%IJ8O$6(!:E
MN#8!:M/.*

M?&V]N.$J8-
HC$
?^1RI`9&





2&`=`^1HDS*`$DV\3J=88V`&5BP5!X-O)*
M;0J2ME:O
K0A4`H*`XN
7%+`&@I8;)\<V&(S[<S!5!*^(1$??(#[#IA*ZMNZUB5ZM/;M7G7O?P8:H=

1LAA[%5C



M;MAB2UUPVCDF9UB%:+P(5\J,HMA
%X5VCC5F*
B$A`%!SW5CT^9&C@C?



U3HO2:GCH(1Y^39V``U%S:5-26(TK;0`T
MV(M:@5'EBB9M;36XM#&0(*YE-=*@&TF`AG?-62/SV9:SI.*]B;VCY$W.4;)8





IN

Q8



M&W4'EO6-TS/H_=L8FESTQ.0N^293?D:5MK:;NF$\)*3RPM@\3W!8N?7*M;&;


M\P&+74MUL

M'O28P2L
SFEX(YT4I:UAY*X8FF%&4AAS87O.\9:S3I2JKW*+@QK_VD/_RSF4
/'YFHB;J/+.LY(;G;


MW^VL*

MK]Q6Y'B7_2BO4U]!8]4GTC1^)=HX_G6\*&;VS4=MW/-DMK
3&X6^7=0S3;W
MQ(_Q#+RGL_OF6UOS;TXMWZ(-)P_;I,K^F@R`JGU3-6FQX%$.3`

M6$





BMIN;WL9T7J4H&!.[ON0';[ULOSG8#



P4;WWJ,^H1-_Z/J(#&INM9N0=XP/





M-5P43QG]Z8=A9]G[K=EU(L6%UH/#N980[I9
#ALJ$KN'#2D
I?=+QS'$%]&*

M:/

`PTA2
SN7VO
M=T[8USY?XDDH?I+MEE04=DO!-[=)JM8*#/AVSX&*YV-N/R).9[N(G'&L1CD


MM0



M`LY;L9



A$H
MM:HP7!`-XC(JI:5-02`B?D8E.&U$^IIGVNUPCQFQ.6R?\;%0XDF!1:6=W)
MR8=2MB1\J60P-N2?B(/U5%_:TFITN9[Z%1+@*!_0_!Z^(=2&Q)INLU9SA0






MTOB9:I]:H914+N][-.Z/I7G?[3K9]$*$#'UNAW8**;'I:6[IRO:'2A+XZ=\F


M


M0%YKE]KL%@^!)R_1)R_1)RW7[(=3L^RF\DY+JW7L?9LM@=\LUP^*A$0=;8

73;B`F;$PBOY@5U%







M
C`Q
C$R


GY:K4(`TP

9\XZ(EPC[JL5E*/
MCDN(

NU*1O52G=F63

-OE




M-F1JHW_V]9I?G]Y9[Z









M[?;TKF8TD7[?U=NF?M#(]@C81FPHG_U%PDB-R9%5T\CV]!:\(INHJ_7ZA[[[



ZEY1QZ%PD?-KSK-=PJ

M89

NP/
FP_`*N'<TG
M3L(B5!<TWX9A2J,13YRHP-S*:,DT!X,2=TKEX62&)\H\*DOQ+LKTR`Q#VP[









7PK[_;8*?$EM&8!
M\M1_KA-_1@B+_V




``!9BP``
M%0`8```````!````I(&@1```9F)E8RTR
#$R
3(S


3(Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`4`

M@@$`%0`8```````!````I($U@@``9F)E8RTR
#$R
3(S


 'defref_FBEC_CashActivityBetweenCompanyAndHbbAndBakedWorldAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_CashActivityBetweenCompanyAndHbbAndBakedWorldAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_CashActivityBetweenCompanyAndHbbAndBakedWorldAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_InventoryAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



%\S-#EB7S0T9C1?831E-5\U







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M3D-%7U-(14544U]087)E;G1H971I8V%L/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]/4$52051)3TY3/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y4
M7T]&7U-43T-+2$]
1$524U]$149)/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]#05-(7T9,3U=3/]X.DYA



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\






O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970Q
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\













M:&5E='

M4$%25$E%4U]486)L97



M/'@Z3F%M93Y)3D-/345?5$%815-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3U)'04Y)6D%424].7T%.1%]55-)3D53

M

\+W@Z




O








&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T<SX-








]


]

]

]

]
M


CDL(#(P





\





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D
M($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@
M,S$L#0H)3(P




]



BTS
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L


]

]


]



]








]



]





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES
M8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-#DV930S
%\S-#EB7S0T9C1?831E

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J






]


]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#8T


]






2PX-3


]


2PX-3




]


T1T;W`^3F]T97


M1&YU;7`^


]






]





]
T1N=6UP/C


]

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-C(U

]



]




]


M=64@)#`N
#`Q.R`Q
#`L
#`P+#`P

]


]



2PP

]
T1N=6UP/C$X


M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S`P+#(V



T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6T^*#(L
3
U+#0X

]
T1N=6T^*#4R
M
RPR

M1&YU;3XH-S


]

M;VQD97)S)R!D969I8VET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5,04%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]

]



T1T;W`^06QL




]


M






#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

#`L









]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



#`L
#`P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]
T1N=6UP

2PP


M
S!?

O4VAE






M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97



M;V8@9V]O9'







]

M

M1&YU;7`^
38W+#$S

]
T1P




]






MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.PY

]

S`L






T1T;W`^4')O=FES:6]N



]




S`L-C8V

]




]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP

2PP


M
S!?

O4VAE
M970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P








]





2PU



]
T1R

]

2PP





M8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF





]
T1N=6T^*#8S


^#0H@(`@(`@

M;7`^




BPQ



^


N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q


^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





BPR-#(L




S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]D-#DV930S





]



@*%53

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]



T1T;W`^3F5T




M/B0@*#8S







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V-RPQ


@



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#
X


\

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
BPU




]








C(Q+#0Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!C

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$X+#`P


]






M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S






M;B!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-34I/'-P

C4U





M






]
T1N=6UP/C

M97










P7S
T.6)?
M-#1F-%]A-&4U7S5F
C@W





]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\

]







]

]




@3F5W(%)O


M;VUP86YY+`T*26YC+BP@9B]K+V$@07-S=7)E($1A=&$L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F
M(S$T-SM#;VUP86YY)B


C`P
B!A;F0@8V]M;65N8V5D

#
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('!R;W9I



@3F5W






M;V8@)#$Q







M9&ER96-T;W(@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD(%1I;6]T:'D@0F%R:&%M(&)E





RP@
C`P.2!W:71H(&ET









M97)A9V5S+`T*86YD('=I;&P@:6YI=&EA;&QY(&9O8W5S('-P96-I9FEC86QL



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


7!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M(#(P


L#0IW92!I;G1E




M97



M+B8C




M/'4^0F%S:7


@3F5W(%)O


M:6YC:7!L97


2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&%N(&%C
M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#(L

Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



30V.W


@:7
@9&5P96YD96YT('5P;VX@;V)T86EN:6YG

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M;CH@


30V.W


M;W0@:6YC;'5D92!A;GD@861J=7-T;65N='
@=&AA=!M:6=H=!R97-U;'0@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M)SXF(S$V







24-)15



]



]


T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-3`[
M(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3D9)0TE!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO

@3F5W(%)O



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







N($EN



@
M*$9$24

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

#L@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(S$V





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
XU:6XG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97,-G)E=F5N=64@:6X@



M06-C;W5N='

M;`T*06-C;W5N='

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/CQB/B8C

#L@=&5X


@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE





@=&AE(&%D97%U86-Y
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M86)L:7-H97




M92!#;VUP86YY(')E=FEE=W






T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@:6YC;'5D

@9&5T97)M:6YE

@86YD(&9I;FES:&5D('!R;V1U8W1S+B!4:&4@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\8CXF(S$V


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4N(%1H





@3F5W


T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SXF(S$V


M
30V.W

M:71S(')E=F5N=64@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3(N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B



N


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\+W`^#0H-





@=&\@97AP96YS



@=&\@86QL(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0IA

M92!I;7!A8W0L('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&5A8V@@;W!T:6]N(&ES(&5S






M86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97







M9F5I='5R92!R871E(&ES(&UA=&5R:6%L;'D@9&EF9F5R96YT(&9R;VT@:71S





M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


30W.T504R8C
30X.RD@:6X@86-C





M=7






M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


M;CH@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD






T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@




M97)I;V1S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q(&%N9`T*,C`Q,X\+W`^




'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@










'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^5&AE('!R





@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



M96UB97(@
C`Q
2P-G1H92!&05-(&%M96YD960@:71S(&=U:61A;F-E(')E



B!O9B!T

M='
N($EN(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('=H971H97(@:70@:7
@;6]R92UL:6ME;'DM


M97)E(&%R92!A;GD@861V97)S92!Q=6%L:71A=&EV92!F86-T;W)S(&EN9&EC


@;F]T(&5X



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V







Q

Q-#@[*2!.;RX@
C`Q
BTP
BP@)B


M96YT)B
Q-#@[(#PO:3XH)B

#$R+3`R)B
Q-#@[*2X@05-5
M(#(P
3(M
#(@9VEV97
@96YT:71I97









34L
M(#(P

C`Q
M
BTP

T0G9F]N=#H@

M)SXF(S$V


30W.SQI/D)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@*%1O







@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@9F]R('1H


N($=!05`@86YD



30X.RDN($%352`R
#$Q+3$Q(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



#L@1V]O9'=I;&P@)B
S
M.#L@3W1H97(\+VD^(@F(S$T-SM!4U4@,C`Q,2TP.8C
30X.RDL('=H:6-H
M('5P9&%T97

M#0I#;V1I9FEC871I;VX@*8C,30W.T%30R8C,30X.RD@5&]P:6,@,S4P+`\

#L@1V]O9'=I;&P@)B
S.#L@3W1H97(\+VD^


@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@
M:70@:7




@;6]R92!L










T0G9F]N=#H@






@3F5W



C`Q
M


#$Q




M05-5(#(P
3$M


























]

]
T1T97AT

]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/B8C



3H\+W`^






M.#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








3(\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





M9VAT)SXM
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT





M



M(')I9VAT)SXM
T\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






M)B



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXS
2PV-#$\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M='1O;3H@

M


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H







'!T.R!T

M;&4]


BXU




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-#DV930S
%\S-#EB7S0T



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L





#L@

34P.R!04D50

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`G/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O


T0G=F5R

T0R('-T

M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR






T0G


Q-C`[

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M


@3F5W




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M/B8C





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V


M



T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C













]

]
T1R


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\8CX\=3Y.3U1%(#4@)B
Q-3`[(%)%3$%4140@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R

M(@F(S$T-SM86ME9!7;W)L98C


@8F5N969I8VEA;&QY(&]W;F5D



34L(#(P


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




Q-C`[

Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX\




T0G9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SY86ME9!7;W)L9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M.B`V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P=<^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T)SXR



'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

'!T)SXF(S$V







M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXY+#8S
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC

M
S@L


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

'!T)SXH

7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G





M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

'!T)SXS-C4L.#
Y


Q-C`[







T0G





P-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G9F]N

T0G






M='1O;3H@

M




M


T0G

M.B`Q
'!T)SXF(S$V



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N






38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!


M/C
W








'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M*#8E*2!P97(@86YN=6TN(%1H92`D
RPP





BPP
#`@



@;V8@82!P
M=6)L:6






@3F5W


3(P+#`P


M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R#0HS
2P@
C`Q
2`R,#$Q('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E<&%I9`D
M
S4L

2P@
C`Q
BX\+W`^#0H-



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3(@86YD(#(P
M





(%-43T-+

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CX\=3Y.3U1%(#8@)B
Q-3`[($-!4$E404P@4U1/0TL\

T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

#L@

#`L
#`P+#`P
M

M
#`L


T0G9F]N=#H@






2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE#0I#;VUP86YY(&AA9`Q.PW
M.#$L


M92!D:79I9&5N9'
28C
30V.W





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P


'!T)SY!=`T*1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L
















T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M;CH@

@3F5W(%)O




2!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97
@







@*&DI('1O

R!A;F0@=&AE($5X

30W.V]U='-I9&4@9&ER96-T;W(N)B
Q








@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T90T*;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO;BX@5&\@9&%T92P@

@:&%V92!B965N(&ES



M-F4T
S!?

O
M4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]

M86QI9VX]





M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L@





T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M8FEL:71I97

M97
@;V8@979E;G1S('1H870@:&%V92!B965N(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE











Q+`R,#$R(&]F(0R+#(T
BPR-C@@97AP:7)I

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

#L@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO

M86QI9VX]


M87!S93L@=VED=&@Z(#DP)3L@9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



7!T('-O;&ED
M)SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M





C`Q




M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

W
M+#
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S)2<^)B


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN


38P.SPO=&0^





M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D






M9#X\=&0^)B






#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V

M

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

3!P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ





M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



M;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;CH@


M;7
!A;F0@













3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ




M
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR




'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\







M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@

M

#`\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M/B8C




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

M969T.B`Q

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@





M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D













M8B@R
#0L
C




M/B8C

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C



M;&4]


BXU




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




S!?
S0Y








]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^4U5
M4T51545.5!%5D5.5%




M5&EM97








]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M97)M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I='D@;V8@

M;&QY(&UA:V4@9&5P;W-I='
&EM=6T@9F5D97)A;!I;G-U<F%N8V4@




]

]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


\+W4^

T0G9F]N=#H@

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

@86YD
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('=H:6-H('%U86QI9GD@87

M=6UE;G1S('5N9&5R('1H:7

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/'-P86X^/]S


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`G/CQB/B8C

#L@





30X.RDL('=H:6-H(')E


M


M5&EM97



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M)B

N($UA;F%G




M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;W5N='



@


30V.W




@3F5W



T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L








@

Q-C`[

]


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;'D@979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@8W)E9&ET('%U86QI='D@;V8@:71S('!R:6UA


T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M;CH@




C`Q
2P@=VAI;&4@

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M/B8C



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








N(%1H92!A





30V.W


L


@;6%T97)I

@97-T:6UA=&4L(&]R(&EF('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(')E979A;'5A=&5S('1H92!F;W)F96ET=7)E#0IR871E(&EN('1H

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P




]

@3F5W




T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\




@;V8@0V]M;6]N#0I3=&]C

@
M:7



S$L(#(P
M
3(@86YD(#(P

@
M;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K('1H870@=V]U;&0@:&%V92!A;B!A;G1I+61I;'5T

M97





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






]


@3F5W(%)O


@96YD960-
MD1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


]




@






]

@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^



M=7
@9&5F97)R960@=&%X97


M(')E;&%T960@=&\@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L








@;V8@




6EN9PT*86UO=6YT<RX@1F]R('1H;W-E


M:68@:70@:7






M/3-$=&]P/E)E8V5N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T9#X-

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(S$V

2`R,#$R+!&05-(&ES<W5E9!!8V-O=6YT:6YG



3(M
#(F(S$T.#LI+B!!4U4@
C`Q
BTP



@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@=&AE(&5X:7-T96YC92!O9@T*979E


3(M
M
#(@:7


M=&EO;B!P97)M:71T960N($%352`R

M97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!$96-E;6)E


@

@


M

@86)O=70@9FEN




Q-#@[*2X@
M05-5(#(P
3$M
3$@:7


M
3

M97)I;V1S+B!!4U4@
C`Q
2TQ

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

M;CH@


30W.T%3
M52`R
#$Q+3`X)B

M:6X@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

34P.R!'

30W.T%#4R!4;W!I8R`S-3`F





@
M9F]R(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('=H971H97(@:70@:7
@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O#0IP



M;&EK96QY('1H86X@;F]T('1H870@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@82!R97!O



@





L



'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



C`Q

@



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!-87D@
C`Q
2P@
M=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R
#$Q+3`T(@F(S$T-SM!4U4-C(P
3$M
M

@
M5&]P:6





C`Q


M($%352`R


@96YT:71I97
L('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&%R92!E9F9E


34L(#(P
3$N(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!
M4U4@
C`Q


T0G9F]N=#H@

M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X




S!?
M

O4VAE970Q


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
'0^/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@









C`Q



M

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
R4G/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^









T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SXF(S$V

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO



#0L
C

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT

M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

S@L



T\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M

M(S$V

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




P7S
T.6)?
M-#1F-%]A-&4U7S5F
C@W





]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\

M


#$R/&)R



]

]
M


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M(S$V

@3F5W


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M
'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS



M
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR



M.B`M

M:61T:#H@
R4G/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE


M8V4\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



2PX
3
\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


S@L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@



M:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-#DV
M930S



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

051%1!005)42453(A486)L97


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





M


'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0P





T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@






M
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I

3!P

C`T

'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N

@3F5W

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M;&4]






T0G



M:61T:#H@



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M:7IE.B`Q
'!T)SXQ-S$L




M93H@


M/CDL-C







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



T0G


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

'!T)SXM



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R




Q-C`[





V-2PX

'!T)SXF(S$V

'!T)SXF(S$V

'!T)SXF(S$V



M



M8B@R
#0L
C

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T)SXF(S$V

'!T)SXF(S$V




M


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93H@,3!P=<^)B

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




'!T)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@




M;&4]

S@L
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z



T0G9F]N



Y.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M


'!T
M)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M:7IE.B`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO




M9#0Y-F4T
S!?

M='
O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]




@


]





M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L

T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

M.B`Y






'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M,7!T('-O;&ED)SXR,#$R/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C

3(\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V

T0G

S@L


3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4G/B8C




3!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T
M)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%C8V]U;G0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C


W
M+#







SPO
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0G/B8C

C`T

M

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V




'!E;G-E(AB96YE9FET*3PO=&0^/'1D('-T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@






T0G9F]N=#H@

M8CXF(S$V


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S








Z

T0P(&%L








3!P=#L@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXR


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M969T.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B

T0G








T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


#`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SXF(S$V

M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H


'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

#L\







38P


\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G
M/B8C

M/B8C




#0L
C


M;&4]




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M-7!T)SXF(S$V


M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9#0Y-F4T
S!?


O4VAE970R

M


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R

M
3(L(#(P



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#$R+`R,#`Y/&)R/E)O8F5R=!
:7-L92P@1F]R
M;65R($-H:65F($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



M













]


]
T1N=6UP/C0T+C4P


T1T
M;W`^0V%N8V5L;&%T:6]N(&]F(&1E8G0@;W=E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]D-#DV930S
%\S-#EB7S0T9C1?831E-5\U9C(X



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO



24-)15
@*$1E=&%I;'



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



M;7`^.3DN


S$N



]
T1T97AT/C(@8W5S=&]M97)S/'-P






P7S
T.6)?
M-#1F-%]A-&4U7S5F
C@W





]

T1)1#!%
T=!0SX-B`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M
S



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


S!?
S0Y8E\T

M.B\O+T
Z+V0T.39E-#
P7S
T.6)?-#1F-%]A-&4U7S5F
C@W
6(Y-S@V8B]7

C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4T0T%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]





]
T1T97AT/B9N


]





M9#0Y-F4T
S!?

M='




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS

M1#$^
2!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5&5R




#$P/&)R/E1I;6]T:'D@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

3$
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
3(L







]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PV
M


]
T1N=6UP/C

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N


]





S4L




C(L

M;7`^















]






]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]



]

]


]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(X+#8P



]


]



]



]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPW-#4I/'-P86X^

3(L-3`P

]

T1T;W`^0F%K960@5V]R;&0L($Q
0SPO=&0^#0H@






34L


\+W1D

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PV


P7S
T.6)?-#1F-%]A-&4U7S5F
C@W
M


]
M



]




M;F-O;64@5&%X97


T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S
M97



]
T1P




M0SHO9#0Y-F4T
S!?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M




]



]











]


'0O:'1M;#L@


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]

]

]
T1N=6T^





]





]


M+R\O0SHO9#0Y-F4T
S!?







M:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T


 'defref_FBEC_IncomeTaxesDetails1Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_AccruedInterestRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedRoyaltiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductionRelatedImpairmentsOrCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_InventoryDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_FBEC_OrganizationAndBusinessAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_PrepaidExpenseTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_EntityCommonEquitySalePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_RelatedPartiesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_CapitalStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_RelatedPartiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_PrepaidExpenseDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_IncomeTaxesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_IncomeTaxesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_InventoryTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskAdditionalCharacteristic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_RevenueConcentrationRiskThreshold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_PrepaidExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 80%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_IncomeTaxesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FBEC_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReduction'

