

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-17-001364
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170522
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170522
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FBEC Worldwide Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311735
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				061678089
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52297
		FILM NUMBER:		17861488
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16639 ROCKER ROAD
		CITY:			ROUGH AND READY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95975
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-330-3798
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16639 ROCKER ROAD
		CITY:			ROUGH AND READY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95975
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100305
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASSURE DATA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041216









     







SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
 D.C.&nbsp;20549



ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the
December 31
 2016

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the
transition period from ________________ to _________________
Commission
File No.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
FBEC WORLDWIDE
 INC.
(Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)


    
    
    

(State
        or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
        Employer
Identification
        No.)




1621
    Central Ave
 Cheyenne
 WY 
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
(Zip
    Code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:


Title
    of each class
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
        
    
    
        


Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:



Common
    Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

(Title
    of class)


Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer


Indicate
&uml;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
x

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
 and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)


    
Large
    accelerated filer
Accelerated
    filer

    
Non-accelerated
    filer
Smaller
    reporting company

    
Emerging
    growth company
    

If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for


Indicate


The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of May 17
 2017 was $----------- (computed by
reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold ($0.0007)
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter). For purposes of the foregoing
calculation only
 directors
 executive officers
 and holders of 10% or more of the issuer&rsquo;s common capital stock have been
deemed affiliates.
The number
of shares outstanding of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of May 17
 2017 was -----------------.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE: None.




    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
1B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Item
9A.
    
    

Item
9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    

        17

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

        18

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    





    
    





Report on Form 10-K (the &quot;Report&rdquo;)
 the terms &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;FBEC
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refers to FBEC Worldwide
 Inc. f/k/a Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.
 a Wyoming corporation.




the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) regarding events
 conditions and financial trends which may affect the Company&rsquo;s
future plans of operations
 business strategy
 operating results and financial position. Such statements are not guarantees of
future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within
the forward-looking statements. Additional factors are described in the Company&rsquo;s other public reports and filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements
 which speak only as of the date made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision
of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events.


estimates and plans related to us and the industry in which we operate
 which assume certain events
 trends and activities will
occur and the projected information based on those assumptions. We do not know that all of our assumptions are accurate. If our
assumptions are wrong about any events
 trends and activities
 then our estimates for future growth for our business may also be
wrong. There can be no assurance that any of our estimates as to our business growth will be achieved.


and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes associated with them contained elsewhere
in this Report. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed in this Report will necessarily continue
into the future or that any conclusion reached in this Report will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the
future. The discussion represents only the best assessment of management.




    
    









under the laws of Nevada on November&nbsp;18
 2002 under the name Assure Data
 Inc. after which it commenced operations as a comprehensive
automated data backup and retrieval company for small and medium-sized businesses. Currently
 the Company is engaged in the sale
of hemp based energy products.


 2010
 the Company
entered into a purchase agreement with Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and a trademark assignment
for the purchase of the intellectual property rights of a beverage created and developed by Innovative known as &ldquo;Unwind.&rdquo;
The Company subsequently applied for and received a separate trademark featuring its new logo and the term Unwind Ultimate Relaxation
in 2010. The Company intends to reformulate the product.


 2014
 the
Company purchased 90% of Dance Broadcast Systems
 Inc. for 10
000 Series A Preferred Stock with a par value of $.001. The preference
allows the holder to vote 66.67% of the available votes for all purposes regardless of the other votes outstanding as long as one
share of this series is outstanding. The designation for the Series A Preferred Stock was filed with the Secretary of State of
Nevada on January 24
 2014. This transaction was recorded as a reverse merger with January 13
 2014 now becoming the inception
date for accounting purposes. This transaction caused a change of control of the company to Vinyl Groove Productions
 Inc.


Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on January 13
 2014. The company was to set up an internet dance music broadcast station and
sponsor concerts for our other subsidiaries. Assets were to be purchased for this purpose but the purchase of equipment was not
concluded.


 the Company
sold its 51% stake in Blue 22 Entertainment for the receipt of 50 million common shares of NX Global
 Inc. stock. Because the stock
received does not have a current filing on Pink Sheets no value has been placed on the stock and no gain or loss has been recognized.


 the Company
entered into an agreement to be the distributor at retail of a oil emulsification product used to separate oil from various waste
streams produced from oil wells
 and oil storage or shipping.


 2014
 the Company
increased its authorized shares from 500
000
000 to 950
000
000.


 2014
 the
Company increased its authorized shares from 950
000
000 to 1
970
000
000.


subsidiaries were sold on June 26
 2014. The company does not retain any rights nor any liabilities of the disposed of subsidiaries.


 2014
 the
Company increased its authorized shares from 1
970
000
000 to 2
970
000
000.


 2014
 the
Company was re-domiciled to the State of Wyoming and increased its authorized common shares to 5
000
000
000.


 2014
 the
Company changed its name to FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.


 2014
 the
company effected 1:1000 reverse split. All share and per share amounts herein have been retroactively restated to reflect the split.




    
    



June 2015

 Consulting
Agreement
 and Royalty Agreement with G. Randall &amp; Sons
 Inc. These agreements provide for the asset purchase of the proprietary
hemp-based formula used in the Company&rsquo;s beverage energy shot. G. Randall and Sons will provide ongoing consulting services
in blending new formula(s) and working directly with FBEC to improve and blend existing formulas. The Company purchased the asset
for $50
000. The purchase includes a $15
000 cash payment and $35
000 8% Convertible Note with a 6 month maturity date and conversion
features of 75% of the average closing price 20 days previous to conversion. This represents a 25% discount to the average closing
price 20 days previous to conversion.


November 12
 2015
 FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.
 (&ldquo;FBEC&rdquo;) entered into a joint venture agreement (the &ldquo;JV Agreement&rdquo;)
with CBD Globe Distributors Ltd (&ldquo;CBD&rdquo;). Pursuant to the JV Agreement FBEC and CBD will form a limited liability company
(the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;)
 which shall be owned as follows: 50.1% by FBEC and 49.9% by CBD. The LLC shall create a strategic alliance
between the brands currently held by the parties
 respectively in an effort to lend support in a multitude of areas and consolidate
businesses in the cannabis and hemp industry. FBEC will take on the role of online digital marketer in a wide variety of online
spaces as well as provide fulfillment support for the distribution of all brands at FBEC&rsquo;s expense. To the extent set forth
in this Agreement
 each of the Parties shall own an undivided fractional part in the LLC. Jason Spatafora and Patrick Folkes shall
be the managing members of the LLC (the &ldquo;Managing Members&rdquo;).


The JV Agreement may be terminated by either party in writing with thirty
(30) days&rsquo; notice. Agreement has expired.


through the operations of LLC
 in connection with m&aacute; products
 an ultra-high grade certified CBD hemp oil product which
comes with a flavor cartridge
 vapor pen
 and 1ml of ma CBD oil
 will perform the following tasks:



Handle all digital and social media marketing;
attempt to increase sales online and via wholesale channels utilizing SEO activities and Google Adword commitment.

Connect fulfillment centre to website
and coordinate sales GUI for wholesale ordering by sales team members.

Data collection on retailers
 distributors
and wholesalers.

Identify
 list and provide all free or
discounted banner groups available.

Implement logistical and distribution
manager to handle fulfillment needs by using inventory management software.

Create a tracking platform using available
technology to maintain accurate records of purchase orders
 accounts receivable and all other expenditures related to day to day
business of m&aacute; products.

Create marketing strategies to extend
the footprint of all brands associated with the LLC by both traditional marketing means
 celebrity endorsement and product placement
with prior approval of strategy and marketing aims in unison with CBD as brand owners.

Seek funding commitments for both promotions
and conventions.

Provide its scientific advisory team to
propose ideas to CBD
 test and create new products that CBD could deem unique and worth pursuing by unanimous consent of the Managing
Members.

Seek approval from CBD in connection with
the marketing of any other competing product or proposition
 without such approval FBEC would be prohibited from any further activity
in this respect.

Liaise with CBD on all proposed product
pricing issues
 discounts
 promotions
 campaigns
 PR
 social media
 advertising and all other marketing issues with the objective
of streamlining m&aacute; brand and marketing campaigns worldwide.

Coordinate the payment to CBD of its profit
distribution
 pursuant to the Operating Agreement
 within 10 business days of each month end.





    
    




through the operations of the LLC
 will:



Share any future distribution pipeline
opportunities with FBEC for the purpose of extending the m&aacute; brand exposure in the cannabis and hemp space.

Design a website
 and create a new e-Commerce
platforms.

Manage of all internet properties.Direct
all revenue and product flow related to the m&aacute; brand in the United States through the LLC and assist FBEC in its preparation
of periodic financial reports as to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



parties shall share the net profit realized by the LLC
 if any
 within 10 business days of each month end. All net profit is to
be disbursed 50% (Fifty percent) to each party. FBEC shall also issue CBD 6
000
000 shares of restricted common stock over the
coming year.


to the date of the JV Agreement
 the parties thereto had no interaction other than the negotiation of the JV Agreement.


 2015
 FBEC
Worldwide
 Inc.
 (&ldquo;FBEC&rdquo;) entered into a joint venture agreement (the &ldquo;JV Agreement&rdquo;) with DuBe Hemp Beverages
Inc. (&ldquo;DUBE&rdquo;). Pursuant to the JV Agreement FBEC and DUBE will form a limited liability company (the &ldquo;LLC&rdquo;)
which shall be owned as follows: 50.1% by FBEC and 49.9% by DUBE. The LLC shall create a strategic alliance between the brands
currently held by the parties
 respectively in an effort to lend support in a multitude of areas and consolidate businesses in
the cannabis and hemp industry. FBEC will take on the role of online digital marketer in a wide variety of online spaces as well
as provide fulfillment support for the distribution of all brands at FBEC&rsquo;s expense. To the extent set forth in this Agreement
each of the Parties shall own an undivided fractional part in the LLC. Jason Spatafora and Phil Restifo shall be the managing members
of the LLC (the &ldquo;Managing Members&rdquo;).


The JV Agreement may be terminated by either party in writing with thirty (30) days&rsquo; notice.
The agreement has expired.


 through the operations
of LLC
 in connection with the products produced by DUBE
 will perform the following tasks:



Handle all digital and social media marketing;
attempt to increase sales online and via wholesale channels utilizing SEO activities and Google Adword commitment.

Connect fulfillment centre to website
and coordinate sales GUI for wholesale ordering by sales team members.

Data collection on retailers
 distributors
and wholesalers.

Identify
 list and provide all free or
discounted banner groups available.

Implement logistical and distribution
manager to handle fulfillment needs by using inventory management software.

Create a tracking platform using available
technology to maintain accurate records of purchase orders
 accounts receivable and all other expenditures related to day to day
business of m&aacute; products.

Create marketing strategies to extend
the footprint of all brands associated with the LLC by both traditional marketing means
 celebrity endorsement and product placement
with prior approval of strategy and marketing aims in unison with DUBE as brand owners.

Agree to a funding commitments for both
promotions and conventions.

Provide its scientific advisory team to
propose ideas to DUBE
 test and create new products that DUBE could deem unique and worth pursuing.

Seek approval from DUBE in connection with the marketing
of any other competing product or proposition
 without such approval FBEC would be prohibited from any further activity in this
respect.




    
    





Liaise with DUBE on all proposed product
pricing issues
 discounts
 promotions
 campaigns
 PR
 social media
 advertising and all other marketing issues with the objective
of streamlining m&aacute; brand and marketing campaigns worldwide.

Coordinate the payment to DUBE of its
profit distribution
 pursuant to the Operating Agreement
 within 10 business days of each month end.

DUBE
 through the operations of the LLC
will:

Share distribution pipeline opportunities
marketing
 and public relations with FBEC for the purpose of extending DUBE products and FEBEC&rsquo;s WolfShot (&ldquo;WolfShot&rdquo;)
brand footprints in the cannabis and hemp space.

Connect FBEC with all personnel currently
managing and overseeing the production
 sales
 distribution
 packaging
 and marketing of DUBE products.

Direct all revenue and product flow related to the
DUBE brand in the United States through the LLC and assist FBEC in its preparation of periodic financial reports as to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



the net profit realized by the LLC
 if any
 within 10 business days of each month end. 30% of all net profits related to DUBE products
shall be distributed to FBEC. 70% of all net profits related to DUBE products shall be distributed to DUBE. 30% of all net profits
related to WolfShot products to shall be distributed to DUBE. 70% of all net profits related to WolfShot products shall be distributed
to FBEC. 50% of all net profits related to co-branded products shall be distributed to both parties. FBEC shall also issue DUBE
6
000
000 shares of restricted common stock over the coming year.


JV Agreement
 the parties thereto had no interaction other than the negotiation of the JV Agreement.


products acquired on or before 2015 have ceased to be sold or utilized by the Company.


 the Company
resolved to reduce the authorized common shares to 2
200
000
000 effective March 18
 2016.


is quoted on the OTC Market Groups
 Inc. OTCQB (the &ldquo;OTCQB&rdquo;) under the symbol &quot;FBEC.&quot;




Worldwide
 Inc. operates a sales
 distribution and marketing business for the promotion and sale of hemp based energy drinks.




 the Company
purchased the formula for its first hemp based energy shot Wolf Shot&trade; and began distribution in the fourth quarter of 2015.


 the Company
entered into two joint venture agreements to market
 distribute and promote two additional lines of hemp based energy drink products.


offering any products or services acquired or represented prior to June of 2015.




    
    





is quite diverse in its products ranging from caffeine based through &ldquo;all natural&rdquo; products derived from organic compounds.
There are few products distributed nationally that are hemp based for energy production.




is highly competitive. Competition in the category exists based on price
 packaging
 flavors
 consumer acceptance of products
shelf space and new product development. In order to compete effectively in the industry
 we believe that we must produce products
that stand out from the competition through taste
 visual appearance
 price
 and product quality. We believe that our principal
strength is our product quality and that we will face competition from companies who focus on price as opposed to quality.


to compete with a wide variety of energy drinks produced by companies that have substantially greater financial
 marketing and
distribution resources. Competition in the industry could have a material adverse effect on our products and business results if
we are unable to gain the market share required for us to attain profitability.


with all other liquid refreshments
 including those produced by large internationally known companies
 all of which have greater
financial and marketing resources.


we believe that our products currently compete favorably with respect to such factors
 we cannot provide any assurance that we
can maintain our competitive position against current and potential competitors
 especially those with significantly greater brand
recognition
 or financial
 marketing
 support
 technical and other resources.




own products
 but rely on third-party contract packers (&quot;Co-packers&quot;) to produce and package our products on an &ldquo;as
needed&rdquo; basis. We have no long term agreement in place for the services and we intend to evaluate and potentially make arrangements
with additional Co-packers to manufacture our products.




of our beverages and snack products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and local health agencies
including in particular the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;). The FDA also regulates labeling of our products.
We have no regulatory notifications or actions pending at this time.


 distribution
and sale of our products in the United States is subject to various federal and state regulations
 including but not limited to:
the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act; the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994; the Occupational Safety and Health
Act; various environmental statutes; and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products.




    
    




federal and state regulations is crucial to the Company&rsquo;s success. Although we believe that we are in compliance with applicable
regulations
 should the FDA or any state in which we operate amend its guidelines or impose more stringent interpretations of current
laws or regulations
 we may not be able to comply with these new guidelines. Such regulations could require the reformulation of
certain products to meet new standards
 market withdrawal or discontinuation of certain products we are unable to reformulate
imposition of additional record keeping requirements
 expanded documentation regarding the properties of certain products
 expanded
or different labeling and/or additional scientific substantiation. Failure to comply with applicable requirements could result
in sanctions being imposed on the Company or the manufacturers of any of our products
 including but not limited to fines
 injunctions
product recalls
 seizures and criminal prosecution.




the production and distribution of our products and do not own or operate our own manufacturing facilities. As such
 we do not
believe that we are subject to any federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations which would have a material adverse
effect upon our capital expenditures
 net income or competitive position. We have not expended any capital resources on compliance
with federal
 state or local environmental laws since entering the beverage and snack product industry.




 2010
 the Company
entered into a Purchase Agreement with Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 for the purchase of the
intellectual property rights for 
 which was created and developed by Innovative. In conjunction with the Purchase
Agreement
 the parties executed a Trademark Assignment which was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the
&ldquo;USPTO&rdquo;) assigning us rights to trademarks for &ldquo;Unwind Extreme Relaxation&rdquo; and &ldquo;Unwind.&rdquo; Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement
 flavor
 including all rights to the proprietary
formula used to manufacture 
 name and trademark
 and all other trademarks
 service marks
copyrights
 patents and other intellectual property associated therewith
 and (iii) all documentation used in and/or necessary
 beverage
 including but not limited to manufacturing instructions
 ingredient
lists
 (the &quot;Purchased Property&quot;). As consideration
for the Purchased Property
 we agreed to pay Innovative or its assigns: (i) sixty cents ($0.60) for every twenty-four (24) cans
or bottles (or such other beverage container in which Frontier chooses to sell the 
flavor brand
 flavor brand
(and/or any beverages developed using any of the intellectual property rights included in the Purchased Property) that the Company
sells during each fiscal quarter (the &quot;Royalty Payments&quot;).


to pay the Royalty Payments to Innovative is perpetual. The Company is obligated to provide a detailed breakdown of product sold
during each quarter with Royalty Payments due and payable within thirty (30) days of the end of each fiscal quarter. In the event
 is sold to a third party
 the Company's obligation to make Royalty Payments shall cease. Royalty Payments will
not be paid to Innovative on samples or slotting product or product used in lieu of money.


Agreement
 the Company has the right to sell
 transfer or convey the Purchased Property to a third-party purchaser (a &quot;Future
Sale&quot;). Upon such a Future Sale
 the Company is obligated to pay Innovative three and one-half percent (3.5%) of the sales
price it receives from such sale of the Purchased Property and/or the sale of any right thereof. Such payment will be due and payable
to Innovative within ten (10) days of the closing of any such Future Sale. If the consideration that the Company agrees to receive
through a proposed Future Sale involves anything but a lump sum payment of cash
 then the Company must allocate three and one-half
percent (3.5%) of any consideration received directly to Innovative. Upon completion of a Future Sale transaction
 the Company's
obligations to Innovative will cease.




    
    



a trademark for &ldquo;Unwind Ultimate Relaxation.&rdquo;


June 2015

 Consulting
Agreement
 and Royalty Agreement with G. Randall &amp; Sons
 Inc. These agreements provide for the asset purchase of the proprietary
hemp-based formula used in the Company&rsquo;s beverage energy shot. G. Randall and Sons will provide ongoing consulting services
in blending new formula(s) and working directly with FBEC to improve and blend existing formulas. 




During
2016
 the Company dedicated no funds to research and development. However
 in light of our operational focus
 we anticipate that
we will allocate little funds
 to the extent available
 for future research and development of energy drink products.



We
currently employ one full-time employee and from time to time we also use independent contractors on an as-needed basis for our
operations.




located at http://www.fbecworldwide.com. Reference to our Internet website herein does not constitute incorporation by reference
in this Annual Report of the information contained on or hyperlinked from our Internet website and such information should not
be considered part of this Annual Report.


annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis
 and are required to disclose certain
material events in a current report on Form 8-K. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the Public
Reference Room at the SEC located at 100 F Street NE
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m.
to 3 p.m. The public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.
The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.





reporting company&rdquo; as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information
required under this Item.















issue with prior director if it is unresolved.









    
    






    
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES





on the OTC Market Groups
 Inc. OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;FBEC.&rdquo; The following table shows the high and low bid information
for our Common Stock for each quarter ended during the last two fiscal years. This information has been obtained from the OTCQB.
The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions.



Year
    Ended
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2017
 the last
sale price of our Common Stock reported by the OTCQB was $0.0007.




Corporation
 our transfer agent
 indicate that as of May 17
 2017
 we had -- holders of record of our Common Stock. The number
of registered shareholders excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock held in &ldquo;street
name.&rdquo; As of May 17
 2017
 we had ------------ shares of our Common Stock outstanding to these parties.




we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 to fund operations
and the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our
Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition
 operating results
 capital requirements
 applicable contractual
restrictions
 restrictions in our organizational documents
 and any other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans






    
    





sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31
 2016.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers


of equity securities by the Company or affiliated purchasers during the year ended December 31
 2016.



    
    



reporting company&rdquo; as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information
required under this Item.



    
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward Looking
Statements


number of forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
products
 future results and events and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical
fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will
or may occur in the future
 statements related to distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
 adequacy
of funds from operations
 statements expressing general optimism about future operating results and non-historical information
are forward looking statements. In particular
 the words &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;intend
&quot; &ldquo;anticipate
&quot;
&quot;estimate
&quot; &quot;may
&quot; &quot;will
&quot; variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements
 but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean that the statement is
not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 including those discussed
herein. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed
in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to revise any forward-looking
statements whether because of new information
 future events or otherwise.


undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are based on management's current expectations and projections about
future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions (including those described
below) and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from
the results expressed in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences
include those discussed in press releases and other communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business.




to pursue our business plan and conduct our operations; however
 the ability to obtain the necessary and appropriate funding is
uncertain. We intend to expand our product line
 either through development or acquisition
 and intend to hire sufficient sales
personnel necessary for us to gain a greater distribution network for our products. We believe that we will require significant
additional capital resources from outside sources including equity and/or debt financings in order to meet our goals and continue
operations. We believe we need to raise between $2
000
000 and $5
000
000 in order to meet these goals.




    
    





statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern
 which is dependent upon the Company's ability to establish itself
as a profitable business. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of approximately $6
141
739 and for the
year ended December 31
 2016
 incurred net gain of approximately $187
571. Management's plans to increase operations to include
the marketing of the oil emulsification products by obtaining additional funds through the issuance of securities or borrowings.
Accordingly
 management is of the opinion that marketing combined with additional funding will result in improved operations and
cash flow in 2016 and beyond. However
 there can be no assurance that management will be successful in obtaining additional funding
or in attaining profitable operations.


do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in operation.




 2016
our working capital deficit was approximately $1
275
521
 our accumulated deficit was approximately $6
141
739 and our stockholders&rsquo;
deficit was approximately $2
418
838. Operating loss was approximately $3
271
828 during the period from January 13
 2014 (date
of inception) through December 31
 2016. Net cash outlay from operations was approximately $208
273 for the year ended December
31
 2016.


of our current business plan in January 2014 and have not yet attained a level of revenue to allow us to meet our current overhead.
We have historically reported net losses from operations and negative cash flows. Additionally
 we have not yet attained a level
of revenues to allow us to meet our current overhead and we had $63
199 cash at December 31
 2016. In view of these facts
 the
continued successful operation of the Company is dependent upon us obtaining additional financing and achieving a positive cash
flow while maintaining adequate liquidity. Based on our current marketing plan and expected sales demand
 we do not contemplate
attaining profitable operations until 2016
 and there is no assurance that such an operating level can ever be achieved. We are
dependent upon obtaining additional financing in order to adequately fund working capital
 infrastructure
 manufacturing expenses
and sales and marketing expenses to gain market recognition
 so that we can achieve a level of revenue adequate to support our
cost structure
 none of which can be assured.


will be able to raise the capital required to execute the Company's business plan and become profitable; however
 due to conditions
and influences out of our control
 including the current state of the national economy
 we cannot guarantee that profitability
will be achieved or that it will be achieved in the stated time frame
 nor is there any assurance that such an operating level
can ever be achieved.


amounts on the development or acquisition of new businesses. Further
 we may not have sufficient resources to fully develop any
new products unless we are able to raise additional financing on acceptable terms or secure funds from new or existing partners.
We can make no assurances that additional financing will be available on favorable terms or at all. Additionally
 these conditions
may increase the cost to raise capital. If additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities
the issuance of such securities would result in dilution to our existing stockholders. Additionally
 these conditions may increase
costs to raise capital and/or result in further dilution. Our failure to raise capital when needed would adversely affect our business
financial condition and results of operations
 and could force us to reduce or cease our operations.




    
    



next twelve (12) months
 we will be able to meet the costs of growth and public reporting with funds generated from operations
and additional amounts generated through debt and equity financing. Although management believes that the required financing to
fund product development and increasing inventory levels can be secured at terms satisfactory to the Company
 there is no guarantee
these funds will be made available
 and if funds are available
 that the terms will be satisfactory to the Company.


of the following components for the years ended December 31:



    
    

    
307
000

    
    

    
307
000

    
    

    
208
273

    
80
000

    
    

    
289
110

    
    

    
17
890





costs include the following items as a percentage and dollar value of total operating expense.



    
December 31
 2016


 (paid and accrued officers&rsquo; compensation)
    
127
500

    
    
68
774

    
    
69
998

    
    
42
762



034
as a result of the following items:


the paid and accrued officer&rsquo;s compensation by the current officers of the Company.


from audit
 accounting and legal services related to operations.


of consultants who provided
 accounting
 business advisory
 promotional and subsidiary management services.

Other Expense
 net


attributable to general office and travel costs plus a one-time impairment cost on inventory of $22
443.




    
    





balance sheet arrangements.



    
    



reporting company&rdquo; as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 and as such
 is not required to provide the information
required under this Item.



    
    



required by this Item are listed in Part IV
 Item 15 of this Form 10-K
 are presented beginning on Page F-1
 and are incorporated
herein by this reference.



    
    






    
    


Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with GAAP. The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:



pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;

provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.


limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


preparation of our annual financial statements
 we have assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31
 2015
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission
 or the COSO Framework. Management&rsquo;s assessment included an evaluation of the design
of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls. Based on this
evaluation
 management has determined that as of December 31
 2015
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
and there were weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as outlined below.




    
    





procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the &quot;Exchange Act&quot;) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time period specified
in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management
 as appropriate
 in order to allow
timely decisions in connection with required disclosure.




under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&quot;Exchange Act&quot;)
 the Mr. Harris
 the Company's Chief Executive Officer (&quot;CEO&quot;)
and Chief Financial Officer (&quot;CFO&quot;) (the Company&rsquo;s principal financial and accounting officer)
 of the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end
of the period covered by this report.


the Company&rsquo;s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December
31
 2015 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under
the Exchange Act
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and
forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the Company&rsquo;s
CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
 due to the material weaknesses described
below.


a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis.


weaknesses in internal controls and procedures is due to the Company's lack of sufficient personnel with expertise in the area
of SEC
 generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and tax accounting procedures. In addition
 the Company lacks the personnel
structure
 size and complexity to segregate duties sufficiently for proper controls. The Company has not implemented a formal system
of internal control that provides for multiple levels of supervision and review.


without sufficient funds to hire additional personnel with expertise in these areas and to segregate duties for proper controls
and until such time as additional personnel are hired
 the Company believes that it will continue to recognize a weakness in its
internal controls and procedures.


is to hire additional personnel to properly implement a control structure when the appropriate funds become available. In the meantime
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will continue to perform or supervise the performance of additional accounting
and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including detailed validation work with regard to balance sheet account
balances
 additional analysis on income statement amounts and managerial review of all significant account balances and disclosures
to ensure that the Company's Annual Report and the financial statements forming part thereof are in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31
 2016 that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting.


not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 wherein non-accelerated filers are exempt from Sarbanes-Oxley internal control
audit requirements.









    
    






    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





serve or have served during the year ended December 31
 2015 as directors and executive officers of our Company. All directors
of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified.
The executive officers of our Company are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their death
 resignation or
removal from office.




        
        
        

        
        
        

        
        
        

    
March 31
 2015
    

    
April 28
 2015
CEO
 President and Director

    
May 8
 2015
    

    
August 1
 2015 and September 29
 2015
    

    
September 10
 2015
    

    
April 28
 2015
CEO
 President and Director



effective August 
 2015

effective

effective September 12
 2015

effective September 11
 2015

effective


or understandings between our officers and directors and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as a director
or officer
 and there are no arrangements
 plans or understandings as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their
voting rights to continue to elect the current Board of Directors. There are also no arrangements
 agreements or understandings
to our knowledge between non-management shareholders that may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management
of our affairs.


account of the business experience during at least the past five years of our current and prior officers and directors.



 2015 Michael
Wilcox was seated as a Director. Mr. Wilcox has been a self-employed entrepreneur for the last several years.


 2015 Robert
Sand was seated as Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Sand has extensive experience
developing new businesses and start-ups. Mr. sand resigned on September 12
 2015.


 2015 Darren

businesses and start-ups. Mr. Hamans started his management career with the Canadian based Meridian/Wolsely as the Territory
Manager for five years where he was instrumental in developing marketing programs and managing a $2
000
000 portfolio. He was
CEO of Gasketmaster &amp; Supply Corp for 14 years
 based in Edmonton
 Alberta-Canada; and CEO of Tri-C Industrial Supply for
4 years. More recently
 Mr. Hamans was CEO of the Southern California-based Simply Talk where he developed a distribution
network in South America. Mr. Hamans ceased activities with the company in July 2015.




    
    


On
August 1
 2015 Jason Spatafora was seated as a Director of the Company. On September 29
 2015 Mr. Spatafora signed a replacement
employment contract and became CEO
 President and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Spatafora as substantial experience in
marketing and public relations. 


 2016
 Jason
Spatafora resigned from all positions. The Company entered into an employment agreement with Jeffrey Greene to become the Chief
Executive Officer. The term of the agreement is one year with a base salary of $10
000 per month. Mr. Greene is to receive 50
000
000
restricted common shares and 150 Series A Preferred shares are to be transferred from their current holder. An additional bonus
of 10
000
000 common shares will be due for each $500
000 in revenue up to $1
000
000 the Company receives during the term of the
agreement.




employee.








during the past ten years
 our sole officer and director was not involved in any legal proceedings that are material to an evaluation
of his ability or integrity as an officer and director.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


are in compliance as of the filing date.




 2009
 the
Company's Board of Directors approved a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives for 2010 to be signed by the Company's principal
executive officer
 principal financial officer
 and any other senior officers with financial oversight responsibilities. A form
of the Code of Ethics for Financial Executives is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Commission on April 13
 2010. The Company will provide a copy of this policy free of charge upon written request to Jeffrey
Greene
 President
 FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.
 1621 Central Ave
 Cheyenne
 WY 82001




maintain separate audit
 nominating or compensation committees. When necessary
 the entire Board of Directors performs the tasks
that would be required of those committees. Furthermore
 we do not have a qualified financial expert serving on the Board of Directors
at this time
 because we have not been able to hire a qualified candidate and we have inadequate financial resources at this time
to hire such an expert.



    
    





information for services rendered in all capacities from the period since inception (January 13
 2014) through December 31
 2016.
The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
 the number of stock options granted and certain
other compensation
 if any
 whether paid or deferred.




    
    



compensation of the Company's principal executive officers who served the Company in such capacities during the period since inception
(January 13
 2014) through December 31
 2016. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries
 bonus awards
the number of stock options granted and certain other compensation
 if any
 whether paid or deferred.



    


        
        
    




    
 Compensation ($)

       Total ($)


        

 Treasurer
 Director

        
        

        

000

        
        

        
        

        

000

    
    
95
625
498
421
65
678
659
724

    
    
16
667
    
    
16
667

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
75
000
189
200
    
264
200

    
    
42
500
    
    
42
500

    
    
85
000
    
    
85
000


Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table




an employment contract to be a director and President of the Company on November 1
 2014. The contract is for one year with an
automatic renewal for one year unless notice is given 60 days prior to the end of the contract by the Company that it doesn&rsquo;t
intend to extend the contract. The base salary is $150
000 to be paid as $7
500 in cash and $5
000 in preferred stock from November
1
 2014 through April 30
 2015. Upon sufficient operating capital being raised and completion of other anticipated corporate events
and 100% of Mr. Hobday employment hours being supplied to the Company he will be paid $7
500 cash and $5
000 in preferred stock
from May 1
 2015 through October 31
 2015. On November 1 of each year of the contract Mr. Hobday will receive $75
000 in Preferred
Series C stock
 when available. Mr. Hobday may also receive up to &frac12; of his base salary as a bonus per year based on milestones
to be agreed by the Board of Directors and the employee. Mr. Hobday resigned effective March 31
 2015.




employment contract to be Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer on April 28
 2015. Mr. Sand will receive
an annual salary of $175
000 paid in equal monthly installments. Additionally
 he received 150
000
000 restricted common shares
that fully vest on April 27
 2016 and will also receive $75
000 in restricted common stock at each anniversary date of the contract
at a 50% discount to market of the volume weighted average of the prior ten days to the anniversary date. His contract was changed
in June 2015 to increase his salary to $295
000. Mr. Sand resigned September 12
 2015.




an employment agreement to provide corporate business development and be a corporate director on May 8
 2015. Mr. Hamans will receive
$100
000 per annum in salary to be paid in equal installments. Additionally
 he will receive $50
000 in restricted common stock
at the signing of the agreement and at each anniversary date of the contract at a 50% discount to market of the volume weighted
average of the prior ten days to the anniversary date. Mr. Hamans ceased association with the Company in July 2015.




    
    





an employment agreement to provide marketing development and later to become President of the Company on August 1
 2015 and September
29 
 2015. Mr. Spatafora will receive $15
000 per month in salary and 2
000
000 restricted shares of common stock.






or other equity awards outstanding under the Company's 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. For a description of the Company's 2008 Equity
Incentive Plan

 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES - Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans




a compensation policy for its directors for their service at this time. We have no present formal plan for further compensating
our directors for their service in their capacity as such.



    
    



forth the ownership
 as of May 17
 2017
 of our Common Stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our outstanding Common Stock
 each of our directors and executive officers; and all of our directors and executive officers
as a group. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock has been presented in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. This table is based upon information
derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws
where applicable
 we believe that each of the shareholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as otherwise listed below
 the address of each person is c/o Jeffrey Greene
President
 FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.
 1621 Central Ave
 Cheyenne
 WY 82001. There were --- shares of Common Stock outstanding as of
May 17
 2017.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 President
 Director
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 President
 Director
2
000
000
    

    
50
000
000
    

    
52
000
000
    





    
    




    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE





 the Company issued 150
000
000
common shares to Robert Sand as a signing bonus related to his employment contract.


 the Company agreed to issue
10
000
000 common shares to Jason Spatafora related to his employment contract. The share amount was reduced to 2
000
000 in September
2015 and as of this filing have not been issued.


 2016
 the Company has outstanding
advances to former officers and directors aggregating $22
675. The advances are unsecured
 due on demand and bear no interest.




currently listed on a national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system which would require that the Board of Directors
include a majority of directors that are &ldquo;independent.&rdquo; Furthermore
 no members of our Board of Directors would qualify
as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors as such term is defined in the NASDAQ Global Market listing standards.



    
    





$28
000 for fiscal 2014 and 2015 for services rendered by MaloneBailey
 LLP for the audit of our 2014 financial statements and
reviews of two quarters 2015.


000 for the
year ended December 31
 2016 for all quarterly reviews and the year end audit from Pinaki and Associates LLP.




expenses for the years ended 2015 and 2016 for professional services rendered by MaloneBailey
 LLP or Pinaki and Associates LLP
other than the fees disclosed above under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees&rdquo; for assurance and related services relating to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements.




expenses for the 2015 and 2016 fiscal years for professional services rendered by MaloneBailey
 LLP for tax compliance
 tax advice
or tax planning.




or expenses for the 2015 and 2016 fiscal years for any other products or professional services rendered by MaloneBailey
 LLP or
Pinaki and Associates LLP other than as described above.




    
    





maintain a separate audit committee. When necessary
 the entire Board of Directors performs the tasks that would be required of
such committees. As such
 at its regularly scheduled and special meetings
 the Board of Directors considers and pre-approves any
audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent accountants.





EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES





following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K beginning on the pages referenced below:



    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Period from January 1
 2015 through December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Period from January 1
2015 through December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit Period from January 1
 2015&nbsp;&nbsp;through December 31
 2016
    

    
    





    
    






following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K or are incorporated by reference as described below.




    
    


    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed June 3
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 3
 2009).


    
Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation effective February 4
 2010 (to change name to Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010).


    
Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on December 16
 2004).


    
Amendment to Bylaws of Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. (f/k/a Assure Data
 Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 20
 2010).


    
Amended and Restated Articles FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.
 State of Wyoming (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Current Report Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 22
 2016)


    
Amendment to the Articles of FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.
 State of Wyoming (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of the Current Report Form 14C Def filed with the Commission on April 14
 2017).


    
Purchase Agreement between Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. and Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc. dated March 1
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.0 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 5
 2010).


    
Demand Promissory Note payable to HBB
 LLC dated November 12
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010). 


    
Contract by and Between Beckerman and Frontier Beverages
 dated effective as of March 15
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 13
 2010).


    
Employment Agreement with Terry Harris&nbsp;(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 7
 2010). 


    
Employment Agreement with Timothy Barham (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 7
 2010). (1)


    
Universal Note and Security Agreement by and among Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. and Empire Food Brokers
 Inc. (Borrowers) and Trust One Bank (Lender) dated June 23
 2010. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16
 2010). 


    
Demand Promissory Note payable to Terry Harris dated April 15
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16
 2010).


    

 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 16



    
Independent Consulting Agreement with Halter Capital Corporation effective as of November 12
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 13
 2009).


    
Purchase Agreement between Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. and Gallant Acquisitions Corp. dated October 8
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14
 2013).


    
Employment Agreement with Christopher Bailey&nbsp;(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 14
 2013).


    
Purchase
Agreement between Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. and Vinyl Groove Productions
 Inc. dated February 3
 2014 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3
 2014). 


    
Employment Agreement with Michael Jamison &nbsp;January 2
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on June 23
 2015).&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
Employment Agreement with William Coogan &nbsp;2014
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on June 23
 2015).


    
Employment Agreement with Thomas L Crom III October 1
 2014
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 on the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on June 23
 2015).


    
Employment Agreement with Ian Hobday &nbsp;(incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 5
 2014).


    
Employment Agreement with Robert Sand (incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1
 2015).







    
    





    
Purchase Agreement between G Randall and Son&nbsp;&nbsp;(incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report of Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 30
 2015).


    
Employment Agreement with Darren Hamans &nbsp;(incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report of Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 19
 2015).


    
Employment Agreement with Jason Spatafora &nbsp;(incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report of Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6
 2015 and again on September&nbsp;&nbsp;30
 2015).


    
Employment Agreement with Jeffrey Greene &nbsp;(incorporated by reference to the of the Company&rsquo;s Report of Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7
 2016).


    
Convertible Promissory Note payable to Beaufort Capital Partners LLC dated July 8
 2015
 L@ Capital LLC
 dated December 20
 2016
 Power Up Lending Group Ltd.
 dated January 16
 2017
and Crown Bridge Partners LLC
 dated February 7
 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 15
 2017).


    
Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 13
 2010).


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




















    
    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    
    

DATE:
    May 22
 2017
FBEC
    WORLDWIDE
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
        
        
        
        



of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
President and Director (Principal Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
    
May 22
 2017






















    
    



INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Period from January 1
 2015 through December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Period from January 1
2015 through December 31
 2016
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit Period from January 1
 2015&nbsp;&nbsp;through December 31
 2016
    

    
    












    
    




 Inc.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
63
199
45
309

    
    
    

    
    
16
844

    
    
    

    
63
369
62
153

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
50
000
50
000

    
    
    

    
114
206
112
153

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
54
350
35
495

    
229
505
87
842

    
1
054
865
951
465


 net of debt discount
1
063
361
1
824
031

    
    
    

    
2
402
081
2
898
833

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
130
963
183
429

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
533
044
3
082
262

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized 1
000 and 10
000 shares respectively issued and

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 2
200
000
000 shares authorized;138
889
083 and 268
847

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
3
584
011
3
090
352

    
(6
141
739
(6
329
310

    
    
    

    
(2
418
838
(2
970
109

    
    
    

    
114
206
112
153



notes are integral part of these financials statements.




    
    




 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    
December 31
 2016
    
December 31
 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
529
3
129

    
2
529
3
129

    
    
    

    
1
136
2
313

    
    
    

    
1
393
    

    
    
    


 selling and administrative expenses
181
534
1
826
480

    
127
500
994
996

    
    
    

    
309
034
2
821
476

    
    
    

    
(307
641
(2
820
660

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
006
900
(62
430

    
2
561
577
(2
525
978

    
(59
465
336
651

    
    
    

    
495
212
(2
251
757

    
    
    

    
187
571
(5
072
417

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
187
571
(5
072
417

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
165
639
538
163
564
942

    
165
639
538
163
564
942



notes are integral part of these financials statements.





    
    




 Inc.





    
    
December 31
 2016
    
December 31
 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
187
571
(5
072
417



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
(955
180
2
525
978

    
    
959
821

    
    
1
171
900

    
791
589
(234
020

    
(336
651
(336
651

    
(72
794
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
844
    

    
    
    

    
5
208
    

    
155
310
    

    
    
    

    
(208
273
(985
389

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(80
000
    

    
307
000
985
661

    
    
    

    
227
000
985
661

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
17
890
    

    
    
    

    
45
309
45
037

    
    
    

    
63
199
45
309

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
21
238
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
363
700
33
068

    
    
1
059
592

    
    
26
625

    
    
33
068

    
691
133
51
703








    
    




 Inc.






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 at inception
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
138
781
    
(1
093
481
    
(1
093
342

    
    
    
19
250
    
54
081
    
54
100

    
    
    
1
000
    
4
099
    
4
100

    
    
    
25
750
    
105
475
    
105
500

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
044
632
2
045
300
824
    
302
869

    
    
    
    
    
761
584
    
761
584

    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
256
892
(1
256
892

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
10
000
    
2
244
413
2
244
132
567
(1
256
892
(1
122
071

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
152
000
000
152
000
1
019
900
    
1
171
900

    
    
    
26
339
226
26
339
933
482
    
959
821

    
    
    
34
857
431
34
858
(1
790
    
33
068

    
    
    
    
    
1
059
592
    
1
059
592

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(8
999
    
53
406
528
53
407
(53
399
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
072
418
(5
072
418


 December 31
 2015
1
000
    
268
847
598
268
848
3
090
352
(6
329
310
(2
970
109

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
27
041
485
27
041
336
659
    
363
700

    
    
    
(157
000
000
(157
000
157
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
187
571
187
571


 December 31
 2016
1
000
    
138
889
083
138
889
3
584
011
(6
141
739
(2
418
838



notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.





    
    


FBEC WORLDWIDE
 INC.
(FORMERLY FRONTIER BEVERAGE COMPANY
 INC.)








 Inc.
 f/k/a
Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;
 &ldquo;FBEC&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo;)
is a Wyoming corporation that was formed in November 2002 and commenced operations in April 2003. The Company was originally formed
to provide fully automated remote data backup services for small to medium sized businesses. Currently
 the Company is engaged
in developing additional beverage products.


 2010
 the Company
entered into a purchase agreement with Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and a trademark assignment
for the purchase of the intellectual property rights of a beverage created and developed by Innovative known as &ldquo;Unwind.&rdquo;
The Company subsequently applied for and received a separate trademark featuring its new logo and the term Unwind Ultimate Relaxation
in 2010. The Company intends to reformulate the product.


 2014
 the
Company purchased 90% of Dance Broadcast Systems
 Inc. for 10
000 Series A Preferred Stock with a stated value of $1
000
000 and
a par value of $.001. The preference allows the holder to vote 66.67% of the available votes for all purposes regardless of the
other votes outstanding as long as one share of this series is outstanding. The designation for the Series A Preferred Stock was
filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on January 24
 2014. This transaction was recorded as a reverse merger with January
13
 2014 now becoming the inception date for accounting purposes. This transaction caused a change of control of the company to
Vinyl Groove Productions
 Inc.


 the Company
sold its 51% stake in Blue 22 Entertainment for the receipt of 50 million common shares of NX Global
 Inc. stock. Because the stock
received does not have a current filing on Pink Sheets and no active market exists for the shares
 no value has been placed on
the stock received. The subsidiary had no assets or liabilities on the date of disposal and no consideration was received.


 the Company
entered into an agreement to be the distributor at retail of a oil emulsification product used to separate oil from various waste
streams produced from oil wells
 and oil storage or shipping. The Company agreed to issue 5
000 Series C preferred shares
 when
available
 after filing a designation which will be earned upon issuance. As of the date of this report
 the Series C Preferred
Stock designation has not been filed nor have any preferred shares been issued under the agreement. The product is no longer marketed
by the Company.


 2014
 the Company
increased its authorized common shares from 500
000
000 to 950
000
000.


 2014
 the
Company increased its authorized common shares from 950
000
000 to 1
970
000
000.


subsidiaries were disposed on June 26
 2014. The company does not retain any rights nor any liabilities of the disposed of subsidiaries.
The disposal resulted in a gain on the sale of $53
329 (see Note 4).


 2014
 the
Company increased its authorized common shares from 1
970
000
000 to 2
970
000
000.




    
    



 2014
 the
Company was re-domiciled to the State of Wyoming and increased its authorized common shares to 5
000
000
000.


 2014
 the
Company changed its name to FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.


 2014
 the
company effected 1:1
000 reverse split on the outstanding shares. All share and per share amounts herein have been retroactively
restated to reflect the split.


June 29
 2015

 Consulting
Agreement
 and Royalty Agreement with G. Randall &amp; Sons
 Inc. These agreements provide for the asset purchase of the proprietary
hemp-based formula used in the Company&rsquo;s beverage energy shot. G. Randall and Sons will provide ongoing consulting services
in blending new formula(s) and working directly with FBEC to improve and blend existing formulas. The Company purchased the asset
for $50
000. The purchase includes a $15
000 cash payment and a $35
000 8% Convertible Note with a 6 month maturity date and conversion
features of 75% of the average closing price 20 days previous to conversion. 

On
November 12
 2015
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement operating as FBEC CBD Globe LLC. The joint venture provides
the Company with a product pipeline and revenue stream from the products of CBD Globe Distributors Ltd. The Company is responsible
to provide various services for the venture. All revenue from the CBD Globe product line are to be received by the venture. The
venture is for one year and may be terminated by either party with 30 day written notice as long as all conditions in the contract
have been met (see Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17
 2015).

On
November 30
 2015
 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement operating as FBEC Dube Group LLC. The joint venture provides
the Company with a product pipeline and revenue stream from the products of Dube Hemp Beverages
 Inc. The Company is responsible
to provide various services for the venture. All revenue from the Dube product line are to be received by the venture. The venture
is for one year and may be terminated by either party with 30 day written notice as long as all conditions in the contract have
been met (see Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 30
 2015).

On
March 18
 2016
 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation changing its authorized common shares to 2
200
000
000.

On
April 10
 2017
 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation changing its authorized common shares to 7
700
000
000.




financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
 which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern
 which is dependent upon the Company's
ability to establish itself as a profitable business. At December 31
 2016
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $6
141
739
and for the period from January 13
 2014 (date of inception) through December 31
 2015 incurred net loss of $6
141
739. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties
 nor do they include adjustments relating
to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue in operation.


to continue in business is dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing or attaining profitable operations. However
 there can
be no assurance that management will be successful in obtaining additional funding or in attaining profitable operations




    
    







held by financial institutions and short-term investments with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash and cash equivalents.
In the future
 the Company may periodically make deposits with financial institutions in excess of the maximum federal insurance
limits (FDIC) of $250
000 per bank. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company had $45
309 cash or cash equivalents.




financial statements include the accounts of wholly-owned subsidiaries Blue 22 Entertainment
 Inc. and 22 Social Club
 Inc. and
90% owned Dance Broadcast System
 Inc. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. All subsidiaries had been
sold or disposed of at December 31
 2014. There were no activities of the joint ventures entered into in 2015.




stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718 and accounts for stock-based compensation to non-employees
in accordance with FASB ASC 505. The fair value of option awards is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing
model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate; volatility; and expected remaining lives of the awards. The
assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based payment awards represent management&rsquo;s best estimates
 but these
estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. As a result
 if factors change and the Company
uses different assumptions
 the Company&rsquo;s stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.




earnings per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding plus all potentially dilutive
shares of Common Stock outstanding during the period. Such potential dilutive shares of Common Stock consist of stock options
non-vested shares (restricted stock)
 shares underlying convertible debt and warrants. During the period from inception through
December 31
 2015
 all shares underlying the convertible debt were excluded as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.




tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted FASB ASC 740 &ldquo;Accounting
for Income Taxes&rdquo; as of its inception which requires an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes.
Pursuant to FASB ASC 740
 the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential
benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in this financial statement because the Company cannot be assured it
is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years.




    
    





statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related
to the deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical
experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company&rsquo;s
estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results
 future results of operations
will be affected.




costs incurred with the issuance of notes payable are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan. For the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company incurred amortization expense of $791
589 associated with debt discounts related to derivative liabilities.




classification of its derivative financial instruments as of December 31
 2016
 which consist of convertible instruments and rights
to shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 and determined that such derivatives meet the criteria for liability classification
under ASC 815.


three criteria that
 if met
 require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them
as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics
and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of
the host contract
 (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not
re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported
in earnings as they occur and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered
a derivative instrument subject to the requirements of ASC 815. ASC 815 also provides an exception to this rule when the host instrument
is deemed to be conventional
 as described.


the fair value of its assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under this statement and includes this additional
information in the notes to the financial statements when the fair value is different than the carrying value of those financial
instruments. The estimated fair value of cash
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying amounts due
to the short maturity of these instruments. At December 31
 2015 and 2016
 the Company did not have any other financial instruments.


820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid
to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between
(1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2)
an entity&rsquo;s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the
circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels
 which gives the highest priority
to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:



    
    
    
Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities.

    
    
    
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.

    
    
    
    






    
    



value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management. The
respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. These financial instruments include accounts receivable
 other current assets
 accounts payable
 accrued
compensation and accrued expenses. The fair value of the Company&rsquo;s notes payable is estimated based on current rates that
would be available for debt of similar terms which is not significantly different from its stated value.


accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with professional standards for &ldquo;Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities&rdquo;.


generally provides three criteria that
 if met
 require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and
account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a)&nbsp;the
economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics
and risks of the host contract
 (b)&nbsp;the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host
contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair
value reported in earnings as they occur and (c)&nbsp;a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument
would be considered a derivative instrument.&nbsp;&nbsp;Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the
host instrument is deemed to be conventional as defined under professional standards as &ldquo;The Meaning of &ldquo;Conventional
Convertible Debt Instrument&rdquo;.


convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments)
in accordance with professional standards when &ldquo;Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features
&rdquo;
as those professional standards pertain to &ldquo;Certain Convertible Instruments.&rdquo; Accordingly
 the Company records
 when
necessary
 discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon
the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective
conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt
to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion
options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment
date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note.


among other things
 generally
 if an event is not within the entity&rsquo;s control could or require net cash settlement
 then
the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability.


the fair value of its derivative liabilities.


 2016
the Company financial instruments consist of the derivative liabilities related to convertible notes which were valued using the
lattice pricing model
 a level 3 input.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
1
2080
733
1
280
733






 Loss Contingencies
 to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies
arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability
has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of
December 31
 2015.




    
    





all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements
unless otherwise disclosed
 and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been
issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.




 the Company discovered that
a certain lender may have converted its debt into more common shares than is allowed by usury laws and the promissory note in place.
The amount is unknown and the Company has advised the lender of the potential breach and will take all actions necessary to discern
the values of an expected claim and advise the lender of the condition and the potential methods of recovery available .




 the Company issued to officers
and directors
 and a prior officer a total of 25
750 common shares for the settlement of $93
500 of liabilities resulting in a
loss on the extinguishment of liabilities of $12
000 for the period from January 13
 2014 (date of inception) through December
31
 2014.


 2014
 the Company owed $43
000
in accrued salary to a former officer and director which was disposed along with the disposal of the subsidiary and recorded as
a gain on sale of subsidiary.


 liabilities owed to a former affiliate
of the Company
 of $9
767 and an entity controlled of $16
858 were converted to notes payable totaling $26
625. The notes are unsecured
due on demand and bear no interest.


 2015
 the Company has outstanding
advances to former officers and directors aggregating $22
675. The advances are unsecured
 due on demand and bear no interest.


 2015 Vinyl Groove Productions
sold controlling interest of the Company to S &amp; L Capital LLC.


 2015 S&amp;L Capital LLC converted
8
999 Series A preferred shares to 53
406
528 restricted common shares. The Company issued 150
000
000 restricted common shares
to Robert Sand as required by his employment contract.


 2015
 Midam Ventures LLC bought
controlling interest of the Company by purchasing 1
000 Preferred Series A shares from S&amp;L Capital LLC. One share of the Series
A Preferred Stock was canceled.




 2016
 the
Company had 2
200
000
000 authorized shares of Common Stock and 20
000
000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock
 both with a par
value of $0.001 per share.




 2016
 the
Company had 1
000 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. The shares were issued to founders at inception
on January 13
 2014. We are authorized to issue up to 20
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock with designations
 rights and preferences
determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Accordingly
 our Board of Directors is empowered
 without stockholder approval
to issue Preferred Stock with dividend
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting
 or other rights which could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance
 the Preferred Stock could be utilized
 under
certain circumstances
 as a method of discouraging
 delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. If the Company issues
shares of Preferred Stock and we are subsequently liquidated or dissolved
 the preferred shareholders would have preferential rights
to receive a liquidating distribution for their shares prior to any distribution to common shareholders.




    
    





 2016
 the
Company had 138
889
083 shares of its Common Stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per
share and are to receive dividends or other distributions when and if declared by the Company's Board of Directors.


 the Company
issued 15
500
000 common shares for the conversion of $16
500 of debt.


 agreements
were reached to issue 10
000
000 restricted common shares for services which partially issued in June and completed in July with
a value of $927
000.


 the Company
issued 10
007
499 common shares for debt conversion with a value of $13
057.


 the
Company issued 4
000
000 restricted common shares for services with a value of $81
600. 6
250
000 restricted common shares were
issued for debt conversion with a value of $12
500. The Company entered into an agreement to issue 2
000
000 restricted common
shares per an officers employment contract with a value of $189
200. These employment shares are included in this filing but have
not been issued.


 the Company
issued 3
100
000 common shares for $310 in debt conversion.


 the Company
issued 2
000
000 restricted common shares for services with a value of $62
000.


 the Company
entered into an agreement to issue 5
000
000 restricted common shares for services no value has been assigned as services had not
been performed prior to December 31
 2015. The value these shares has been included common shares with an offset to additional
paid in capital in these financial statements but were not issued as of its filing.


 the Company
issued 6
000
000 common shares for $600 in debt conversion.


received and cancelled 100
000
000 common shares from a shareholder with no consideration required or paid.


 the Company
issued 4
054
054 common shares for $30
000 in debt conversion.


 the Company
received and cancelled 57
000
000 common shares from a shareholder with no consideration required or paid.


issued 2
887
097 common shares for $8
950 in debt conversion.


 the Company
issued 3
225
806 common shares for $10
000 in debt conversion.


 the
Company issued 2
081
165 common shares for $4
000 in debt conversion.


 the Company
issued 1
316
837 common shares for $16
737 in debt conversion. In November 2016
 the Company issued 5
726
526 common shares for
$81
170 in debt conversion.


 the Company issued 1
750
000
common shares for $10
500 in debt conversion.




    
    





 2015 convertible notes payable consisted of the
following:



    

 
2016

    
1
054
865

    
(86
409

    
968
456



secured by 15
000 common shares of the Company which were issued and held in escrow as of December 31
 2015. Still held as of the
date of filing.

Note outstanding as of February 3
 2014:


February 3
 2014
 the Company had an outstanding balance of convertible notes payable of $280
339 which were convertible into common
stock at a 50% discount to the lowest bid of stock&rsquo;s market price during the last 20 days prior to conversion date. The notes
are unsecured
 due on demand and bear no interest.


related to the convertible notes outstanding as of February 3
 2014.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features.&nbsp;The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the convertible note and to adjust the fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet
date.&nbsp;As of February 3
 2014
 the Company determined a fair value of $600
727 of the embedded derivatives.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
fair value of the embedded derivatives was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



derivatives was determined to be $902
551 at December 31
 2014 using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model with the following
assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 the Company adjusted
the recorded fair value of the derivative liability on the dates of conversion of these notes. The aggregate fair value of these
embedded derivative liabilities on the dates of conversion was determined to be $399
953 and this amount was reclassified to equity
on the date of resolution of these derivative liabilities. The fair value was estimated using the Black Scholes Option Pricing
Model with the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
    



liabilities was $701
777 for the period from January 13
 2014 (date of inception) through ended December 31
 2015 due to the change
in fair value.

Note issued on March 10
 2014:


 2014
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $50
000 due on January 5
 2015 with an interest of 8% per annum. A cash draw against
that note was received of $10
000. The additional $40
000 resulted from accounts payable converted to convertible debt. The agreement
allows conversion into shares of common stock at 50% discount to the average of the three lowest intraday trading prices during
the 15 days prior to conversion date.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note entered into on March 10
 2014.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date. At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $107
668 of the embedded derivative.&nbsp;&nbsp;


derivative of $107
668 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($50
000) with the remaining $57
668 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount was fully amortized to interest expense during 2014.


 2014 (date
of inception) through December 31
 2014
 the $50
000 note payable was fully converted into 567
600 shares of common stock. The
aggregate fair value of these embedded derivative liabilities on the dates of conversion was determined to be $97
156 and this
amount was reclassified to equity on the date of resolution of these derivative liabilities.


under this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $47
156 for the period from January 13
 2014 (date of inception) through ended December 31
 2014 due to the change
in fair value.

Note issued on June 4
 2014:


 2014
 a convertible note
agreement was entered into for a total of $103
344 with an interest of 0% per annum. The $103
344 represents the conversion of
accounts payable to convertible debt. The agreement allows conversion into shares of common stock at 50% discount to the lowest
intraday trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion date. The note was converted in full at December 31
 2014.





    
    



related to the Convertible Promissory Note entered into on June 4
 2014.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features.&nbsp;The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $215
674 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $215
674 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($103
344) with the remaining $112
330
recognized as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount was fully amortized to interest expense during 2014.


 2014 (period
of inception) through December 31
 2014
 the Company issued 339
872 common shares for the conversion of the principal amount of
$103
344. The Company adjusted the recorded fair value of the derivative liability on the dates of conversion and determined the
aggregate fair value to be $264
475 and this amount was reclassified to equity on the date of resolution of these derivative liabilities.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $161
131 for the period from January 13
 2014 (date of inception) through ended December 31
 2014 due to the change
in fair value.

Note issued on May 15
 2015 with
a maturity date of November 15
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible note
agreement was entered into for a total of $37
500 with an interest of 0% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at 38% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 20 days prior to conversion date. The note became
convertible at its maturity on November 15
 2015. No conversions have been made and the note is in default which triggers 10% interest
per annum until paid on the face value of the note beginning on the maturity date.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $62
556 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $62
556 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($37
500) with the remaining $25
056 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount of $4
687 was amortized to derivative expense during 2015.




    
    



this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $121
487 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value.

Note issued on May 29
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible note
agreement was entered into for a total of $25
000 with an interest of 8% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at the lower of $0.01 or 50% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 20 days prior to conversion
date. The note was immediately convertible and $12
500 of the note has been converted. The note is in default.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $422
306 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $422
306 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($25
000) with the remaining $397
306
recognized as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount was fully amortized to derivative expense during 2015.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $581
 203 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value and loss on conversion.

Note issued on June 11
 2015
with a maturity date of December 11
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $75
000 with an interest of 0% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at 37.5% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion date. The note became
convertible at its maturity on December 11
 2015. No conversions have been made and the note is in default which triggers 12% interest
per annum until paid on the face value of the note beginning on the maturity date.




    
    



related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $99
047 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $99
047 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($75
000) with the remaining $24
047 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount of $2
260 was amortized to derivative expense during 2015.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $216
037 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value.

Note issued on June 17
 2015
with a maturity date of December 17
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $75
000 with an interest of 0% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at 37.5% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion date. The note became
convertible at its maturity on December 11
 2015. No conversions have been made and the note is in default which triggers 12% interest
per annum until paid on the face value of the note beginning on the maturity date.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $118
368 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $118
368 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($75
000) with the remaining $43
368 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount of $1
663 was amortized to derivative expense during 2015.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
    



liabilities was $216
037 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value.

Note issued on August 26
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $30
000 with an interest of 8% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at 50% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 10 days prior to conversion date.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features.&nbsp;The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $77
517 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $77
517 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($30
000) with the remaining $47
517 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount of $35
509 was fully amortized to derivative expense during 2015.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $83
611 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value.

Note issued on August 26
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $26
625 with an interest of 0% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into shares
of common stock at 50% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 20 days prior to conversion date. The note was
immediately convertible and has been fully converted as of August 31
 2015.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $68
875 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $68
875 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($26
625) with the remaining $42
250 recognized
as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount was fully amortized to derivative expense during 2015.




    
    



this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



liabilities was $500
810 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value and loss on conversion.

Note issued on December 24
 2015:


 2015
 a convertible
note agreement was entered into for a total of $50
000 with an interest of 10% per annum. The agreement allows conversion into
shares of common stock 50% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices during the 15 days prior to conversion date with a ceiling
of $0.003.


related to the Convertible Promissory Note as of its maturity date.&nbsp;These embedded derivatives included certain conversion
features. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the fair value of
the derivatives as of the inception date of the Convertible Promissory Note and to adjust the fair value as of each conversion
date and subsequent balance sheet date.&nbsp;At the inception of the Convertible Promissory Note
 the Company determined a fair
value of $418
331 of the embedded derivative.


derivative of $418
331 was allocated as a debt discount up to the face value of the note ($50
000) with the remaining $366
831
recognized as a loss on derivative liabilities. The debt discount of $479 was amortized to derivative expense during 2015.


this note was determined using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



with these derivative liabilities was $818
262 for the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the change in fair value.


 the Company
entered into a convertible debt agreements with total principal amount of $43
750 with an original issue discount of $3
750 and
12% default interest per annum. The note is convertible at a 38% discount to the lowest market price of the 15 days preceding the
conversion request. The note is due August 3
 2016.


 2016
 the
Company received from its majority shareholder 100
000
000 restricted common shares for immediate cancellation. There was no consideration
to the majority shareholder.


 the Company
entered into a convertible debt agreements with total principal amount of $25
000 and 10% simple interest per annum. The note is
convertible at a 70% discount to the lowest market price of the 20 days preceding the conversion request. The note is due September
21
 2016.




    
    



 the Company
entered into a convertible debt agreement with a principal amount of $150
000 with 8% interest per annum. This note is convertible
at a fixed rate of $.0008. These notes are convertible any time after 179 days from the date of the note at the option of the holder.


 2016
 the
Company entered into a convertible debt agreement with a principal amount of $92
000 with 10% interest per annum. This note is
convertible at 60% the lowest one day trading price for the common stock in the prior twenty days to the conversion date. The note
matures six months after the issue date and is convertible on after that date unless an event of default occurs then the note can
be converted at the option of the holder.


the Black Scholes pricing model to the lattice pricing model to reflect a more likely valuation in this filing.


as of issuance
 conversion/redemption
 replacement/amendment/assignment
 and the quarterly periods 12/31/15 to 12/31/16. The following
assumptions were used for the valuation of the derivative liability related to the Notes:


in these periods
would fluctuate with the Company projected volatility.

The notes convert with variable conversion prices and fixed conversions
prices (tainted notes).

An event of default would occur 0% of the time
 increasing 1% per
month to a maximum of 20%.

The projected annual volatility curve for each valuation period was
The detail volatilities by date
are available at the Company headquarters.

The company would redeem the notes 0% of the time
 increasing 1% per
month to a maximum of 5%.

All notes are assumed to be extended at maturity by 2 years - the
time required to convert out this volume of stock.

The Holder would automatically convert the note midway through to
maturity on a monthly basis based on ownership and trading volume limitations.

A change of control and fundamental transaction would occur initially


$149
$377
253



periods 12/31/15 to 12/31/16.


 2015 financial statements
have been restated to reflect the changed pricing model. The impact was an increase to Derivative Liability and Liability Expense
$1
014
390.




for in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the future
tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company's financial statements or tax returns. Measurement of the deferred
items is based on enacted tax laws. In the event the future consequences of differences between financial reporting bases and tax
bases of the Company's assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset
 the guidance requires an evaluation of the probability
of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such assets. A valuation allowance related to a deferred tax asset is
recorded when it is more likely than not that some or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized.




    
    



losses at December 31
 2016 of $3
358
663 expiring through 2035. Utilization of these losses may be limited by the &quot;change
of ownership&quot; rules as set forth in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.


the expected income tax expense (benefit) and the actual tax expense (benefit) computed by using the federal statutory rate of
35% is as follows:



    
    
from 
January 13
 2014 
(date of inception)
 through
 December 31
 2015

    
    

    
1
175
532

    
(1
175
532

    
    

    
    



liabilities are provided for significant income and expense items recognized in different years for tax and financial reporting
purposes. Temporary differences
 which give rise to a net deferred tax asset
 are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
1
175
532

    
(1
175
532

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



require companies to recognize in their financial statements the impact of a tax position if that position is more likely than
not to be sustained upon audit
 based upon the technical merits of the position. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken on
a tax return. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
and disclosure.


that the Company has any material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition or measurement in accordance with the provisions
of ASC 740. Accordingly
 the adoption of these provisions of ASC 740 did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements. The Company&rsquo;s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions
 if any
 as income tax expense.




 the Company issued 30
312
206
common shares for the conversion of $41
695 of debt.


 2017
 the Company entered into
a new co-packer agreement with NVE Pharmaceuticals to produce our 2 oz energy shot and the Company&rsquo;s hemp juice powder.




    
    



 2017
 the Company issued a $53
000
convertible promissory note (&ldquo;the Power Note&rdquo;) to Power Up Lending Group
 Ltd. in exchange for a $53
000 investment
in the Company. The Power Note converts at 42% discount to the average of the three lowest intraday trading prices within the ten
trading days prior to the conversion notice being submitted to the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent.


 the Company issued 187
089
260
common shares for the conversion of $190
784 of debt.


 2017
 the Company issued a
$225
000 convertible promissory note (&ldquo;the Crown Note&rdquo;) to Crown Bridge Partners LLC in exchange for a $200
000 investment
in the Company. The Crown Note converts at 42% discount to the lowest intraday trading prices within the twenty-five trading days
prior to the conversion notice being submitted to the Company&rsquo;s transfer agent.


 the Company issued 560
159
598
common shares for the conversion of $65
475 of debt.


 the Company issued 65
000
000
common shares for payment of a court settlement valued at $1
228
500.


 the Company issued 390
027
368
common shares for the conversion of $106
486 of debt.


 2017
 the Company amended its
Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized common shares to 7
000
000
000
 par value $.001.





    














     


Exhibit
31.1






 Jeffrey Greene
 certify that:



    
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FBEC Worldwide
 Inc.; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. 




May
    22
 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    


        Officer

        Officer

        Officer















     











annual report of FBEC Worldwide
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 18
 2017 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Jaffrey Greene
 Principal Executive
Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and


The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial
condition and result of operations of the Company.








 2017


provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff
upon request.













     








RULE 201 OF REGULATION S-T
 THE DATE BY WHICH THE INTERACTIVE DATA FILE IS REQUIRED TO BE SUBMITTED HAS BEEN EXTENDED BY SIX BUSINESS
DAYS.







